Sleep disordered breathing in pregnancy: Food for thought; The last few years have witnessed a number of publications linking sleep disordered breathing to adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes in various populations. Associations with preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and growth restriction have been consistent across many studies. Though the manuscripts reviewed here consist mostly of preliminary data and need further confirmation, the studies have highlighted new directions in the assessment of the impact of sleep disordered breathing and pregnancy, and paved the way for new fields of research in this area.
The influence of maternal and infant nutrition on cardiometabolic traits: novel findings and future research directions from four Canadian birth cohort studies; A mother's nutritional choices while pregnant may have a great influence on her baby's development in the womb and during infancy. There is evidence that what a mother eats during pregnancy interacts with her genes to affect her child's susceptibility to poor health outcomes including childhood obesity, pre-diabetes, allergy and asthma. Furthermore, after what an infant eats can change his or her intestinal bacteria, which can further influence the development of these poor outcomes. In the present paper, we review the importance of birth cohorts, the formation and early findings from a multi-ethnic birth cohort alliance in Canada and summarise our future research directions for this birth cohort alliance. We summarise a method for harmonising collection and analysis of self-reported dietary data across multiple cohorts and provide examples of how this birth cohort alliance has contributed to our understanding of gestational diabetes risk; ethnic and diet-influences differences in the healthy infant microbiome; and the interplay between diet, ethnicity and birth weight. Ongoing work in this birth cohort alliance will focus on the use of metabolomic profiling to measure dietary intake, discovery of unique diet-gene and diet-epigenome interactions, and qualitative interviews with families of children at risk of metabolic syndrome. Our findings to-date and future areas of research will advance the evidence base that informs dietary guidelines in pregnancy, infancy and childhood, and will be relevant to diverse and high-risk populations of Canada and other high-income countries.
Association of maternal nutrition with transient neonatal hyperinsulinism; Objective The objective was to determine whether maternal nutritional factors are associated with transient neonatal hyperinsulinism (HI). Design and setting Case control study in 4 French tertiary Obstetrics and Neonatology Departments between 2008 and 2015. Methods Sixty-seven mothers of neonates diagnosed with transient hyperinsulinism and 113 mothers of controls were included. The screening for hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia in neonates was performed because of clinical symptoms suggestive of hypoglycemia or in the presence of conventional risk factors (small-for-gestational-age, prematurity, anoxo-ischemia, hypothermia, macrosomia, gestational diabetes). Hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia was confirmed in the HI neonates and ruled out in the controls. This allowed for comparing maternal nutrition in cases and controls in a context of similar risk factors. One to 2 mothers of control neonates were included per case, and a food frequency questionnaire was addressed to the mothers between day 5 and day 10 after the birth of their newborn. Results Crude odds ratio showed that maternal weight gain, abnormal fetal rate, C-section, gender, consumption of fresh cooked vegetables, fresh fruits and fruit juices, low fat diary products, light fat products, and daily bread were significantly associated with hyperinsulinism. Maternal body mass index, hypertension, gestational diabetes, birth weight percentile, gestational age and 5-minute Apgar score were not related to HI. In a multiple backward logistic regression model, consumption of fresh cooked vegetable >= 1/day (OR = 0.33 [0.14-0.77]) and light-fat products >= 1/week (OR = 0.24 [0.08-0.71]) was protective against hyperinsulinism, whereas gestational weight gain >20 kg (OR = 9.5 [2.0-45.5]) and between 15-20 kg (OR = 4.0 [1.2-14.0]), abnormal fetal heart rate (OR = 4.4 [1.6-12.0]), and C-section (OR = 3.4 [1.3-8.9]) were risk factors. Conclusions A diet rich in fresh cooked vegetable and reduced in fat, together with the avoidance of a high gestational weight gain may be protective against transient neonatal hyperinsulinism.
Maternal Testosterone Levels are Associated with C-Peptide Levels in the Mexican American Subset of the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome (HAPO) Study Cohort; Altered sex hormone levels are thought to play an important role in adult-onset diseases including obesity, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes. They contribute to these complex diseases through changes in their availability, which is influenced, in part, by binding proteins. Insulin resistance, which is characteristic of these diseases, along with increased insulin secretion, is a physiologic change that occurs normally during pregnancy. To determine the relationship between insulin resistance and sex hormone levels, we examined the associations of sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) and testosterone with measures of glycemia and insulinemia in a healthy pregnant population. We measured fasting serum SHBG and testosterone levels in 215 Hispanic mothers of Mexican ancestry from the HAPO Study cohort and tested for associations between SHBG and testosterone levels and maternal plasma glucose and C-peptide. After adjusting for confounding variables, serum total testosterone (TT) was positively associated with fasting C-peptide (0.18 mu g/l higher for TT higher by 1 SD, p = 0.001) and 1-h C-peptide (0.79 mu g/l higher for TT higher by 1 SD, p < 0.001). Free testosterone (FT) was also positively associated with fasting C-peptide (0.19 mu g/l higher for FT higher by 1 SD, p < 0.001), and 1-h C-peptide (0.83 mu g/l higher for FT higher by 1 SD, p < 0.001). Although these findings are from a single cohort, this study provides evidence for an association between testosterone and C-peptide during pregnancy in a nondiabetic Hispanic obstetric population.
Effects of interventions in pregnancy on maternal weight and obstetric outcomes: meta-analysis of randomised evidence; Objective To evaluate the effects of dietary and lifestyle interventions in pregnancy on maternal and fetal weight and to quantify the effects of these interventions on obstetric outcomes. Design Systematic review and meta-analysis. Data sources Major databases from inception to January 2012 without language restrictions. Study selection Randomised controlled trials that evaluated any dietary or lifestyle interventions with potential to influence maternal weight during pregnancy and outcomes of pregnancy. Data synthesis Results summarised as relative risks for dichotomous data and mean differences for continuous data. Results We identified 44 relevant randomised controlled trials (7278 women) evaluating three categories of interventions: diet, physical activity, and a mixed approach. Overall, there was 1.42 kg reduction (95% confidence interval 0.95 to 1.89 kg) in gestational weight gain with any intervention compared with control. With all interventions combined, there were no significant differences in birth weight (mean difference -50 g, -100 to 0 g) and the incidence of large for gestational age (relative risk 0.85, 0.66 to 1.09) or small for gestational age (1.00, 0.78 to 1.28) babies between the groups, though by itself physical activity was associated with reduced birth weight (mean difference -60 g, -120 to -10 g). Interventions were associated with a reduced the risk of pre-eclampsia (0.74, 0.60 to 0.92) and shoulder dystocia (0.39, 0.22 to 0.70), with no significant effect on other critically important outcomes. Dietary intervention resulted in the largest reduction in maternal gestational weight gain (3.84 kg, 2.45 to 5.22 kg), with improved pregnancy outcomes compared with other interventions. The overall evidence rating was low to very low for important outcomes such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preterm delivery. Conclusions Dietary and lifestyle interventions in pregnancy can reduce maternal gestational weight gain and improve outcomes for both mother and baby. Among the interventions, those based on diet are the most effective and are associated with reductions in maternal gestational weight gain and improved obstetric outcomes.
Adverse effects during the oral glucose tolerance test in post-bariatric surgery patients; Objective: The oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) is used in the screening of gestational diabetes, in diagnosis of type 2 diabetes in conjunction with fasting blood glucose and glycated hemoglobin. The aim of this study was to examine the incidence and risk factors of adverse effects of OGTT in patients who underwent bariatric surgery, in addition to proposing standardization for ordering the OGTT in these patients. Subjects and methods: This study assessed the incidence of adverse effects in 128 post-bariatric surgery patients who underwent the OGTT. Descriptive and logistic regression analysis were performed, the dependent variables were defined as the presence of signs (tremor, profuse sweating, tachycardia), symptoms (nausea, diarrhea, dizziness, weakness), and hypoglycemia (blood glucose <= 50 mg/dL). Results: One hundred and seventeen participants (91.4%) were female; 38 (29.7%) participants were pregnant. High incidence (64.8%) of adverse effects was observed: nausea (38.4%), dizziness (30.5%), weakness (25.8%), diarrhea (23.4%), hypoglycemia (14.8%), tachycardia (14.1%), tremor (13.3%), profuse sweating (12.5%) and one case of severe hypoglycemia (24 mg/dL). The presence of signs was associated with hypoglycemia (OR = 8.1, CI 95% 2.6-25.1). The arterial hypertension persisted as a risk factor for the incidence of signs (OR = 3.6, CI 95% 1.2-11.3). Fasting glucose below 75 mg/dL increased the risk of hypoglycemia during the test (OR = 9.5, CI 95% 2.6-35.1). Conclusion: In this study, high incidence of adverse effects during the OGTT was observed in post-bariatric surgery patients. If these results are confirmed by further studies, the indication and regulation of the OGTT procedure must be reviewed for these patients.
Fetal sex and perinatal outcomes; Objective: To evaluate the relationship of fetal sex with obstetric risk factors and perinatal outcomes. Material and methods: Retrospective study of deliveries during 2003-2009 at a tertiary hospital based on the analysis of obstetric and neonatal risk variables according to neonatal sex. Results: Of the 29,530 deliveries studied, the neonate was a boy in 15,038 (50.92 %) and a girl in 14,492 (49.08 %). The rates of gestational diabetes, prematurity, true umbilical cord knot and nuchal cord were higher for male newborns, whereas the rate of echographic diagnosis of intrauterine fetal growth retardation was higher for female newborns. Mothers of male fetuses had higher rates of cesarean delivery and instrumental vaginal delivery. The indication for ending labor due to the non-reassuring fetal heart rate was also more frequent among male newborns. This group had higher rates of acidemia, although there were no significant differences between sexes in other short-term neonatal outcomes. In all subgroups analyzed here, fetal weight was higher in male newborns. Conclusions: Male sex is an independent risk factor for unfavorable outcomes of pregnancy and delivery.
Outcome after implementation of a modern management strategy for intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy; Objective: The aim of this study was to determine whether the institution of a modern management strategy affected pregnancy outcomes for intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP).Methods: We performed a retrospective cohort study of women diagnosed with ICP at one hospital from 2005 to 2013. A new management protocol for ICP was instituted in 2009 for women with total bile acids>40mol/L at<36 weeks. This strategy included inpatient admission, continuous fetal heart rate monitoring, with delivery between 36 and 37 weeks. We compared maternal and neonatal outcomes prior and subsequent to the institution of this protocol.Results: We identified 186 singleton gestations with bile acids>40mol/L and diagnosis<36 weeks. Patient demographics were similar between the groups, with the exception of greater maternal age and gestational diabetes in the newer cohort. The newer cohort demonstrated a significant reduction in the incidence of stillbirth 0% versus 3.4%, p=0.035). There was no difference in the age at delivery, cesarean delivery rates or NICU admissions.Conclusion: Application of our management strategy for ICP reduced the stillbirth rate without adversely affecting other maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Genetic risk of type 2 diabetes modifies the association between lifestyle and glycemic health at 5 years postpartum among high-risk women; Introduction Lifestyle interventions are effective in preventing type 2 diabetes, but genetic background may influence the individual response. In the Finnish gestational diabetes prevention study, RADIEL, lifestyle intervention during pregnancy and first postpartum year was effective in preventing gestational diabetes (GDM) and postpartum glycemic abnormalities only among women at highest genetic risk of type 2 diabetes. This study aimed to assess whether still 5 years postpartum the genetic risk modifies the association between lifestyle and glycemic health.Research design and methods The RADIEL study (randomized controlled trial) aimed to prevent GDM with a lifestyle intervention among high-risk women (body mass index >= 30 kg/m2 and/or prior GDM). The follow-up study 5 years postpartum included anthropometric measurements, laboratory assessments, device-measured physical activity (PA), and questionnaires. A Healthy Lifestyle Score (HLS) indicated adherence to lifestyle goals (PA, diet, smoking) and a polygenic risk score (PRS) based on 50 type 2 diabetes risk alleles depicted the genetic risk.Results Altogether 314 women provided genetic and glycemic data 5 years postpartum. The PRS for type 2 diabetes was not associated with glycemic abnormalities, nor was HLS in the total study sample. There was, however, an interaction between HLS and type 2 diabetes PRS on glycemic abnormalities (p=0.03). When assessing the association between HLS and glycemic abnormalities in PRS tertiles, HLS was associated with reduced risk of glycemic abnormalities only among women at the highest genetic risk (p=0.008).Conclusions These results extend our previous findings from pregnancy and first postpartum year demonstrating that still at 5 years postpartum, healthy lifestyle is associated with a lower risk of prediabetes/diabetes only among women at the highest genetic risk of type 2 diabetes.
Preterm Birth and Subsequent Risk of Type 2 Diabetes in Black Women; Background: Gestational diabetes is a precursor to type 2 diabetes. Little is known about the relation of other common pregnancy complications, such as preterm birth, to risk of type 2 diabetes. Methods: We assessed preterm birth in relation to incident type 2 diabetes among 31,101 participants from the Black Women's Health Study. Preterm birth, defined as <37 weeks gestation, was reported at baseline (1995) and on subsequent biennial follow-up questionnaires. Self-reported type 2 diabetes diagnoses were ascertained on biennial questionnaires through 2009. We used Cox proportional hazards models to calculate incidence rate ratios (IRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs), adjusting for potential confounders. Results: At baseline, 5162 participants (19%) reported a history of giving birth preterm, of which 16% occurred at <32 weeks gestation. A total of 3261 cases of type 2 diabetes were ascertained during follow-up. Ever having had a preterm birth was associated with a 20% increased risk (95% CI = 1.11-1.31) after adjusting for age at first birth, family history of diabetes, education, respondent having been born preterm, and body mass index. Gestational age <32 weeks was associated with the greatest risk (IR = 1.27 [95% CI = 1.06-1.51]). Among women without a history of gestational diabetes, the IR for type 2 diabetes among women who ever had a preterm birth was 1.17 (1.07-1.28). Conclusion: Preterm birth was associated with an increased type 2 diabetes risk in black mothers, independent of gestational diabetes.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Long-Term Mortality in Women; Importance Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as preterm delivery or preeclampsia, have higher future risks of cardiometabolic disorders; however, little is known about their long-term mortality risks. A better understanding of such risks is needed to facilitate early identification of high-risk women and preventive actions. Objective To determine long-term mortality risks associated with 5 major adverse pregnancy outcomes in a large population-based cohort of women. Design, Setting, and ParticipantsThis national cohort study in Sweden used the Swedish Medical Birth Register, containing prenatal and birth information for nearly all deliveries in Sweden since 1973, to identify women who had a singleton delivery during 1973 to 2015. All 2 195 667 such women with information for pregnancy duration and infant birth weight were included in the study. Data were analyzed from March to September 2023. Exposure Adverse pregnancy outcomes (preterm delivery, small for gestational age, preeclampsia, other hypertensive disorders, and gestational diabetes), identified from nationwide birth records. Main Outcome and MeasuresAll-cause and cause-specific mortality through December 31, 2018. Cox regression was used to compute hazard ratios (HRs) for mortality associated with specific adverse pregnancy outcomes, adjusted for other maternal factors. Cosibling analyses assessed for confounding by shared familial (genetic or environmental) factors. Results In 56 million person-years of follow-up to a median (IQR) age of 52 (42-61) years, 88 055 women (4%) died (median [IQR] age at death, 59 [50-67] years). All 5 adverse pregnancy outcomes were independently associated with increased mortality. Across the entire follow-up (<= 46 years after delivery), adjusted HRs for all-cause mortality associated with specific adverse pregnancy outcomes were as follows: gestational diabetes, 1.52 (95% CI, 1.46-1.58); preterm delivery, 1.41 (95% CI, 1.37-1.44); small for gestational age, 1.30 (95% CI, 1.28-1.32); other hypertensive disorders, 1.27 (95% CI, 1.19-1.37); and preeclampsia, 1.13 (95% CI, 1.10-1.16). All HRs remained significantly elevated even 30 to 46 years after delivery. These effect sizes were only partially (0%-45%) reduced after controlling for shared familial factors in cosibling analyses. Women who experienced multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes had further increases in risk. Several major causes of death were identified, including cardiovascular and respiratory disorders and diabetes. Conclusions and Relevance In this large national cohort study, women who experienced any of 5 major adverse pregnancy outcomes had increased mortality risks that remained elevated more than 40 years later. Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes need early preventive evaluation and long-term follow-up for detection and treatment of chronic disorders associated with premature mortality.
Pregnancy and the Postpartum Period as an Opportunity for Cardiovascular Risk Identification and Management; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women. Because women generally present with more atypical symptoms of CVD than do men and because underlying CVD risk factors are often present for years before the onset of CVD, it is important to use innovative ways to identify women who should undergo CVD risk screening at a younger age. Pregnancy and the postpartum period afford us that opportunity, given that the development of certain pregnancy complications (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, delivery of a neonate with fetal growth restriction, and significant placental abruption) can reliably identify women with underlying, often unrecognized, CVD risk factors. Women with one or more of these pregnancy complications should be identified at the time of delivery and referred for regular follow-up. This would ideally take the form of a multidisciplinary clinic including clinicians and allied health specialists to carry out physical and biochemical screening and counseling regarding lifestyle modification and possible therapeutic interventions. Longer-term follow-up and recommendations should be individualized based on findings and risks. There is also an opportunity for future pregnancy counseling and discussion about the importance of weight loss between pregnancies, initiation of a routine involving physical activity, use of preconception folic acid, and the potential initiation of low-dose aspirin for those women at risk for future preeclampsia and fetal growth restriction or the use of progesterone for women at risk for preterm labor. The link between pregnancy complications and future CVD affords us with the earliest opportunity for CVD risk assessment for health preservation and disease prevention.
Physical Exertion Immediately Prior to Placental Abruption: A Case-Crossover Study; While there is consistent evidence that episodes of physical exertion are associated with an immediately higher risk of acute ischemic vascular events, the risk of placental abruption immediately following episodes of physical exertion has not been studied. In a multicenter case-crossover study, we interviewed 663 women with placental abruption at 7 Peruvian hospitals between January 2013 and August 2015. We asked women about physical exertion in the hour before symptom onset and compared this with their frequency of physical exertion over the prior week. Compared with times with light or no exertion, the risk of placental abruption was 7.8 (95% confidence interval (CI): 5.5, 11.0) times greater in the hour following moderate or heavy physical exertion. The instantaneous incidence rate ratio of placental abruption within an hour of moderate or heavy physical exertion was lower for women who habitually engaged in moderate or heavy physical activity more than 3 times per week in the year before pregnancy (rate ratio (RR) = 3.0, 95% CI: 1.6, 5.9) compared with more sedentary women (RR = 17.3, 95% CI: 11.3, 26.7; P for homogeneity < 0.001), and the rate ratio was higher among women with preeclampsia/eclampsia (RR = 13.6, 95% CI: 7.0, 26.2) than among women without (RR = 6.7, 95% CI: 4.4, 10.0; P for homogeneity = 0.07).
Diagnosis and Management of Prediabetes A Review; IMPORTANCE Prediabetes, an intermediate stage between normal glucose regulation and diabetes, affects 1 in 3 adults in the US and approximately 720 million individuals worldwide. OBSERVATIONS Prediabetes is defined by a fasting glucose level of 100 to 125mg/dL, a glucose level of 140 to 199mg/dL measured 2 hours after a 75-g oral glucose load, or glycated hemoglobin level (HbA(1C)) of 5.7% to 6.4% or 6.0% to 6.4%. In the US, approximately 10% of people with prediabetes progress to having diabetes each year. Ameta-analysis found that prediabetes at baselinewas associated with increased mortality and increased cardiovascular event rates (excess absolute risk, 7.36 per 10000 person-years for mortality and 8.75 per 10000 person-years for cardiovascular disease during 6.6 years). Intensive lifestyle modification, consisting of calorie restriction, increased physical activity (>= 150 min/wk), self-monitoring, and motivational support, decreased the incidence of diabetes by 6.2 cases per 100 person-years during a 3-year period. Metformin decreased the risk of diabetes among individuals with prediabetes by 3.2 cases per 100 person-years during 3 years. Metformin is most effective forwomen with prior gestational diabetes and for individuals younger than 60 years with body mass index of 35 or greater, fasting plasma glucose level of 110mg/dL or higher, or HbA(1c) level of 6.0% or higher. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Prediabetes is associated with increased risk of diabetes, cardiovascular events, and mortality. First-line therapy for prediabetes is lifestyle modification that includes weight loss and exercise or metformin. Lifestyle modification is associated with a larger benefit than metformin.
Fetal and Maternal Effects of Vitamin D; Since in the early 1900s, the relationship between vitamin D and human health was discovered which led to a cure for rickets. In recent years, studies suggest that besides the rickets, vitamin D deficiency may also have an important role in the development of some clinical situations such as diabetes, coronary heart disease, psoriasis, multiple sclerosis and tuberculosis. In addition, many studies showed that the maternal vitamin D deficiency during pregnancy influence the development of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, periodontal diseases and for fetal or childhood periods there is a significant impact on the development of the skeletal, respiratory and the central nervous systems. In recent years, light of these studies, the knowledge about the vitamin D has been updated and multiple vitamin D supplementation programs has been applied through the definition of "subclinical vitamin D deficiency" and their effects on the non-skeletal system. In many countries, it has been emphasized that vitamin D supplementation should be given to women, especially in the last trimester of pregnancy. However, in developing countries, the presence of vitamin D deficiency continues to be a huge public health problem. In this case, all physicians, especially pediatricians, obstetricians and family physicians should be alert to this important issue.
FIBRONECTIN LEVELS IN INDIAN NEONATES IN HEALTH AND DISEASE; Cord blood samples were estimated for serum fibronectin (Fn) by immunoelectrophoresis !IE) and enzyme linked immune sorbent assay (ELISA) in 250 newborn healthy and sick infants classified into 6 categories: i.e., term appropriate for date (TAFD), preterm appropriate for date (PTAFD), term small for date (TSFD), preterm small for date (PTSED), birth asphyxia (BA) and septicemia (SEP). TAFD infants were assayed for plasma Fn in addition. Comparison of Fn levels in the different groups by the Wilcoxan rank sum test indicated no significant difference between term and preterm infants, between PTAFD and PTSFD, TAFD and TSFD and in infants with and without birth asphyxia. Babies with septicemia had a significantly (P < 0.01) lower Fn level (29.97 +/- 29.03 mg/l) than those with no septicemia (42.77 +/- 30.20 mg/l). TAFD infants had Fn levels (serum 41.44 +/- 31.08 mg/l, plasma 85.20 +/- 33.38 mg/l) that are less than half the levels reported in the Western literature for newborn term infants. A possible cause could be the associated medical problems in mothers as 41 per cent of mothers of TAFD infants had conditions such as pregnancy induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, rheumatic heart disease, infection etc.
Pathophysiological Effects of Contemporary Lifestyle on Evolutionary-Conserved Survival Mechanisms in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is increasingly being characterized as an evolutionary mismatch disorder that presents with a complex mixture of metabolic and endocrine symptoms. The Evolutionary Model proposes that PCOS arises from a collection of inherited polymorphisms that have been consistently demonstrated in a variety of ethnic groups and races. In utero developmental programming of susceptible genomic variants are thought to predispose the offspring to develop PCOS. Postnatal exposure to lifestyle and environmental risk factors results in epigenetic activation of developmentally programmed genes and disturbance of the hallmarks of health. The resulting pathophysiological changes represent the consequences of poor-quality diet, sedentary behaviour, endocrine disrupting chemicals, stress, circadian disruption, and other lifestyle factors. Emerging evidence suggests that lifestyle-induced gastrointestinal dysbiosis plays a central role in the pathogenesis of PCOS. Lifestyle and environmental exposures initiate changes that result in disturbance of the gastrointestinal microbiome (dysbiosis), immune dysregulation (chronic inflammation), altered metabolism (insulin resistance), endocrine and reproductive imbalance (hyperandrogenism), and central nervous system dysfunction (neuroendocrine and autonomic nervous system). PCOS can be a progressive metabolic condition that leads to obesity, gestational diabetes, type two diabetes, metabolic-associated fatty liver disease, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. This review explores the mechanisms that underpin the evolutionary mismatch between ancient survival pathways and contemporary lifestyle factors involved in the pathogenesis and pathophysiology of PCOS.
Influence of maternal obesity on human trophoblast differentiation: The role of mitochondrial status; Maternal obesity is associated with complications of pregnancy and increases the infant's risk of developing obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. The placenta has an important role in determining the pregnancy outcome, and the syncytiotrophoblast (ST) is the main component of the placenta that supports the relationship between the mother and fetus. The differentiation of the cytotrophoblast (CT) into the ST is accompanied by changes in mitochondrial functions and dynamics. The objective of the present study was to investigate the effects of maternal obesity (without gestational diabetes) on the in vitro differentiation capacities of human CT isolated from term placenta by focusing on mitochondrial status. We found that, during human CT differentiation process, maternal obesity is associated with (i) a lower progesterone secretion, (ii) a transient impairment in the ST's fusion potential (via syncytin-2 and its receptor), (iii) a lower mitochondrial content, and (iv) weaker mRNA expression of oestrogen-related receptor-gamma (a key mitobiogenesis gene). Moreover, maternal obesity altered the time course of ATP and reactive oxygen species production throughout CT differentiation. The mitochondrial dysfunctions observed in isolated human CTs of obese women might explain the observed decrease in progesterone production. Our results demonstrated that obesity in pregnancy is associated with a functional impairment of the ST which might alter the foetal-maternal dialogue.
Women's cardiovascular risk before and after menopause: A red alert for heart attack!; Cardiovascular disease is now the leading cause of death in women, 16 times more frequent than breast cancer, and with more and more young women at risk. Young women are exposed to serial loss of chance, related to sex, with specific female hormonal cardiovascular risk factors (CVRF): contraception, pregnancy and menopause; and to gender: atypic symptoms, underestimation, poor risk-factor control, undertreatment and lack of follow-up, and specific atheromatous disease. Prevalence and impact of risk factors differ between males and females. At a given age, women show more CVRFs than men. This is due to negative lifestyle changes, with increasing smoking, stress, obesity and sedentary lifestyles. Some CVRFs such as hypertension, smoking, stress and diabetes have more severe arterial impact in women than men. Psychosocial factors are emerging risk factors, especially in younger women. Specific hormonal risk is linked to contraception, endometriosis, polycystic ovary syndrome, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, miscarriage, age at menarche, hysterectomy and menopause. Moreover, classic CV risk scores are not adapted to women. An aggressive approach to CVRF management is essential for primary prevention of CV disease, using specific guidelines. Health professionals should conduct earlier personalized screening for women at risk and should encourage appropriate lifestyle changes. The gyneco-cardiology healthcare pathway is a real opportunity to improve cardiovascular prevention in women. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier Masson SAS.
Evidence of a Bi-Directional Relationship between Arterial Stiffness and Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Cohort Studies; Background: There are numerous cross-sectional studies showing an association between arterial stiffness and diabetes, but the temporality of the association is unclear. Objective: To investigate the temporal relationship between arterial stiffness and diabetes. Methods: We searched MEDLINE and Embase from inception to 31 August 2023, to identify cohort studies that assessed whether arterial stiffness, as measured by pulse wave velocity (PWV), was predictive of the development of diabetes and vice versa. We summarised study data, and where possible undertook meta-analysis. Results: We identified 19 studies that included people with type 1, type 2 and gestational diabetes. All 11 studies investigating arterial stiffness as a predictor of diabetes found a significant relationship. Six of those studies were suitable for meta-analysis. The risk of developing diabetes was greater in people with higher PWV at baseline than lower PWV (RR = 2.14, 95%CI 1.65 to 2.79, p < 0.00001) and the mean difference in baseline PWV was higher in people who developed diabetes than those who did not (mean difference: 0.77 m/s, 95%CI 0.47 to 1.06, p < 0.00001). Of 8 studies investigating diabetes as a predictor of arterial stiffness, 7 found a significant relationship. Conclusion: There is evidence of a bidirectional relationship between arterial stiffness and diabetes. Arterial stiffness may provide a causal link between diabetes and future cardiovascular disease.
Nutrition measures for managed care report cards; Health plan ''report cards,'' that is, published summaries of health plan performance, are a new way to help consumers select a health plan on the basis of cost and quality. The Health Plan Employer Data and Information Set (HEDIS) includes a set of health plan performance measures, standardized definitions, and methods for data collection. HEDIS is used as the basis for many report card initiatives and is the preferred tool of the managed cafe industry for measuring health plan performance. Nevertheless, the current list of HEDIS performance measures omits many health services, including medical nutrition therapy. Nutrition measures have the potential for wide appeal among health care stakeholders (ie, payers, consumers, and providers). Four measures related to medical nutrition therapy are proposed for managed care report cards: staffing for nutrition services and medical nutrition therapy for high cholesterol level, gestational diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Barriers to adopting medical nutrition therapy measures in HEDIS include the need to address technical issues before considering new measures and competition from other potential measures. Steps to create support for medical nutrition therapy measures in HEDIS should focus on influencing representatives of health plans and employers to include these measures. The involvement of registered dietitians in the dynamic process of health plan evaluation is an important extension of ongoing efforts for strategic positioning in the managed care market.
Duration of puberty in preterm girls; Objectives: Preterm birth is associated with altered pubertal timing, but the effect on pubertal duration has rarely been assessed. Here, we tested the hypothesis that preterm birth is associated with shorter duration of puberty among girls in Hong Kong where preterm birth has little social patterning. Methods: In the population-representative Chinese birth cohort "Children of 1997", we used multivariable linear regression to assess the association of preterm status (<= 36 completed gestational weeks, n=170; term birth 37-42 gestational weeks, n=3476) with duration of puberty, adjusted for parent's highest education, mother's place of birth, maternal smoking during pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and mother's age of menarche. Results: The mean duration from thelarche to menarche was 2.53 years. Preterm girls had a shorter duration from thelarche to menarche by 2.6 months, 95% confidence interval 0.5-4.7 months. Age of menarche did not differ by preterm status but preterm girls had later thelarche. Preterm birth was not associated with a shorter duration from pubarche to menarche. Conclusions: Preterm births may be associated with shorter duration of puberty from thelarche to menarche, possibly through effects of in utero estrogen exposure, the drivers of thelarche, or the drivers of pubertal duration/progression, with potential implications for subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease and hormonal cancers.
The effects of various diets on glycemic outcomes during pregnancy: A systematic review and network meta-analysis; Aims Evidence to support dietary modifications to improve glycemia during pregnancy is limited, and the benefits of diet beyond limiting gestational weight gain is unclear. Therefore, a systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomized trials was conducted to compare the effects of various common diets, stratified by the addition of gestational weight gain advice, on fasting glucose and insulin, hemoglobin A1c (Hb(A1c)), and homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) in pregnant women. Methods MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane database, and reference lists of published studies were searched through April 2017. Randomized trials directly comparing two or more diets for >= 2-weeks were eligible. Bayesian network meta-analysis was performed for fasting glucose. Owing to a lack of similar dietary comparisons, a standard pairwise meta-analysis for the other glycemic outcomes was performed. The certainty of the pooled effect estimates was assessed using the GRADE tool. Results Twenty-one trials (1,865 participants) were included. In general, when given alongside gestational weight gain advice, fasting glucose improved in most diets compared to diets that gave gestational weight gain advice only. However, fasting glucose increased in high unsaturated or monounsaturated fatty acids diets. In the absence of gestational weight gain advice, fasting glucose improved in DASH-style diets compared to standard of care. Although most were non-significant, similar trends were observed for these same diets for the other glycemic outcomes. Dietary comparisons ranged from moderate to very low in quality of evidence. Conclusion/Interpretation Alongside with gestational weight gain advice, most diets, with the exception of a high unsaturated or a high monounsaturated fatty acid diet, demonstrated a fasting glucose improvement compared with gestational weight gain advice only. When gestational weight gain advice was not given, the DASH-style diet appeared optimal on fasting glucose. However, a small number of trials were identified and most dietary comparisons were underpowered to detect differences in glycemic outcomes. Further studies that are high in quality and adequately powered are needed to confirm these findings.
Detecting people at high risk of type 2 diabetes- How do we find them and who should be treated?; Diabetes is a chronic disease characterized by its silent and progressive nature. The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) increases with age but with a worrying trend of increasingly young age of diagnosis. Compared to their counterparts with late onset of disease, these younger subjects face long disease duration with increased risk of diabetes-related complications. Besides, there is marked phenotypic heterogeneity which can interact with different interventions to give rise to variable clinical outcomes. Recognized at-risk groups include those with known atherosclerosis and vascular disease, genetic background (family history and non-White ethnic groups), phenotypes of insulin resistance (obesity, metabolic syndrome, women with gestational diabetes or polycystic ovarian syndrome, and men with androgen deficiency) and "pre-diabetes" (impaired glucose tolerance and impaired fasting glucose). These risk factors interact to amplify the risk for diabetes, thus emphasizing the importance of comprehensive assessment. Raising awareness and health literacy, regular screening of high risk subjects, structured lifestyle modification program including early use of pharmacological agents, targeting at predominant pathophysiological defects offers a personalized approach to prevent this global hazard. (C) 2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Noncoding RNAs and the control of signalling via nuclear receptor regulation in health and disease; Nuclear receptors belong to a superfamily of proteins that play central roles in human biology, orchestrating a large variety of biological functions in both health and disease. Understanding the interactions and regulatory pathways of NRs will allow development of potential therapeutic interventions for a multitude of disease processes. Non-coding RNAs have recently been discovered to have significant interactions with NR signalling pathways via a variety of biological connections. This review summarises the known interactions between ncRNAs and the NR superfamily in health, embryogenesis and a plethora of human diseases. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
New peptides players in metabolic disorders; Among new peptides responsible for the pathogenesis of metabolic disorders and carbohydrate metabolism, adipokines are of great importance. Adipokines are substances of hormonal character, secreted by adipose tissue. Apart from the well-known adipokines, adropin and preptin are relatively newly discovered, hence their function is not fully understood. They are peptides not secreted by adipose tissue but their role in the metabolic regulations seems to be significant. Preptin is a 34-amino acid peptide, a derivative of proinsulin growth factor II (pro-IGF-II), secreted by pancreatic beta cells, considered to be a physiological enhancer of insulin secretion. Additionally, preptin has a stimulating effect on osteoblasts, inducing their proliferation, differentiation and survival. Adropin is a 76-amino acid peptide, encoded by the energy homeostasis associated gene (Enho), mainly in liver and brain, and its expression is dependent on a diet. Adropin is believed to play an important role in metabolic homeostasis, fatty acids metabolism control, insulin resistance prevention, dyslipidemia, and impaired glucose tolerance. The results of studies conducted so far show that the diseases resulting from metabolic syndrome, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, polycystic ovary syndrome, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, or cardiovascular disease are accompanied by significant changes in the concentration of these peptides. It is also important to note that preptin has an anabolic effect on bone tissue, which might be preventive in osteoporosis.
Ethnic and diet-related differences in the healthy infant microbiome; Background: The infant gut is rapidly colonized by microorganisms soon after birth, and the composition of the microbiota is dynamic in the first year of life. Although a stable microbiome may not be established until 1 to 3 years after birth, the infant gut microbiota appears to be an important predictor of health outcomes in later life. Methods: We obtained stool at one year of age from 173 white Caucasian and 182 South Asian infants from two Canadian birth cohorts to gain insight into how maternal and early infancy exposures influence the development of the gut microbiota. We investigated whether the infant gut microbiota differed by ethnicity (referring to groups of people who have certain racial, cultural, religious, or other traits in common) and by breastfeeding status, while accounting for variations in maternal and infant exposures (such as maternal antibiotic use, gestational diabetes, vegetarianism, infant milk diet, time of introduction of solid food, infant birth weight, and weight gain in the first year). Results: We demonstrate that ethnicity and infant feeding practices independently influence the infant gut microbiome at 1 year, and that ethnic differences can be mapped to alpha diversity as well as a higher abundance of lactic acid bacteria in South Asians and a higher abundance of genera within the order Clostridiales in white Caucasians. Conclusions: The infant gut microbiome is influenced by ethnicity and breastfeeding in the first year of life. Ethnic differences in the gut microbiome may reflect maternal/infant dietary differences and whether these differences are associated with future cardiometabolic outcomes can only be determined after prospective follow-up.
Reciprocal Peer Support for Post-partum Patients with Diabetes: A Needs Assessment for the Diabetes Buddy Program; While peer support has been investigated in multiple clinical contexts, its application to the postpartum setting is unknown. The aim was to assess acceptability of a postpartum peer support program for women with diabetes. Observational survey-based needs assessment of forty low-income women with diabetes, receiving care at a major medical institution. Mean age and gravidity were 30.7 years and 3.15 +/- A 1.67 respectively. 45 % expressed interest in a "buddy." There was no significant difference between groups desiring and not desiring this program. A majority of respondents desired telephone, text messaging, and in-person contacts (79.2, 72.1, 83.8 %), with 72.5 % of patients desiring diabetes-related activities during clinic waiting time. Many women desire a postpartum diabetes reciprocal peer program for support outside of clinician visits. Patients are receptive to educational services during their wait and outside of clinic time, a potentially valuable opportunity to share important health information.
Effect of Borderline Personality Disorder on Obstetrical and Neonatal Outcomes; Background: Borderline personality disorder (BPD) is a serious mental disorder commonly associated with functional impairments and adverse health outcomes. Very little is known about BPD in pregnant women; hence, our study objective was to evaluate the effect of BPD on obstetrical and neonatal outcomes. Methods: We carried out a retrospective cohort study using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project, Nationwide Inpatient Sample from 2003 to 2012. We identified births using the International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) diagnostic and procedure codes and classified women by BPD status. Multivariate logistic regression was used to evaluate the effect of BPD on obstetrical and neonatal outcomes, adjusted for subject baseline characteristics. Findings: During the study period, there were 989 births to women with BPD with an overall incidence of 11.65 in 100,000 births. Women with BPD were more likely younger, of lower socioeconomic status, smoked or used drugs, and had an underlying mental disorder. Unadjusted models revealed that BPD was associated with an increased risk of almost all adverse maternal and fetal outcomes we examined, the exception being post partum hemorrhage and instrumental delivery, which both had a null association with BPD, and induction of labor, which was negatively associated with BPD. Upon full adjustment, BPD was found to be associated with the following obstetrical and neonatal outcomes: gestational diabetes (odds ratio [OR], 1.45; 95% CI, 1.13-1.85), premature rupture of the membranes (OR, 1.40; 95% CI, 1.07-1.83), chorioamnionitis (OR, 1.65; 95% CI, 1.14-2.39), venous thromboembolism (OR, 2.11; 95% CI, 1.12-3.96), caesarian delivery (OR, 1.44; 95% CI, 1.26-1.64), and preterm birth (OR, 1.54; 95% CI, 1.29-1.83). Conclusion: BPD is associated with several adverse obstetrical and neonatal outcomes. Hence, pregnant women who suffer from BPD should be monitored closely by a multidisciplinary health care team both before and during their pregnancies. This oversight would allow for the receipt of treatment for BPD and also interventions to help them to cease tobacco and drug use, which may ultimately decrease the incidence of poor obstetrical and neonatal outcomes. Copyright (C) 2016 by the Jacobs Institute of Women's Health. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Trends in and Maternal Outcomes of Delivery Hospitalizations of Patients With an Asthma Diagnosis; OBJECTIVE: To characterize asthma prevalence and outcomes during U.S. delivery hospitalizations. METHODS: For this repeated cross-sectional analysis, deliveries to women aged 15-54 years with asthma were identified in the 2000-2018 National Inpatient Sample, which approximates a 20% stratified sample of all hospitalizations nationally. Temporal trends in asthma were analyzed using joinpoint regression to estimate the average annual percent change with 95% CIs. The association of asthma with other comorbid conditions was analyzed. The relationship between asthma and several adverse maternal outcomes was analyzed with unadjusted and adjusted logistic regression models, with unadjusted odds ratios and adjusted odds ratios (aORs) as measures of effect. Risk for and trends in a composite of rare, but severe, respiratory complications also were analyzed. RESULTS: An estimated 73,109,790 delivery hospitalizations from 2000 to 2018 were included in the analysis, of which 2,221,644 (3.0%) had a diagnosis of asthma. (Unweighted, the study sample included 15,213,024 deliveries, of which 462,276 [3.0%] had a diagnosis of asthma.) Asthma diagnoses rose from 1.2% in 2000 to 5.3% in 2018, representing an average annual percent change of 8.3% (95% CI 7.4-9.2%). Asthma was more common among women with obesity and chronic hypertension. In adjusted analyses, asthma was associated with severe maternal morbidity (aOR 1.50, 95% CI 1.45-1.55), preeclampsia and gestational hypertension (aOR 1.29, 95% CI 1.26-1.30), postpartum hemorrhage (aOR 1.21, 95% CI 1.19-1.24), cesarean delivery (aOR 1.16, 95% CI 1.15-1.18), gestational diabetes (aOR 1.20, 95% CI 1.18-1.21), venous thromboembolism (aOR 1.79, 95% CI 1.65-1.95), and preterm delivery (aOR 1.27, 95% CI 1.25-1.29). From 2000 to 2018, severe respiratory complications decreased from 72 per 10,000 deliveries with asthma to 14 per 10,000 deliveries with asthma (average annual percent change -9.4%, 95% CI -13.3% to -5.3%). This decreasing risk was offset on a population level by an increase in the risk of asthma. CONCLUSION: Asthma is increasing during deliveries, is associated with adverse maternal outcomes, and is associated with comorbid conditions. Severe respiratory complications are decreasing proportionately among deliveries with asthma, but are stable on a population basis.
Impact of Dietary Soy Isoflavones in Pregnancy on Fetal Programming of Endothelial Function in Offspring; P>Epidemiological evidence suggests that soy-based diets containing phytoestrogens (isoflavones) afford protection against cardiovascular diseases (CVDs); however, supplementation trials have largely reported only marginal health benefits. The molecular mechanisms by which the isoflavones genistein, daidzein, and equol afford protection against oxidative stress remain to be investigated in large scale clinical trials. Isoflavones are transferred across the placenta in both rodents and humans, yet there is limited information on their actions in pregnancy and the developmental origins of disease. Our studies established that feeding a soy isoflavone-rich diet during pregnancy, weaning, and postweaning affords cardiovascular protection in aged male rats. Notably, rats exposed to a soy isoflavone-deficient diet throughout pregnancy and adult life exhibited increased oxidative stress, diminished antioxidant enzyme and eNOS levels, endothelial dysfunction, and elevated blood pressure in vivo. The beneficial effects of refeeding isoflavones to isoflavone-deficient rats include an increased production of nitric oxide and EDHF, an upregulation of antioxidant defense enzymes and lowering of blood pressure in vivo. This review focuses on the role that isoflavones in the fetal circulation may play during fetal development in affording protection against CVD in the offspring via their ability to activate eNOS, EDHF, and redox-sensitive gene expression.
Early Pulmonary Vascular Disease in Preterm Infants Is Associated with Late Respiratory Outcomes in Childhood; Rationale: Early pulmonary vascular disease (PVD) after preterm birth is associated with a high risk for developing bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), but its relationship with late respiratory outcomes during early childhood remains uncertain. Objectives: To determine whether PVD at 7 days after preterm birth is associated with late respiratory disease (LRD) during early childhood. Methods: This was a prospective study of preterm infants born before 34 weeks postmenstrual age (PMA). Echocardiograms were performed at 7 days and 36 weeks PMA. Prenatal and early postnatal factors and postdischarge follow-up survey data obtained at 6, 12, 18, and 24 months of age were analyzed in logistic regression models to identify early risk factors for LRD, defined as a physician diagnosis of asthma, reactive airways disease, BPD exacerbation, bronchiolitis, or pneumonia, or a respiratory-related hospitalization during follow-up. Measurements and Main Results: Of the 221 subjects (median, 27 wk PMA; interquartile range, 25-28 and 920 g; interquartile range, 770-1090 g) completing follow-up, 61% met LRD criteria. Gestational diabetes and both mechanical ventilator support and PVD at 7 days were associated with LRD. The combination of PVD and mechanical ventilator support at 7 days was among the strongest prognosticators of LRD (odds ratio, 8.1; confidence interval, 3.1-21.9; P < 0.001). Modeled prenatal and early postnatal factors accurately informed LRD (area under the curve, 0.764). Adding BPD status at 36 weeks PMA to the model did not change the accuracy (area under the curve, 0.771). Conclusions: Early echocardiographic evidence of PVD after preterm birth in combination with other perinatal factors is a strong risk factor for LRD, suggesting that early PVD may contribute to the pathobiology of BPD.
Maternal self-reported polycystic ovary syndrome with offspring and maternal cardiometabolic outcomes; STUDY QUESTION: Do children born to mothers with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have an adverse cardiometabolic profile including arterial stiffness at 9 years of age compared to other children?SUMMARY ANSWER: Children of mothers with PCOS did not have differing cardiometabolic outcomes than children without exposure.WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: While women with PCOS themselves have higher risk of cardiometabolic conditions such as obesity and diabetes, the evidence on intergenerational impact is unclear. Given in utero sequalae of PCOS (e.g. hyperandrogenism, insulin resistance), the increased risk could be to both boys and girls.STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: The Upstate KIDS cohort is a population-based birth cohort established in 2008-2010 to prospectively study the impact of infertility treatment on children's health. After similar to 10 years of follow-up, 446 mothers and their 556 children attended clinical visits to measure blood pressure (BP), heart rate, arterial stiffness by pulse wave velocity (PWV), mean arterial pressure, lipids, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and anthropometrics.PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Women self-reported ever diagnoses of PCOS similar to 4 months after delivery of their children in 2008-2010. Linear regression models applying generalized estimating equations to account for correlation within twins were used to examine associations with each childhood cardiometabolic outcome.MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: In this cohort with women oversampled on infertility treatment, similar to 14% of women reported a PCOS diagnosis (n = 61). We observed similarities in BP, heart rate, PWV, lipids, hsCRP, HbA1c, and anthropometry (P-values >0.05) among children born to mothers with and without PCOS. Associations did not differ by child sex.LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: The sample size of women with PCOS precluded further separation of subgroups (e.g. by hirsutism). The population-based approach relied on self-reported diagnosis of maternal PCOS even though self-report has been found to be valid. Participants were predominantly non-Hispanic White and a high proportion were using fertility treatment due to the original design. Differences in cardiometabolic health may be apparent later in age, such as after puberty.WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Our results provide some reassurance that cardiometabolic factors do not differ in children of women with and without self-reported PCOS during pregnancy.STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): Supported by the Intramural Research Program of the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, United States (contracts #HHSN275201200005C, #HHSN267200700019C, #HHSN275201400013C, #HHSN275201300026I/27500004, #HHSN275201300023I/27500017). The authors have no conflicts of interest.REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT03106493
Pre-eclampsia; Pre-eclampsia is a life-threatening disease of pregnancy unique to humans and a leading cause of maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. Women who survive pre-eclampsia have reduced life expectancy, with increased risks of stroke, cardiovascular disease and diabetes, while babies from a pre-eclamptic pregnancy have increased risks of preterm birth, perinatal death and neurodevelopmental disability and cardiovascular and metabolic disease later in life. Pre-eclampsia is a complex multisystem disease, diagnosed by sudden-onset hypertension (>20 weeks of gestation) and at least one other associated complication, including proteinuria, maternal organ dysfunction or uteroplacental dysfunction. Pre-eclampsia is found only when a placenta is or was recently present and is classified as preterm (delivery <37 weeks of gestation), term (delivery >= 37 weeks of gestation) and postpartum pre-eclampsia. The maternal syndrome of pre-eclampsia is driven by a dysfunctional placenta, which releases factors into maternal blood causing systemic inflammation and widespread maternal endothelial dysfunction. Available treatments target maternal hypertension and seizures, but the only 'cure' for pre-eclampsia is delivery of the dysfunctional placenta and baby, often prematurely. Despite decades of research, the aetiology of pre-eclampsia, particularly of term and postpartum pre-eclampsia, remains poorly defined. Significant advances have been made in the prediction and prevention of preterm pre-eclampsia, which is predicted in early pregnancy through combined screening and is prevented with daily low-dose aspirin, starting before 16 weeks of gestation. By contrast, the prediction of term and postpartum pre-eclampsia is limited and there are no preventive treatments. Future research must investigate the pathogenesis of pre-eclampsia, in particular of term and postpartum pre-eclampsia, and evaluate new prognostic tests and treatments in adequately powered clinical trials. Pre-eclampsia is a life-threatening disease of pregnancy and a leading cause of maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. This Primer by Dimitriadis and colleagues summarizes the epidemiology, mechanisms, diagnosis and treatment of pre-eclampsia, and discusses patient quality of life and open research questions for this condition.
Adropin - physiological and pathophysiological role; Adropin is a peptide hormone that was discovered in 2008 by Kumar et al. This protein consists of 76 amino acids, and it was originally described as a secreted peptide, with residues 1-33 encoding a secretory signal peptide sequence. The amino acid sequence of this protein in humans, mice and rats is identical. While our knowledge of the exact physiological roles of this poorly understood peptide continues to evolve, recent data suggest a role in energy homeostasis and the control of glucose and fatty acid metabolism. This protein is encoded by the Enho gene, which is expressed primarily in the liver and the central nervous system. The regulation of adropin secretion is controversial. Adropin immunoreactivity has been reported by several laboratories in the circulation of humans, non-human primates and rodents. However, more recently it has been suggested that adropin is a membrane-bound protein that modulates cell-cell communication. Moreover, adropin has been detected in various tissues and body fluids, such as brain, cerebellum, liver, kidney, heart, pancreas, small intestine, endothelial cells, colostrum, cheese whey and milk. The protein level, as shown by previous research, changes in various physiological and pathophysiological conditions. Adropin is involved in carbohydrate-lipid metabolism, metabolic diseases, central nervous system function, endothelial function and cardiovascular disease. The knowledge of this interesting protein, its exact role and mechanism of action is insufficient. This article provides an overview of the existing literature about the role of adropin, both in physiological and pathophysiological conditions.
Mitochondrial-derived peptides: Antidiabetic functions and evolutionary perspectives; Mitochondrial-derived peptides (MDPs) are a novel class of bioactive microproteins encoded by short openreading frames (sORF) in mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA). Currently, three types of MDPs have been identified: Humanin (HN), MOTS -c (Mitochondrial ORF within Twelve S rRNA type -c), and SHLP1-6 (small Humanin-like peptide, 1 to 6). The 12 S ribosomal RNA (MT-RNR1) gene harbors the sequence for MOTS -c, whereas HN and SHLP1-6 are encoded by the 16 S ribosomal RNA (MT-RNR2) gene. Special genetic codes are used in mtDNA as compared to nuclear DNA: (i) ATA and ATT are used as start codons in addition to the standard start codon ATG; (ii) AGA and AGG are used as stop codons instead of coding for arginine; (iii) the standard stop codon UGA is used to code for tryptophan. While HN, SHLP6, and MOTS -c are encoded by the H (heavy owing to high guanine + thymine base composition) -strand of the mtDNA, SHLP1-5 are encoded by the L (light owing to less guanine + thymine base composition) -strand. MDPs attenuate disease pathology including Type 1 diabetes (T1D), Type 2 diabetes (T2D), gestational diabetes, Alzheimer's disease (AD), cardiovascular diseases, prostate cancer, and macular degeneration. The current review will focus on the MDP regulation of T2D, T1D, and gestational diabetes along with an emphasis on the evolutionary pressures for conservation of the amino acid sequences of MDPs.
Evidence for transgenerational metabolic programming in <i>Drosophila</i>; Worldwide epidemiologic studies have repeatedly demonstrated an association between prenatal nutritional environment, birth weight and susceptibility to adult diseases including obesity, cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Despite advances in mammalian model systems, the molecular mechanisms underlying this phenomenon are unclear, but might involve programming mechanisms such as epigenetics. Here we describe a new system for evaluating metabolic programming mechanisms using a simple, genetically tractable Drosophila model. We examined the effect of maternal caloric excess on offspring and found that a high-sugar maternal diet alters body composition of larval offspring for at least two generations, augments an obese-like phenotype under suboptimal (high-calorie) feeding conditions in adult offspring, and modifies expression of metabolic genes. Our data indicate that nutritional programming mechanisms could be highly conserved and support the use of Drosophila as a model for evaluating the underlying genetic and epigenetic contributions to this phenomenon.
The Health Effects of Vitamin D and Probiotic Co-Supplementation: A Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials; Evidence of synergic health effects of co-supplementation with vitamin D and probiotics is emerging. Following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses PRISMA statement, scientific databases and the grey literature were searched, and a narrative review and risk of bias assessment were conducted. Seven randomized controlled trials were included, which had low risk of bias. Six studies were double-blind, and once single-blind, extended over 6-12 weeks, and included 50-105 participants. Conditions explored included schizophrenia, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease, polycystic ovarian syndrome, osteopenia, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), and infantile colic. Supplementation frequency was daily or bi-monthly, with mainly vitamin D3, and Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium, and Streptococcus. Comparators were placebo, vitamin D, lower vitamin D dose, and probiotics and lower vitamin D dose. The co-supplementation yielded greater health benefits than its comparators did in all studies except in one assessing IBS. Beneficial effects included decreased disease severity, improved mental health, metabolic parameters, mainly insulin sensitivity, dyslipidemia, inflammation, and antioxidative capacity, and lower use of healthcare. Co-supplementation of vitamin D and probiotics generated greater health benefits than its comparators did. More studies in other diseases and various populations are needed to confirm these findings and to elucidate the optimal form, composition, and frequency of this co-supplementation.
In-Hospital Outcomes in Pregnancy After Heart Transplantation; Although the number of successful pregnancies in heart transplantation (HT) recipients is increasing, data regarding outcomes after delivery are limited. The 2010 to 2015 Nationwide Inpatient Sample was queried to identify index hospitalizations for delivery in HT recipients. Adverse delivery events of HT patients were compared with those of women without history of HT or systolic heart failure (HF) undergoing delivery. Of 21,922,631 delivery hospitalizations, 94 hospitalizations were of HT recipients. Compared with women without a history of HF or HT, post-HT women had greater comorbidity burden, as evidenced by the Elixhauser Comorbidity Index (1.16 vs 0.24, p < 0.001), lower household incomes (p = 0.03), and were more likely to deliver at large hospitals (90% vs 58%, p = 0.02) and hospitals categorized as teaching institutions (100% vs 59%, p < 0.001). After adjustment for clinical variables, history of HT was significantly associated with increased incidence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio 6.97, p = 0.001) primarily driven by increased rates of preeclampsia, and induction of labor (odds ratio 3.18, p = 0.01). There were no differences in gestational diabetes, cesarean section, fetal growth restriction, fetal malformations, or preterm delivery (all p > 0.3). In conclusion, post-HT women have greater comorbidity burden and experience increased maternal risks compared with women without history of HT or systolic HF, including increased risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and need for induction. More studies are needed to improve obstetric care and maternal-fetal outcomes for the HT population. (C) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Correlates of the Metabolic Syndrome Among a Sample of Women in the San Juan Metropolitan Area of Puerto Rico; Background: The metabolic syndrome is an interaction of risk factors that may lead to cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Methods: Given the need for data in Puerto Rico, this cross-sectional study aimed to determine the association between demographic, lifestyles, and reproductive characteristics and the metabolic syndrome among a sample of women (N = 564) in the San Juan Metropolitan Area. The metabolic syndrome was defined based on the revised National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP ATP III) criteria. Results: In multivariate logistic regression models, women aged 40-59 and 60-79 years were 3.03 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.70, 5.40] and 7.05 (95% CI, 3.69, 13.49) times more likely, respectively, to have the metabolic syndrome as compared to those aged 21-39 years. A dose-response relationship was also observed between body mass index (BMI) and metabolic syndrome. Physical activity reduced the odds for metabolic syndrome [prevalence odds ratios (POR) = 0.64; 95% CI, 0.41, 1.01]; however, this association was marginally significant (P = 0.05). Among reproductive characteristics, only women who had a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) were 2.14 (95% CI, 1.02, 4.51) times more likely to have metabolic syndrome. Conclusions: Consistent with previous studies, increased age and BMI, physical inactivity, and GDM are associated with the metabolic syndrome in this population. This information is relevant for the development of preventive interventions for the metabolic syndrome.
PATHOPHYSIOLOGY OF POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN DISEASE - NEW INSIGHTS; The incidence of polycystic ovarian disease (PCOD) varies from 0.6 to 92%, depending on the parameters analysed, PCOD has been reported to appear in association with Cushing's Syndrome, adrenal hyperplasia, hypothyroidism, adrenal and ovarian tumours and some genetic abnormalities.  The controversy regarding the pathophysiological mechanism underlying the disease still persists.  Critical evaluation of old data, assessment of new findings concerning the possible role of insulin, growth factors and their binding proteins, and extrapolation of neuroendocrinological experiments enabled the construction of a concise hypothesis of the pathophysiology of PCOD.  According to this hypothesis, PCOD is a multifactorial disease.  The sequence of events finally leading to clinical manifestation of the disease (hyperandrogenism, abnormal luteinizing hormone pulsatility pattern and ovulation disturbances) may originate in different organs or be triggered by different mechanisms.  It may stem from the adrenals, the hypothalamus or higher central nervous system centres, or from the ovary itself; it may originate from excess of fat tissue usually combined with hyperinsulinism; or may be the result of a net increase in active growth factors.  Each of the above disturbances probably appears early in life, much before the clinical signs of the disease are evident.  Predisposing factors such as gestational diabetes of the mother, childhood obesity, borderline adrenal hyperplasia and late menarche have to be looked for as early as possible in order to prevent the late consequences of the disease, such as increased risk of infertility, endometrial and breast cancer and cardiovascular disease.
Diabetes and Alzheimer?s disease: association or cause; Diabetes is a chronic metabolic disease characterized by hyperglycaemia. It is categorized into three types: type-I diabetes (T1D), type-II diabetes (T2D) and gestational diabetes (GD). Alzheimer's disease (AD), a neurodegenerative disorder, is slowly gaining the attention of scientists due to its undeniable connectivity to diabetes. Multiple epidemiological studies have found a direct correlation between T2D and AD, with patients suffering from T2D developing AD-like symptoms at an advanced age. With a multitude of similar cellular and molecular mechanisms existing between the two diseases, AD can be categorized as 'Type-3 diabetes'.
Risks of Dysglycemia Over the First 4 Years After a Hypertensive Disorder of Pregnancy; Background: Women with the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (preeclampsia [PE] and gestational hypertension [GHTN]) have increased risks of future diabetes. Postpartum glycemic testing offers early identification and treatment of dysglycemia, but evidence-based recommendations for this high-risk population are lacking. The objective of this study was to describe the risks of developing dysglycemia in women with normotensive and hypertensive pregnancies over the first 4 years postpartum. Methods: The Discharge Abstract Database was used to identify women who delivered singleton live-born infants in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, between January 2010 and December 2012 (N=27,300). This was linked with Calgary Laboratory Services (for glycemic tests) and the Pharmaceutical Information Network databases (for antidiabetes medication prescriptions) over the first 4 years postpartum. Logistic regression analyses compared glycemic testing and results were adjusted for maternal age, gestational age, parity and the Pampalon deprivation index. Results: Women with HDP had more glycemic testing (GHTN 67.8% and PE 69.9% vs normotensive 60.9%; p<0.001) and significantly higher results for fasting plasma glucose (GHTN 4.82 +/- 0.51 mmol/L and PE 4.84 +/- 0.54 mmol/L vs normotensive 4.73 +/- 0.49 mmol/L; p<0.001), random plasma glucose (GHTN 5.20 +/- 0.96 mmol/ L and PE 5.39 +/- 1.71 mmol/L vs normotensive 5.00 +/- 0.87 mmol/L; p< 0.001) and glycated hemoglobin levels (PE 5.62 +/- 0.53% vs normotensive 5.49 +/- 0.32%; p<0.001). Women with HDP had a higher adjusted odds (95% confidence interval) of developing type 2 diabetes compared with normotensive women (GHTN: 2.26, 1.50 to 13.4; PE: 2.02, 0.91 to 4.46). Conclusions: The high prevalence of early dysglycemia highlights the importance of targeted postpartum glycemic testing in women after HDP. Further research on optimal glycemic testing (specific tests and timing) in these high-risk women is needed. (C) 2019 Canadian Diabetes Association.
Transient Hyperglycemia and Hypoxia Induce Memory Effects in AngiomiR Expression Profiles of Feto-Placental Endothelial Cells; Gestational diabetes (GDM) and preeclampsia (PE) are associated with fetal hyperglycemia, fetal hypoxia, or both. These adverse conditions may compromise fetal and placental endothelial cells. In fact, GDM and PE affect feto-placental endothelial function and also program endothelial function and cardiovascular disease risk of the offspring in the long-term. MicroRNAs are short, non-coding RNAs that regulate protein translation and fine tune biological processes. A group of microRNAs termed angiomiRs is particularly involved in the regulation of endothelial function. We hypothesized that transient hyperglycemia and hypoxia may alter angiomiR expression in feto-placental endothelial cells (fpEC). Thus, we isolated primary fpEC after normal, uncomplicated pregnancy, and induced hyperglycemia (25 mM) and hypoxia (6.5%) for 72 h, followed by reversal to normal conditions for another 72 h. Current vs. transient effects on angiomiR profiles were analyzed by RT-qPCR and subjected to miRNA pathway analyses using DIANA miRPath, MIENTURNET and miRPathDB. Both current and transient hypoxia affected angiomiR profile stronger than current and transient hyperglycemia. Both stimuli altered more angiomiRs transiently, i.e., followed by 72 h culture at control conditions. Pathway analysis revealed that hypoxia significantly altered the pathway 'Proteoglycans in cancer'. Transient hypoxia specifically affected miRNAs related to 'adherens junction'. Our data reveal that hyperglycemia and hypoxia induce memory effects on angiomiR expression in fpEC. Such memory effects may contribute to long-term adaption and maladaption to hyperglycemia and hypoxia.
The Early Origins of Later Obesity: Pathways and Mechanisms; Excess bodyweight is the sixth most important risk factor contributing to the overall burden of disease worldwide. In excess of a billion adults and 10% of all children are now classified as overweight or obese. The main adverse consequences of obesity are the metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes and a diminished average life expectancy. It has been argued that the complex pathological processes underlying obesity reflect environmental and genetic interactions, and individuals front disadvantaged communities seem to have greater risks than more affluent individuals partly because of fetal and postnatal programming interactions. Abundant evidence indicates that the obesity epidemic reflects progressive secular and age-related decreases in physical activity, together with passive over-consumption of energy dense foods despite neurobiological processes designed to regulate energy balance. The difficulty in treating obesity, however, highlights the deficits in our current understanding of the pathophysiology which underlies the initiation and chronic nature of this disorder. Large population based studies in Europe and North America in healthy women and in women with gestational diabetes have demonstrated that there are clear relationships between maternal and fetal nutrient Supply, fetal growth patterns and the Subsequent risk of obesity and glucose intolerance in childhood and adult life. In this review we discuss the impact of fetal nutrition on the biology of the developing adipocyte and brain and the growing evidence base supporting ail intergenerational cycle of obesity.
Systematic review: Impact of resveratrol exposure during pregnancy on maternal and fetal outcomes in animal models of human pregnancy complications-Are we ready for the clinic?; Resveratrol (RSV) has been reported to have potential beneficial effects in the complicated pregnancy. Various pregnancy complications lead to a suboptimal in utero environment that impacts fetal growth during critical windows of development. Detrimental structural changes to key organ systems in utero persist into adult life and predispose offspring to an increased risk of chronic non-communicable metabolic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes and obesity. The aim of this systematic review was to determine the effect of gestational RSV exposure on both maternal and fetal outcomes. Publicly available databases (n = 8) were searched for original studies reporting maternal and/or fetal outcomes after RSV exposure during pregnancy irrespective of species. Of the 115 studies screened, 31 studies were included in this review. RSV exposure occurred for different durations across a range of species (Rats n = 18, Mice n = 7, Japanese Macaques n = 3 and Sheep n = 3), models of complicated pregnancy (eg. maternal dietary manipulations, gestational diabetes, maternal hypoxia, teratogen exposure, etc.), dosages and administration routes. Maternal and fetal outcomes differed not only based on the model of complicated pregnancy assessed but also as a result of species. Given the heterogenic nature of these studies, further investigation assessing RSV exposure during the complicated pregnancy is warranted. In order to make an informed decision regarding the use of RSV to intervene in pregnancy complications, we suggest a minimum data set for consideration in future studies.
Obstructive sleep apnea in pregnancy and accompanying diseases; Aim: Obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS) chracterized by snoring, witnessed apnea and sleepiness in daytime. Snoring is frequent in pregnant women than non pregnancies. To our knowledge there is only one study about the relationship between pregnancy and OSAS in our country. So we decided to investigate the frequency of OSAS symptoms, habitual snoring, risk factors and systemic diseases in pregnant women. Materials and Methods: Fifty-four women with habitual snoring were suggested to take polysomnography. Thirty-four of them accepted to take polysomnography in Sleep Laboratury of the Pulmonary Clinics. Results: Mean age of the pregnancies were 27.4 +/- 5.3 (min17-max55), 103 (25.8) of them had snoring sometimes, 54 (13.4%) had habitual snoring. Age, neck circumference, body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressure were significantly higher in snoring pregnant women. Frequency of habitual snoring was significantly higher in third trimester than first and second trimester. Systemic diseases accompanying pregnancy with habitual snoring were preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and cardiac diseases. These were higher in snoring pregnant women. Habitual snoring increased the risk of diabetes 5 times, preeclamsia 9 times, cardiovascular disease 12 times in our study. Four patients (11.8%) of 34 women those were made polysomnography, had apnea-hypoapnea index (sic)5 and evaluated as OSAS. Conclusion: OSAS symptoms were higher in pregnant women. OSAS is related with pregnancy associated systemic diseases so all pregnant women should be evaluated for OSAS symptoms and should be made polysomnography if necessary.
Leptin in pregnancy: An update; Leptin influences satiety, adiposity, and metabolism and is associated with mechanisms regulating puberty onset, fertility, and pregnancy in various species. Maternal hyperleptinemia is a hallmark of mammalian pregnancy, although both the roles of leptin and the mechanisms regulating its synthesis appear to be taxa specific. in pregnant humans and nonhuman primates, leptin is produced by both maternal and fetal adipose tissues, as well as by the placental trophoblast. Specific receptors in the uterine endometrium, trophoblast, and fetus facilitate direct effects of the polypeptide on implantation, placental endocrine function, and conceptus development. A soluble isoform of the receptor may be responsible for inducing maternal leptin resistance during pregnancy and/or may facilitate the transplacental passage of leptin for the purpose of directly regulating fetal development. The steroid hormones are linked to the regulation of leptin and the leptin receptor and probably interact with other pregnancy-specific, serum-borne factors to regulate leptin dynamics during pregnancy. In addition to its effects on normal conceptus development, leptin is linked to mechanisms affecting a diverse array of pregnancy-specific pathologies that include preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and intrauterine growth restriction. Association with these anomalies and with mechanisms pointing to a fetal origin for a range of conditions affecting the individual's health in adult life, such as obesity, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease, reiterate the need for continued research dedicated to elucidating leptin's roles and regulation throughout gestation.
Diabetes and oral contraception; The prevalence of diabetes mellitus is increasing dramatically worldwide, resulting in more and more women of reproductive age being affected by either type 1 or type 2 diabetes. Management of contraception is a major issue due to the specific risks associated with pregnancy and those potentially induced by hormonal contraceptives in diabetic women. This review emphasizes the urgent need to improve the use of contraception in women with diabetes. There is no consistent evidence that combined oral contraceptives significantly influence the risk of developing diabetes, even in women with a history of gestational diabetes. Furthermore, although data from specific studies remain sparse, no worsening effect has been reported in diabetic women, either in glycemic control or on the course of microvascular complications. Thus, the use of estroprogestive pills is now recognized as a safe and effective option for preconception care of women with uncomplicated diabetes. According to recent guidelines, these contraceptives must be avoided in case of associated cardiovascular risk factors, cardiovascular disease or severe microvascular complications such as nephropathy with proteinuria or active proliferative retinopathy. Prescription of combined hormonal contraception in type 2 diabetic women must also be considered with caution due to a frequent association with obesity and vascular risk factors which increase both thromboembolic and arterial risks. Thanks to their metabolic and vascular safety profile, progestin-only contraceptives, as well as non-hormonal methods, represent alternatives according to patient wishes. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dyslipemias and pregnancy, an update; During pregnancy there is a physiological increase in total cholesterol (TC) and triglycerides (TG) plasma concentrations, due to increased insulin resistance, oestrogens, progesterone, and placental lactogen, although their reference values are not exactly known, TG levels can increase up to 300 mg/dL, and TC can go as high as 350 mg/dL. When the cholesterol concentration exceeds the 95th percentile (familial hypercholesterolaemia (FH) and transient maternal hypercholesterolaemia), there is a predisposition to oxidative stress in foetal vessels, exposing the newborn to a greater fatty streaks formation and a higher risk of atherosclerosis. However, the current treatment of pregnant women with hyperlipidaemia consists of a diet and suspension of lipid-lowering drugs. The most prevalent maternal hypertriglyceridaemia (HTG) is due to secondary causes, like diabetes, obesity, drugs, etc. The case of severe HTG due to genetic causes is less prevalent, and can be a higher risk of maternal-foetal complications, such as, acute pancreatitis (AP), pre-eclampsia, preterm labour, and gestational diabetes. Severe HTG-AP is a rare but potentially lethal pregnancy complication, for the mother and the foetus, usually occurs during the third trimester or in the immediate postpartum period, and there are no specific protocols for its diagnosis and treatment. In conclusion, it is crucial that dyslipidaemia during pregnancy must be carefully evaluated, not just because of the acute complications, but also because of the future cardiovascular morbidity and mortality of the newborn child. That is why the establishment of consensus protocols or guidelines is essential for its management. (C) 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. on behalf of Sociedad Espanola de Arteriosclerosis.
Psoriasis and medical ramifications: A comprehensive analysis based on observational meta-analyses; Purpose: Based on a large number of systematic reviews and meta-analyses exploring the relationship between psoriasis and various health outcomes, we conducted an comprehensive analysis to assess the strength and evidence for the association between psoriasis and medical end-point ramifications in patients. Methods: We searched related meta-analyses, investigating the links between psoriasis and medical ramifications from three databases. All summary effect sizes, 95% CIs, heterogeneity, and small-study effects in the included meta-analyses were recalculated. We assessed the methodological quality of included articles with the AMSTAR 2 tool and graded the epidemiological evidence. Subgroup analysis based on the severity of psoriasis and study design were also performed. Results: A total of 38 articles comprising 85 unique meta-analyses were included in this study. Although 69 outcomes were statistically significant, only 8 outcomes (nonvascular dementia, ulcerative colitis, pediatric dyslipidemia, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, fracture, multiple sclerosis, and schizophrenia) showed a high quality of epidemiological evidence. Conclusion: We found that psoriasis increased the risk of 69 health outcomes, and 8 outcomes were graded as high-quality evidence. No evidence was found that psoriasis was beneficial for any medical end point. However, to verify our results, more large-sample, multi-center prospective cohort studies are needed.
Development and validation of QDiabetes-2018 risk prediction algorithm to estimate future risk of type 2 diabetes: cohort study; OBJECTIVES To derive and validate updated QDiabetes-2018 prediction algorithms to estimate the 10 year risk of type 2 diabetes in men and women, taking account of potential new risk factors, and to compare their performance with current approaches. DESIGN Prospective open cohort study. SETTING Routinely collected data from 1457 general practices in England contributing to the QResearch database: 1094 were used to develop the scores and a separate set of 363 were used to validate the scores. PARTICIPANTS 11.5 million people aged 25-84 and free of diabetes at baseline: 8.87 million in the derivation cohort and 2.63 million in the validation cohort. METHODS Cox proportional hazards models were used in the derivation cohort to derive separate risk equations in men and women for evaluation at 10 years. Risk factors considered included those already in QDiabetes (age, ethnicity, deprivation, body mass index, smoking, family history of diabetes in a first degree relative, cardiovascular disease, treated hypertension, and regular use of corticosteroids) and new risk factors: atypical antipsychotics, statins,schizophrenia or bipolar affective disorder, learning disability, gestational diabetes, and polycystic ovary syndrome. Additional models included fasting blood glucose and glycated haemoglobin (HBA1c). Measures of calibration and discrimination were determined in the validation cohort for men and women separately and for individual subgroups by age group, ethnicity, and baseline disease status. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE Incident type 2 diabetes recorded on the general practice record. RESULTS In the derivation cohort, 178 314 incident cases of type 2 diabetes were identified during follow-up arising from 42.72 million person years of observation. In the validation cohort, 62 326 incident cases of type 2 diabetes were identified from 14.32 million person years of observation. All new risk factors considered met our model inclusion criteria. Model A included age, ethnicity, deprivation, body mass index, smoking, family history of diabetes in a first degree relative, cardiovascular disease, treated hypertension, and regular use of corticosteroids, and new risk factors: atypical antipsychotics, statins, schizophrenia or bipolar affective disorder, learning disability, and gestational diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome in women. Model B included the same variables as model A plus fasting blood glucose. Model C included HBA1c instead of fasting blood glucose. All three models had good calibration and high levels of explained variation and discrimination. In women, model B explained 63.3% of the variation in time to diagnosis of type 2 diabetes (R-2), the D statistic was 2.69 and the Harrell's C statistic value was 0.89. The corresponding values for men were 58.4%, 2.42, and 0.87. Model B also had the highest sensitivity compared with current recommended practice in the National Health Service based on bands of either fasting blood glucose or HBA1c. However, only 16% of patients had complete data for blood glucose measurements, smoking, and body mass index. CONCLUSIONS Three updated QDiabetes risk models to quantify the absolute risk of type 2 diabetes were developed and validated: model A does not require a blood test and can be used to identify patients for fasting blood glucose (model B) or HBA1c (model C) testing. Model B had the best performance for predicting 10 year risk of type 2 diabetes to identify those who need interventions and more intensive follow-up, improving on current approaches. Additional external validation of models B and C in datasets with more completely collected data on blood glucose would be valuable before the models are used in clinical practice.
Exercise in Pregnancy; Routine exercise should be recommended to healthy pregnant women after consultation with an obstetric provider. Even pregnant women who have not been exercising regularly can gradually increase their exercise during pregnancy. Regular exercise during pregnancy promotes overall wellness and helps maintain appropriate gestational weight gain and appropriate fetal weight gain. Exercise in pregnancy may also reduce hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes and may be associated with shorter first stage of labor and decreased risk for cesarean section. Exercise in pregnancy is safe for pregnant women and their fetuses and can have multiple health benefits.
THE GRAND MULTIPARA IN MODERN OBSTETRICS; From April 1985 to March 1986, 1,252 women were admitted for delivery at the Al Hada Armed Forces Hospital, Taif, Saudi Arabia.  Of these, 224 (17.9%) were grand multiparas (GM) defined as mothers of parity greater-than-or-equal-to 6.  History, labor and delivery as well as postpartum and neonatal courses were recorded using computerized records for later calculations.  The obstetric and perinatal outcome was calculated comparing the GMs to para-1 mothers and para-2-5 patients (P2-5), respectively.  The latter group being empirically considered as the 'ideal' patient group.  On comparing the GM group to that of P2-5, significantly higher frequencies of intercurrent diseases, especially diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes, were found.  Among GMs, transverse lie, primary uterine inertia, fetal heart rate abnormalities, failure to progress and postpartum hemorrhage were encountered significantly more often than in the other groups.  The incidence of placenta previa was likewise significantly increased among the GMs as was the number of cesarean sections, particularly those of the primary emergency type.  There was no maternal mortality.  The perinatal morbidity was significantly higher in the GM group.  However, no significant difference in perinatal mortality was found between the groups.  It is concluded that with few exceptions the GM can be safely delivered by means of modern obstetric management.
Intraabdominal fat, insulin sensitivity, and cardiovascular risk factors in postpartum women with a history of preeclampsia; OBJECTIVE: Women who develop preeclampsia have a higher risk of future cardiovascular disease and diabetes compared to women who have uncomplicated pregnancies. We hypothesized that women with prior preeclampsia would have increased visceral adiposity that would be a major determinant of their metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors. STUDY DESIGN: We compared intraabdominal fat (IAF) area, insulin sensitivity index (SI), fasting lipids, low-density lipoprotein relative flotation rate, and brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation in 49 women with prior preeclampsia and 22 controls who were at least 8 months postpartum and matched for age, parity, body mass index, and months postpartum. Women were eligible if they did not smoke tobacco, use hormonal contraception, have chronic hypertension, or have a history of gestational diabetes. RESULTS: The groups were similar for age (mean +/- SD: prior preeclampsia 33.4 +/- 6.6 vs control 34.6 +/- 4.3 years), parity (median: 1 for both), body mass index (26.7 +/- 5.9 vs 24.0 +/- 7.3 kg/m(2)), and months postpartum (median [25th-75th percentile]: 16 [13-38] vs 16.5 [13-25]). There were no significant differences in IAF area and SI. Despite this, women with preeclampsia had lower high-density lipoprotein (46.0 +/- 10.7 vs 51.3 +/- 9.3 mg/dL; P < .05), smaller/denser low-density lipoprotein relative flotation rate (0.276 +/- 0.022 vs 0.289 +/- 0.016; P = .02), higher systolic (114.6 +/- 10.9 vs 102.3 +/- 7.5 mm Hg) and diastolic (67.6 +/- 7.5 vs 60.9 +/- 3.6 mm Hg; P < .001) blood pressures, and impaired flow-mediated dilatation (4.5 [2-6.7] vs 8.8 [4.5-9.1] percent change, P < .05) compared to controls. In a subgroup analysis, women with nonsevere preeclampsia (n = 17) had increased IAF (98.3 [60.1-122.2]) vs 63.1 [40.1-70.7] cm(2); P = .02) and decreased S-I (4.18 [2.43-5.25] vs 5.5 [3.9-8.3] x 10(-5) min(-1)/pmol/L; P = .035) compared to the controls, whereas women with severe preeclampsia (n = 32) were not different for IAF and S-I. IAF was negatively associated with S-I and positively associated with cardiovascular risk factors even after adjusting for the matching variables and total body fat. CONCLUSION: Women with prior preeclampsia have an atherogenic lipid profile and endothelial dysfunction compared to matched control subjects despite having similar adiposity and insulin sensitivity, suggesting that there are mechanisms separate from obesity and insulin resistance that lead to their cardiovascular risk factors. Visceral adiposity may have a role in contributing to these risk factors in the subgroup of women who have preeclampsia without severe features.
Maternal Tdap vaccination: Coverage and acute safety outcomes in the vaccine safety datalink, 2007-2013; Introduction: Since October 2012, the combined tetanus toxoid, reduced diphtheria toxoid, acellular pertussis vaccine (Tdap) has been recommended in the United States during every pregnancy. Methods: In this observational study from the Vaccine Safety Datalink, we describe receipt of Tdap during pregnancy among insured women with live births across seven health systems. Using a retrospective matched cohort, we evaluated risks for selected medically attended adverse events in pregnant women, occurring within 42 days of vaccination. Using a generalized estimating equation, we calculated adjusted incident rate ratios (AIRR). Results: Our vaccine coverage cohort included 438,487 live births between January 1, 2007 and November 15, 2013. Across the coverage cohort, 14% received Tdap during pregnancy. By 2013, Tdap was administered during pregnancy in 41.7% of live births, primarily in the 3rd trimester. Our vaccine safety cohort included 53,885 vaccinated and 109,253 matched unvaccinated pregnant women. There was no increased risk for a composite outcome of medically attended acute adverse events within 3 days of vaccination. Similarly, across the safety cohort, over a 42 day window, incident neurologic events, thrombotic events, and new onset proteinuria did not differ by maternal receipt of Tdap. Among women receiving Tdap at 20 weeks gestation or later, as compared to their matched controls, there was no increased risk for gestational diabetes or cardiac events while venous thromboembolic events and thrombocytopenia were diagnosed within 42 days of vaccination at slightly decreased rates. Conclusion: Tdap coverage during pregnancy increased from 2007 through 2013, but was still below 50%. No acute maternal safety signals were detected in this large cohort. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fertility and pregnancy outcomes in women with Turner syndrome: A single centre experience; ObjectiveMany women with Turner syndrome (TS) will consider fertility options and pregnancy. We wished to examine the fertility and pregnancy outcomes in women with TS undergoing oocyte donation (OD) treatment or spontaneous pregnancy in a large single-centre cohort. General population reference data or data from those with idiopathic premature ovarian insufficiency were used as comparators.DesignA retrospective single-centre cross-sectional study.Patients and MeasurementsSeventy-four women with TS underwent OD treatment with a total of 105 pregnancies, and 31 women with TS had 71 spontaneous conceptions. Fertility outcomes included clinical pregnancy and live birth rate. Pregnancy outcomes included miscarriage rate, prevalence of hypertension, gestational diabetes, lower segment caesarean section (LSCS), small for gestational age (SGA), prematurity and vertical transmission of TS.ResultsIn those with TS, OD pregnancies were associated with increased rates of LSCS and SGA compared to spontaneous pregnancies; LSCS (OR: 4.19, 95% CI: 1.6-10.8, p = .003) and SGA (OR: 2.92, 95% CI: 1.02-8.38, p = .04). There were no recorded cardiac events but 5 (17.2%) cases of vertical transmissions of TS in daughters were identified. OD in those with TS was associated with a lower live birth rate per cycle started (OR: 0.53, 95% CI: 0.34-0.84, p = .008) and a higher rate of miscarriage compared to women with POI (40% vs. 26.2%, p = .04).ConclusionsWe show that pregnancy in women with TS, whether OD or spontaneously conceived, carries obstetric risks, and therefore, women with TS, considering pregnancy, should receive comprehensive pre-pregnancy counselling and optimal obstetric care.
Reproductive health factors in relation to risk of hypertension in postmenopausal women: Results from NHANES 2011-2014; Few studies have systematically assessed the relationship between multiple reproductive factors and hypertension, and these limited studies paid more attention to age at menarche and menopause, abortion, or the number of live births, and yielded controversial results. This study aimed to explore the relationship between reproductive health factors and hypertension from 5 aspects: history of menstruation, pregnancy, delivery, gynecological surgery, and reproductive-related medication use. We analyzed data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2011 to 2014. Data on reproductive factors were collected using a questionnaire survey. The associations between multiple reproductive factors and the risk of hypertension were assessed using multivariable logistic regression models. There were significant inverse associations between age at menopause (odds ratio [OR] = 0.984, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.971-0.998, P = .0234 per 1-year increase), age at first live birth (OR = 0.970, 95% CI: 0.944-0.998, P = .0346 per 1-year increase), age at last live birth (OR = 0.982, 95% CI: 0.964-0.999, P = .0488 per 1-year increase), and the risk of hypertension. In contrast, a positive association was found between the risk of hypertension and a history of gestational diabetes (OR = 1.693, 95% CI: 1.042-2.751, P = .0333), hysterectomy (OR = 1.398, 95% CI: 1.139-1.717, P = .0014), ovariectomy (OR = 1.374, 95% CI: 1.074-1.758, P = .0115), and birth control pill use (OR = 1.293, 95% CI: 1.035-1.616, P = .0236). Age at menopause but not menarche, is inversely associated with hypertension. A history of gestational diabetes, hysterectomy, ovariectomy, or birth control pills was associated with a higher risk of hypertension.
Fetal development in women with diabetes: imprinting for a life-time?; Objective: To test the hypothesis that fetal exposure to a hyperglycemic intrauterine environment in women with type 1 diabetes is associated with asymmetrically distributed excessive fetal growth and imprinting consistent with adverse health issues later in life. Methods: We report findings from a feasibility study on 19 young adults, born to mothers with type 1 diabetes. Long-term follow-up of the offspring in young adulthood included: oral glucose tolerance test, body mass index (BMI), dual X-ray absorptiometry, and blood pressure (BP). We report z-BMI and z-BP to account for varying gender and age. Results: The young adults born to women with diabetes averaged 19.9 years at follow-up; 37% were female, and 21% African American. Maternal glycohemoglobin A 1 concentration in the 2nd trimester was 9.2% for offspring born with asymmetric LGA and 7.5% for those born with symmetric LGA or AGA. There was significant correlation between maternal glucose control during pregnancy and fasting glucose, z-BMI and z-systolic BP in the young adults. Conclusion: The hyperglycemic intrauterine environment is associated with short-term morbidity, manifested as asymmetric LGA (the "fat" baby). In addition, increasing level of maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy is associated with increased adiposity and elevated fasting glucose in the young adult offspring.
A study of postpartum depression and maternal risk factors in Qatar; Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate the association between maternal complications and postpartum depression (PPD) among postpartum women in Qatar by using the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) as well as a structured questionnaire. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study of PPD of 1379 postpartum women within 6 months of delivery attending the primary healthcare centers of the State of Qatar. Results: The prevalence of PPD was 17.6% in the studied mothers. The results of the logistic regression analysis showed that the risk factors for PPD included various socio-demographic risk factors such as education, occupation, consanguinity and access to transportation. Amongst the maternal factors studied, history of unplanned pregnancy and infertility and other medical complications such as gestational diabetes, heart disease, threatened abortion and cesarean section were found to be risk factors for PPD. Amongst the postpartum women with maternal complications, items related to feeling scared and panicky and feeling sad and miserable were the most frequently reported symptoms of depression. These women were also more likely to be experiencing sleep difficulty (p=0.029) compared to women without maternal complications. Conclusion: While socio-demographic risk factors are well studied in the PPD literature, there is much less information on the impact of maternal complications on the psychological status of postpartum women. Postpartum women, especially those with maternal complications, need close screening and have quick access to mental healthcare within integrated reproductive health services.
Persistent Pulmonary Hypertension of the Newborn in Late Preterm and Term Infants in California; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: There are limited epidemiologic data on persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN). We sought to describe the incidence and 1-year mortality of PPHN by its underlying cause, and to identify risk factors for PPHN in a contemporary population-based dataset. METHODS: The California Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development maintains a database linking maternal and infant hospital discharges, readmissions, and birth and death certificates from 1 year before to 1 year after birth. We searched the database (2007-2011) for cases of PPHN (identified by International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision codes), including infants = 34 weeks' gestational age without congenital heart disease. Multivariate Poisson regression was used to identify risk factors associated with PPHN; results are presented as risk ratios, 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: Incidence of PPHN was 0.18% (3277 cases/1 781 156 live births). Infection was the most common cause (30.0%). One-year mortality was 7.6%; infants with congenital anomalies of the respiratory tract had the highest mortality (32.0%). Risk factors independently associated with PPHN included gestational age <37 weeks, black race, large and small for gestational age, maternal preexisting and gestational diabetes, obesity, and advanced age. Female sex, Hispanic ethnicity, and multiple gestation were protective against PPHN. CONCLUSIONS: This risk factor profile will aid clinicians identifying infants at increased risk for PPHN, as they are at greater risk for rapid clinical deterioration.
Frequency and clinical significance of placental histological lesions in an unselected population at or near term; Associations between specific placental histological abnormalities and obstetric outcomes are reported. However, most data are based either on high-risk cases or relate to case-control studies selected from those with abnormal placental histology findings, with the unavoidable biases that these approaches entail. This study reports the frequency of the several common, objective and predefined histological abnormalities of the placenta as identified by pathologists blinded to all clinical information. A total 1,153 women were recruited from an unselected population delivering at 34-43 weeks. Histological findings in common obstetric outcome groups were compared to those of the unselected population, and odds ratios and predictive values were calculated. Normal histological findings were present in 72.1% of pregnancies with normal outcomes and in 79.1%, 66.6%, 80%, and 74.8% of pregnancies affected by pre-eclampsia (PET), pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), gestational diabetes (GDM), and small for gestational age (SGA), respectively. Chronic placental underperfusion was seen more frequently in PIH (odds ratio (OR) 2) and SGA (OR 1.4), while villitis of unknown aetiology was observed more commonly in cases with PIH (OR 3.2). Fetal thrombotic vasculopathy was twice as common in cases with GDM whilst massive perivillous fibrin deposition was much more frequent in those with PET (OR 20.2) and SGA (OR 8.9). Chorangiomata were 13 times more common in pregnancies with PET. However, in all cases, positive predictive values were low, with the majority of cases with histological abnormalities being associated with normal outcome. At term, specific placental histological lesions are significantly more common in complicated pregnancies, but the clinical significance of such lesions in a specific case remains uncertain, since the majority will be identified from clinically uncomplicated normal pregnancies.
Biological and Behavioral Pathways From Prenatal Depression to Offspring Cardiometabolic Risk: Testing the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease Hypothesis; Given prior literature focused on the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease framework, there is strong rationale to hypothesize that reducing depression in the prenatal period will cause improvements in offspring cardiometabolic health. The current review outlines evidence that prenatal depression is associated with offspring cardiometabolic risk and health behaviors. We review evidence of these associations in humans and in nonhuman animals at multiple developmental periods, from the prenatal period (maternal preeclampsia, gestational diabetes), neonatal period (preterm birth, small size at birth), infancy (rapid weight gain), childhood and adolescence (high blood pressure, impaired glucose-insulin homeostasis, unfavorable lipid profiles, abdominal obesity), and into adulthood (diabetes, cardiovascular disease). In addition to these cardiometabolic outcomes, we focus on health behaviors associated with cardiometabolic risk, such as child eating behaviors, diet, physical activity, and sleep health. Our review focuses on child behaviors (e.g., emotional eating, preference for highly palatable foods, short sleep duration) and parenting behaviors (e.g., pressuring child to eat, modeling of health behaviors). These changes in health behaviors may be detected before changes to cardiometabolic outcomes, which may allow for early identification of and prevention for children at risk for poor adult cardiometabolic outcomes. We also discuss the methods of the ongoing Care Project, which is a randomized clinical trial to test whether reducing prenatal maternal depression improves offspring's cardiometabolic health and health behaviors in preschool. The goal of this review and the Care Project are to inform future research, interventions, and policies that support prenatal mental health and offspring cardiometabolic health.
Metabolic syndrome in childhood; The so-called epidemic of childhood obesity has increased the interest in the metabolic syndrome (MS) due to the potential projection into adulthood. Prevalence of the MS in adolescents has been estimated to be 6.7% in young adults and 4.2% in adolescents. Figures rise up to 28.7% in overweight and obese adolescents. The most widely accepted hypothesis links the syndrome to obesity. In the Bogalusa study, the best predictors were obesity and being in the upper quartile of basal insulin levels. Ethnic and genetic factors play a role in order to explain the syndrome in the non-obese population and the differences of interobesity. The relationship between MS and type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease is well established in adults. This association can be suggested in children as well, although the syndrome in childhood urgently needs to be clearly defined. In this age group, it is also of great interest to identify diagnosis criteria of the so-called pre-MS. Detection of the syndrome focuses mainly on obese and overweight young people. Other population groups such as newborns with low or high birth weight, infants with accelerated growth, or children of obese or with gestational diabetes mothers are at a higher risk of developing peripheral insulin resistance. The measurement of abdominal circumference can be a useful screening tool. Physical exercise and restriction of saturated and trans fatty acids are basic for treatment. If reducing weight is necessary, a reduction of carbohydrate intake, especially for refined sugars, must be emphasised. Dietary fibre improves insulin sensitivity.
Clinical Outcomes in High-Risk Pregnancies Due to Advanced Maternal Age; Although the influence of advanced maternal age (AMA) and delayed childbearing on adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes has been studied extensively, no universal consensus on the definition of AMA exists. This terminology currently refers to the later years of a woman's reproductive life span and generally applies to women age >= 35 years. AMA increases the risk of pregnancy complications, including ectopic pregnancy, spontaneous abortion, fetal chromosomal abnormalities, congenital anomalies, placenta previa and abruption, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and cesarean delivery. Such complications could be the cause of preterm birth and increase the risk of perinatal mortality. For women who have a chronic illness, pregnancy may lead to additional risk that demands increased monitoring or surveillance. The management of pregnant women of AMA requires understanding the relationship between age and preexisting comorbidities. The outcomes from pregnancy in AMA may have a negative impact on women's health as they age because of both the changes from the pregnancy itself and the increased risk of pregnancy-related complications. Postpartum depression affects women of AMA at higher rates. Links between preeclampsia and the risk of future development of cardiovascular disease require follow-up surveillance. The association between hypertensive pregnancy disorders and cognitive and brain functions needs further investigation of sex-specific risk factors across the life span. Educating providers and women of AMA is crucial to facilitate clinical decision making and such education should consider cultural influences, risk perception, and women's health literacy, as well as providers' biases and system issues.
Cardiovascular function in 8-to 9-year-old singletons born after ART with frozen and fresh embryo transfer; STUDY QUESTION Do 8- to 9-year-old singletons conceived after frozen embryo transfer (FET) or fresh embryo transfer (Fresh-ET) have increased arterial stiffness compared to naturally conceived (NC) children? SUMMARY ANSWER The process of FET or Fresh-ET is not associated with altered cardiovascular function in 8- to 9-year-old singletons, including arterial stiffness, as compared to NC children. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY ART has been suggested to influence cardiovascular risk factors (i.e. endothelial dysfunction, increased arterial blood pressure and insulin resistance). It is not known if ART procedures alter arterial stiffness in singletons. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION A cohort study was carried out, including 8- to 9-year-old singletons conceived after FET, Fresh-ET and NC children (50 children in each group). This study was conducted between November 2018 and August 2020. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS In total, 150 singletons were identified through the Danish IVF Registry and the Medical Birth Registry. They underwent cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (CMR) and anthropometric measurements. Parental data were collected using questionnaires. NC children were matched by sex and birth year with FET/Fresh-ET children. Exclusion criteria were congenital heart disease, maternal gestational diabetes or maternal diabetes mellitus. Our primary outcome was arterial stiffness, which is assessed from noninvasive arterial blood pressure and aortic ascendens distensibility. The secondary outcome was the pulse wave velocity of total aorta and exploratory outcomes were left ventricular ejection fraction, mean arterial pressure, cardiac output and total peripheral resistance. Measurements and analyses were performed blinded to the child group. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE Aortic ascendens distensibility of children conceived after FET and Fresh-ET did not differ from NC children (mean (SD): FET 11.1 (3.6) 10(-3) mmHg(-1), Fresh-ET 11.8 (3.0) 10(-3) mmHg(-1), NC 11.4 (2.8) 10(-3) mmHg(-1), P > 0.05). Multivariate linear regression was performed to adjust for potential confounders (i.e. child sex and age, maternal BMI at early pregnancy and maternal educational level). Data showed no statistically significant differences between study groups and aortic ascendens distensibility. However, the fully adjusted model showed a non-significant tendency of lowered aortic ascendens distensibility in children born after FET compared to Fresh-ET (beta estimate (95% CI): -0.99 10(-3) mmHg(-1) (-2.20; 0.21)) and NC children (beta estimate (95% CI): -0.77 10(-3) mmHg(-1) (-1.98; 0.44)). Lastly, secondary and exploratory outcomes did not differ between the groups. Primary and secondary outcomes showed good intra-rater reliability. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION This study is possibly limited by potential selection bias as the participation rate was higher in the ART compared to the NC group. Also, in some variables, the study groups differed slightly from the non-participant population. The non-participant population (n = 1770) included those who were excluded, not invited to CMR scan, or declined to participate in this study. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS Our findings indicate that children born after FET or Fresh-ET do not have altered cardiovascular function, including arterial stiffness. This is reassuring for the future use of ART. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S) This study was funded by the Novo Nordisk Foundation (grant reference number: NNF19OC0054340) and The Research Foundation of Rigshospitalet. All authors declared no conflict of interests.
Impact of maternal height, weight at presentation and gestational weight gain on cardiac adaptation in pregnancy; Objective To compare longitudinal maternal hemodynamic changes throughout gestation between different groups stratified according to weight at presentation and assess the relative influence of height, weight at presentation and gestational weight gain on cardiac adaptation. Methods This was a prospective, longitudinal study assessing maternal hemodynamics using bioreactance technology at 11 + 0 to 13 + 6, 19 + 0 to 24 + 0, 30 + 0 to 34 + 0 and 35 + 0 to 37 + 0 weeks' gestation. Women were divided into three groups according to maternal weight at presentation at the first visit at 11 + 0 to 13 + 6 weeks: Group 1, < 60.0 kg (n = 421); Group 2, 60.0-79.7 kg (n = 904); Group 3, > 79.7 kg (n = 427). A multilevel linear mixed-effects model was used to compare the repeated measures of hemodynamic variables, correcting for demographics, medical and obstetric history, pregnancy complications, maternal weight and time of evaluation. The linear mixed-effects model was then repeated using maternal height, weight at presentation and gestational weight gain Z-scores, and the standardized coefficients were used to evaluate the relative impact of each of these demographic parameters on longitudinal changes of maternal hemodynamics. Results Compared with Group 1, women in Group 3 demonstrated higher cardiac output (CO), heart rate (HR) and mean arterial pressure (MAP) throughout pregnancy. Groups 2 and 3 had higher stroke volume (SV) than Group 1 at the first visit, but their SV plateaued between the first and second visits and demonstrated an earlier significant decrease from the second visit to the third visit when compared with Group 1. Compared with Groups 1 and 2, there was a higher prevalence of pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes in Group 3. Maternal height was the most important contributor to CO, peripheral vascular resistance (PVR), SV and HR, while weight at presentation was the most important contributor to MAP. Gestational weight gain was the second most important characteristic influencing the longitudinal changes of PVR and SV. Conclusions Women with greater weight at presentation have a pathological hemodynamic profile, with higher CO, HR and MAP compared to women with lower weight at presentation. Height is the main determinant of CO, SV, HR and PVR, weight is the main determinant of MAP, and gestational weight gain is the second most important determinant of SV and PVR. (c) 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Executive summary of the DAROC clinical practice guidelines for diabetes care-2018 Diabetes Association of the Republic of China (Taiwan); It is estimated that there were 1.73-2.20 million people with diabetes in Taiwan in 2014-2015. The executive summary briefly introduced recommendations from the Diabetes Association of Republic of China (DAROC) clinical practice guidelines for diabetes care- 2018. We described the diagnostic criteria for diabetes, pre-diabetes and gestational diabetes, and the screening methods for diabetes in asymptomatic subjects. Treatment goals for adults with diabetes, older adults with diabetes, children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes, women with gestational diabetes and inpatients were recommended. For people with type 2 diabetes, we suggested an algorithm including lifestyle modification, weight control, as well as the consideration and selection of anti-diabetic medications. Besides, we also recommended laboratory tests for metabolic monitoring, examinations for the screening of diabetic complications and the suggested testing intervals for these tests and examinations. Copyright (C) 2019, Formosan Medical Association. Published by Elsevier Taiwan LLC.
Effects of Mindfulness-Based Interventions on Cardiometabolic-Related Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; BackgroundGrowing evidence suggests maternal stress contributes to the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes that are associated with cardiovascular and cardiometabolic risk in birthing persons. Mindfulness-based interventions may positively affect psychological stress in pregnancy and, in turn, reduce stress. However, few study authors have examined the effects of mindfulness-based interventions on adverse pregnancy outcomes that heighten cardiovascular risk.ObjectiveThe aim of this study was to appraise available literature examining the effects of mindfulness-based interventions delivered during pregnancy on adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with future cardiovascular and cardiometabolic disease risk.MethodsIn this systematic review, multiple electronic databases were searched using major keywords, including "mindfulness-based intervention," "pregnancy," "preterm delivery," "gestational diabetes," "small for gestational age," "preeclampsia," and "hypertension in pregnancy" during February 2023.ResultsSix studies using mindfulness-based interventions during pregnancy were included. The review indicated that these interventions were largely effective at reducing prenatal stress; however, the overall effects of interventions were mixed concerning their impact on pregnancy complications. Study authors examining the effects on gestational diabetes-related outcomes reported significant improvements in blood glucose levels, hemoglobin A1c, and oral glucose tolerance. Outcomes were mixed or inconclusive related to the effects of interventions on the incidence of preterm birth, birth of a small-for-gestational-age newborn, and preeclampsia.ConclusionsMitigating cardiovascular and cardiometabolic risk-associated adverse pregnancy outcomes through mindfulness-based approaches may represent an emerging field of study. The few studies and limited, mixed findings synthesized in this review indicate that high-validity studies are warranted to examine the effects of mindfulness-based interventions on pregnancy complications that contribute to cardiovascular-related maternal morbidity and suboptimal life course health for diverse birthing persons.
Physical activity throughout pregnancy is key to preventing chronic disease; According to The Developmental Origins of Health and Disease theory, the intrauterine environment of the developing fetus may impact later life physiology, including susceptibility to chronic disease conditions. Maternal exposures during pregnancy can affect the intrauterine environment and result in fetal programming for chronic diseases through changes in the structure or function of specific organs. Negative maternal exposures, such as poor nutrition intake, have been shown to increase the risk for later life chronic diseases. On the contrary, healthful behaviors, such as physical activity, may have a positive and protective effect against chronic disease risk. This narrative review summarizes literature to discuss the potential preventative role prenatal physical activity may have on prevalent chronic diseases: obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. We describe the natural physiological response to pregnancy that may increase the risk for complications and consequently later life disease for both mother and baby. We then present evidence highlighting the role prenatal exercise may have in preventing pregnancy complications and downstream chronic disease development, as well as proposing potential mechanisms that may explain the protective maternal and fetal physiological response to exercise. As the prevalence of these non-communicable diseases increase globally, intervening during pregnancy with an effective exercise intervention may be the key to preventing chronic disease risk in more than one generation.
Cardiovascular profile of pharmacological agents used for the management of polycystic ovary syndrome; Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have an adverse metabolic profile with an increased risk of prediabetes and type 2 diabetes (T2DM); however, it is unclear if PCOS is associated with increased cardiovascular events in later years independent of the presence of T2DM. Many therapies have been used to treat the differing facets of PCOS, including those for menstrual irregularity, hirsutism, acne and anovulatory infertility. The aim of this review was to evaluate the cardiovascular profiles associated with the medications used in the management of PCOS and evaluate whether they have cardiovascular benefit, detriment or are neutral. The medications reviewed include oral contraceptive pills, antiandrogens, clomiphene and drugs specifically used in diabetes therapy; metformin, glitazones, dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitors and glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists. This review concludes that therapies that are used to treat these patients appear not to add to the cardiovascular risk and that there is no evidence that any interventional medical therapy may prevent the onset of diabetes in patients with PCOS, though in the case of metformin, this agent may be beneficial in preventing development of gestational diabetes.
Visfatin Reduces Gap Junction Mediated Cell-to-Cell Communication in Proximal Tubule-Derived Epithelial Cells; Background/Aims: In the current study we examined if the adipocytokine, visfatin, alters connexin-mediated intercellular communication in proximal tubule-derived epithelial cells. Methods: The effects of visfatin (10-200ng/mL) on cell viability and cytotoxicity in HK2-cells were assessed by MTT, crystal violet and lactate dehydrogenase assays. Western blot analysis was used to confirm expression of Cx26, Cx40 and Cx43. The effect of visfatin (10-200ng/mL) on TGF-beta 1 secretion was confirmed by ELISA, and the effects of both TGF-beta 1 (2-10ng/mL) and visfatin (10-200ng/mL) on connexin expression were assessed by western blot. Functional intercellular communication was determined using transfer of Lucifer Yellow and pairedwhole cell patch clamp electrophysiology. Results: In low glucose (5mM), visfatin (10-200ng/mL) did not affect membrane integrity, cytotoxicity or cell viability at 48hrs, but did evoke a concentration-dependent reduction in Cx26 and Cx43 expression. The expression of Cx40 was unaffected. At 48hrs, visfatin (10-200ng/mL) increased the secretion of TGF-beta 1 and the visfatin-evoked changes in connexin expression were mimicked by exogenous application of the pro-fibrotic cytokine (2-10ng/ml). Visfatin reduced dye transfer between coupled cells and decreased functional conductance, with levels falling by 63% as compared to control. Although input resistance was increased following visfatin treatment by 166%, the change was not significant as compared to control. The effects of visfatin on Cx-expression and cellcoupling were blocked in the presence of a TGF-beta 1 specific neutralizing antibody. Conclusions: The adipocytokine visfatin selectively evoked a non-toxic reduction in connexin expression in HK2-cells. The loss in gap-junction associated proteins was mirrored by a loss in functional conductance between coupled cells. Visfatin increased TGF-beta secretion and the pattern of change for connexins expression was mimicked by exogenous application of TGF-beta 1. The effect of visfatin on Cx-expression and dye transfer were negated in the presence of a TGF-beta 1 neutralising antibody. These data suggest that visfatin reduces connexin-mediated intercellular communication in proximal tubule-derived epithelial cells via a TGF-beta dependent pathway. Copyright (C) 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel
Pregnancy Complications in Women with Weight Loss Surgery Compared to a Non-Surgical Population of Women with Obesity; Background The objective of this study was to assess the effect of WLS on pregnancy and delivery complications in women who had WLS compared to women with obesity who did not undergo WLS. Methods We used the National Inpatient Sample data from 2012 to 2017, with a study population of women between the ages of 20 and 44 who had a maternal admission code in the NIS data (n = 663,795). Weighted logistic regression models were fitted and the models were stratified by race. Covariates included age, race, primary payer, previous cesarean delivery, physical health comorbidities, and depression. Results There were decreased odds of gestational diabetes in women of all races (aOR(all) = 0.47, 95% CIall = 0.44-0.49). There were decreased odds for gestational hypertension in women of all races (aOR(all) = 0.55, 95% CIall = 0.51-0.59). Compared to women who did not have WLS, there were lower odds of cesarean delivery among women with a history of WLS (aOR(all) = 0.62, 95% CIall = 0.60-0.65), which was true for White women, Black women, and Latinas with a history of WLS (aOR(White) = 0.57, 95% CIWhite = 0.53-0.60; aOR(Black) = 0.67, 95% CIBlack = 0.61-0.74; aOR(Latina) = 0.71, 95% CILatina = 0.64-0.78). Conclusions Overall, women with history of WLS had lower odds of most of the pregnancy outcomes (gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, and cesarean delivery) with results mediated by race.
A review of the safety of clozapine during pregnancy and lactation; Clozapine is an antipsychotic used in the management of treatment-resistant schizophrenia. However, little is known about clozapine use during pregnancy and lactation, or its impact on the mother, foetus, and infant. This review aims to summarize the available literature on the safety of clozapine use during the perinatal period. EMBASE, PsycINFO, and MEDLINE were searched from their inceptions through June 2016. The review encompasses 21 studies that have examined clozapine use during pregnancy and lactation. The limited available data do not support an increased risk of congenital malformations in foetuses exposed to clozapine during pregnancy, though rates of gestational diabetes are twice as high in pregnant women using clozapine. Clozapine accumulation in foetal serum possibly contributes to increased rates of floppy infant syndrome at delivery, decreased foetal heart rate variability, and seizures in infancy. Clozapine crosses the placenta and also accumulates in breast milk, which may increase the risk of agranulocytosis in infants and may necessitate infant testing. The majority of these data come from case reports and case series, making it unclear if the published risks associated with clozapine are due to mental illness, lifestyle factors, or co-treatment with other psychotropic medications. While the available literature on clozapine use during the perinatal period is very limited, the risks of clozapine use during pregnancy and the postpartum period should be discussed with women and weighed against those associated with other treatments and partially or untreated schizophrenia.
D-chiro inositol phosphoglycans in preeclampsia: Where are we, where are we going?; Preeclampsia results from a complex interaction between immunological alterations, endothelial dysfunction, and insulin resistance. Inositol second messengers are known to be involved in metabolic signaling and are highly expressed during preeclampsia. In the past two decades, several studies were published on different aspects where these molecules are involved. It appears that maternal increase of IPG-P content in all tissues and fluids reflects an increased production of inositol mediators on the fetal side in preeclampsia. This comprehensive review of findings shows a possible role for these molecules as a link between metabolism, immunology, vascular alterations, predisposition to seizures, and cardiovascular disease later in life.
Prevalence and determinants of ideal cardiovascular health in a latin women cohort: a cross-sectional study; Background: Ideal cardiovascular health (CVH) sought to reduce cardiovascular (CV) morbidity and mortality. In Chile, CV mortality in women is high. The study's main aim was to determine the prevalence of ideal CVH, and the factors and behaviors associated with ideal CVH in women from Santiago de Chile. Methods: Cross-sectional study in women between 35 - 70 years old who were selected through a probabilistic, multistage, and geographically stratified sampling. The study included a survey on demographic and CV risk factors and anthropometric, blood pressure, and biochemical measurements. Three categories were used to characterize low (0-2), intermediate (3-4), and high (5-7) levels of AHA's Ideal CVH index. We assessed the prevalence of ideal CVH by age, education level, and socioeconomic status and determined the independent associations of different variables with ideal CVH. Findings: 620 women, mean age 51 +/- 4 years old, were recruited. Ideal CVH prevalence was 14.3%; none of the women presented an ideal healthy diet, and only 22.6% reached an ideal BMI. The best predictors of ideal CVH were a high education level (OR= 2.85; 1.43 to 5.92; p < 0.01), having less than two alcoholic drinks per day (OR= 4.09; 1.60 to 13.77; p<0.01), and having a pregnancy history without preeclampsia and/or gestational diabetes (OR=1.94; 1.07 to 3.71; p=0.04). Interpretation: This study demonstrates a low ideal CVH prevalence in Chilean women. Education level was a significant factor associated with ideal CVH. But also, women-specific risk factors, such as a history of preeclampsia/gestational diabetes, and alcohol consumption, were important factors related to CVH. Funding: This study was supported by grants from Fundacion SOCHICAR de la Sociedad Chilena de Cardiologia y Cirugia Cardiovascular, the American Heart Association and an unrestricted grant by TEVA Pharmaceuticals. (c) 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Risk factors for necrotizing enterocolitis in neonates: A meta-analysis; ObjectiveThe objective is to identify the risk factors for necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) in neonates by a meta-analysis, and to provide a reference for the prevention of NEC. MethodsThe databases, including Chinese Biomedical Literature Datebase, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Wanfang database, and Weipu Periodical database, PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, Cochrane Library, were searched for studies on the risk factors for NEC in neonates. The meta-analysis was carried out with the aid of Stata software. ResultsA total of 52 studies were included, with 48 case-control studies and 4 cohort studies. There were 166,580 neonates in total, with 33,522 neonates in the case group and 133,058 neonates in the control group. The meta-analysis showed that gestational diabetes (OR = 3.62, 95% CI:1.77-7.41), premature rupture of membranes (OR = 3.81, 95% CI:1.16-12.52), low birth weight (OR = 3.00, 95% CI:2.26-3.97), small for gestational age (OR = 1.85, 95% CI:1.15-2.97), septicemia (OR = 4.34, 95% CI:3.06-6.15), blood transfusion (OR = 3.08, 95% CI:2.16-4.38), congenital heart disease (OR = 2.73, 95% CI:1.10-6.78), respiratory distress syndrome (OR = 2.12, 95% CI:1.24-3.63), premature birth (OR = 5.63, 95% CI:2.91-10.92), pneumonia (OR = 4.07, 95% CI:2.84-5.82) were risk factors for NEC in neonates. Breastfeeding (OR = 0.37, 95% CI:0.23-0.59), take probiotics (OR = 0.30, 95% CI:0.22-0.40), prenatal use of glucocorticoids (OR = 0.39, 95% CI:0.30-0.50), Hyperbilirubinemia (OR = 0.28, 95% CI:0.09-0.86) were protective factors for NEC in neonates. ConclusionsGestational diabetes, premature rupture of membranes, low birth weight, small for gestational age, septicemia, blood transfusion, congenital heart disease, respiratory distress syndrome, premature birth, and pneumonia may increase the risk of NEC in neonates. Breastfeeding, taking probiotics, prenatal use of glucocorticoids, and Hyperbilirubinemia may reduce the risk of NEC in neonates.
Adaptation of Maternal-Fetal Physiology to Exercise in Pregnancy: The Basis of Guidelines for Physical Activity in Pregnancy; Only 50 years ago obstetric care providers and women had many concerns regarding whether exercise during pregnancy created a harmful competition for substrate resources between the fetus and the mother. Animal and human research in the past 50 years, which includes acute and chronic aerobic exercise during pregnancy, has a reassuring margin of safety throughout gestation in women. Maternal physiology adapts to pregnancy changes involving the cardiorespiratory and glucometabolic alterations. Due to these changes, pregnant women have slight differences in response to acute exercise sessions. Chronic exposure to aerobic exercise before and during pregnancy is associated with numerous maternal and neonatal adaptations which may have short-and long-term benefits to maternal and child health. On the basis of the consistent evidence of safety of exercise during pregnancy, multiple nations and health care organizations, including the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology, recommend moderate exercise for 20 to 30 minutes most days of the week. Despite the 15 to 20 years since the first recommendations were made, only 10% to 15% of pregnant women meet this recommendation. It seems there may be 2 foci for failure to achieve these exercise recommendations: patient specific and culturally driven and/or obstetric provider not recommending regular exercise due to lack of knowledge or motivation. This article addresses the provider knowledge by a review of the normal (at rest) physiologic adaptation to pregnancy. Then, we provide a detailed description of the type and intensity of controlled experiments that document the safety of exercise during pregnancy. The short-and long-term benefits are reviewed, including the safety in moderate-risk women.
Maternal Hyperleptinemia Is Associated with Male Offspring's Altered Vascular Function and Structure in Mice; Children of mothers with gestational diabetes have greater risk of developing hypertension but little is known about the mechanisms by which this occurs. The objective of this study was to test the hypothesis that high maternal concentrations of leptin during pregnancy, which are present in mothers with gestational diabetes and/or obesity, alter blood pressure, vascular structure and vascular function in offspring. Wildtype (WT) offspring of hyperleptinemic, normoglycemic, Lepr(db/+) dams were compared to genotype matched offspring of WT-control dams. Vascular function was assessed in male offspring at 6, and at 31 weeks of age after half the offspring had been fed a high fat, high sucrose diet (HFD) for 6 weeks. Blood pressure was increased by HFD but not affected by maternal hyperleptinemia. On a standard diet, offspring of hyperleptinemic dams had outwardly remodeled mesenteric arteries and an enhanced vasodilatory response to insulin. In offspring of WT but not Leprdb/+ dams, HFD induced vessel hypertrophy and enhanced vasodilatory responses to acetylcholine, while HFD reduced insulin responsiveness in offspring of hyperleptinemic dams. Offspring of hyperleptinemic dams had stiffer arteries regardless of diet. Therefore, while maternal hyperleptinemia was largely beneficial to offspring vascular health under a standard diet, it had detrimental effects in offspring fed HFD. These results suggest that circulating maternal leptin concentrations may interact with other factors in the pre- and post-natal environments to contribute to altered vascular function in offspring of diabetic pregnancies.
Severe Alkalemia and hypokalemia after chronic exposure to alkaline water; Consumption of alkaline electrolyzed water (AEW) has become increasingly popular for consumer use. Although these alkaline water products are now commonly used, they are of questionable health benefit. Some individuals believe that it may help their dyspepsia. Furthermore, there is a paucity of evidence on its toxicologic profile and adverse effects. This is a single case report of a 42 -year -old female with a past medical history of gestational diabetes, necrotizing pancreatitis, presented to the Emergency Department for 3 weeks of lethargy, weakness, difficulty walking, and vomiting. She endorsed consuming 5 liters (L) of alkaline water daily for the past month. Initial labs showed pH 7.69, potassium 1.6meQ/L, sodium 133 meQ/L, chloride 65 mmol/L, magnesium 0.9 meQ/L, and bicarbonate 46 mmol/L, and lactate of 13.2 mmol/L. EKG showed sinus tachycardia with QTc of 630 milliseconds. Patient was treated supportively with intravenous fluids and electrolyte replacement. The potassium rose to 6.6 meQ/L, which then the patient was treated for hyperkalemia. After four days of intravenous fluid and electrolyte replacement, the patient's electrolytes and acid -base status normalized, and she was transferred to the medical floors for further management. This case report illustrates severe metabolic alkalosis and hypokalemia in the setting of chronic alkaline water exposure. It also is an example of alkalemia with hyperlactatemia, or "lactic alkalosis". To our knowledge, there is no previous literature reporting serious adverse effects of alkaline bottled water products. (c) 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Will feeding mothers prevent the Asian metabolic syndrome epidemic?; Evolutionary pressures have probably amplified the mechanisms for minimizing the impact of environmental factors through compensatory maternal mechanisms. Nevertheless, experimentally there are clear long-term programming effects of manipulations to the maternal diet on the likelihood of neural-tube defects associated with folate deficiency The fat/lean ratios of the newborn, and subsequent development, seem to be linked to amino acid or folate supply. An altered balance in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, which experimentally has profound effects on brain development, is induced by low-protein maternal diets. Such diets are linked to a reduced pancreatic capacity for insulin production and to an altered hepatic architecture, with a change in the control of glucose metabolism. Human studies suggest that what happens in pregnancy is modified by the child's diet in the first months of life. Low birthweight is linked to early stunting, and predisposes to abdominal obesity and metabolic syndrome in later life. Metabolic syndrome amplifies the risks of diabetes, hypertension, coronary heart disease and probably some cancers. Mothers with gestational diabetes are themselves prone to early type 2 diabetes and produce heavier babies prone to childhood obesity and adolescent type 2 diabetes. There is increasing evidence of an intergenerational effect, with big babies being prone to excess weight gain, which then, in girls, predisposes them to diabetes in pregnancy, which, in turn, promotes an accelerating cycle of early diabetes in subsequent generations. Essential fatty acids and fat soluble vitamins are important, but we need early interventions and monitoring systems to justify coherent policies.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and renal-vascular function in the early years after delivery; Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs: hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, and placental disorders) are associated with cardiovascular disease risk or blood volume abnormalities. Traditional risk factors might not identify highest risk people in the early years after APO deliveries. Test the hypothesis that vascular function is worse, and plasma volume-regulating renal hormones are lower after delivery in people who did versus did not have an APO. Adult participants 6 mo-3 years postdelivery of a singleton infant participated in this cross-sectional study. Exclusion criteria included current smoking, current use of certain medications, and diabetes outside of pregnancy. Differences in measurements between participants with versus without APOs were determined with t tests or Wilcoxon tests. Associations of renal hormones with APO history were assessed with linear regression, adjusted for age, race, body mass index (BMI), and sodium consumption. Of 86 participants, 38 (44%) had an APO history. Those with APOs were more likely to identify as Black and had a higher BMI, 34.0 kg/m2 [interquartile range (IQR), 24.6, 39.3] versus 24.2 kg/m2 [IQR, 21.2, 31.3], P < 0.05. Most brachial and all aortic blood pressures were higher in those with APOs: median aortic blood pressure was 102/74 versus 96/68 mmHg, P <= 0.05. There were no differences in arterial stiffness or endothelial function between groups. Aldosterone was lower (54 [IQR, 28-84] vs. 80 [IQR, 39-150] pmol/L) in participants with past APOs. Blood pressures were higher, and aldosterone was lower in participants with past APOs. Associations of aldosterone with APO history persisted after adjustment. Neither renin nor aldosterone were related to vascular function.
Hypertensive pregnancy complications and maternal characteristics as predictors of cardiovascular health within ten years after delivery; Objective: To identify the combination of maternal characteristics in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) associated with hypertensive and other cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) within ten years following delivery. The aim is to understand who should receive the most intensive primary cardiovascular disease prevention. Study design: A prospective cohort study. Main outcome: The population was the FINNPEC cohort (2008-2011), including women with (n = 1837) and without (n = 847) HDP. The main exposures were maternal hypertensive pregnancy complications linked with maternal pregnancy data from hospital records. The outcomes were hypertensive diseases and other CVDs (International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision). Results: Women with de novo pre-eclampsia (PE) had an elevated risk for hypertensive diseases within ten years following delivery. The risk of CVD was increased in women with superimposed PE and chronic hypertension (CHT) only. Women with de novo PE and hypertensive diseases were more often primiparous (41.4% vs. 23.0%, p = 0.020), had gestational diabetes (GDM) (31.0% vs. 11.7%, p = 0.002), and higher pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) (28.7 +/- 5.8 vs. 24.6 +/- 4.8 kg/m2, p = 0.001), compared with women who remained normotensive. Women with superimposed PE with CVD had more likely early-onset PE, preterm delivery and were older than women without later CVD. Conclusions: Healthcare professionals should target early prevention of CVDs in women with chronic hypertension during pregnancy; of those who developed superimposed PE prior to 34th weeks of gestation and who delivered preterm. Women with de novo PE who are overweight/obese, primiparous, and with concurrent GDM need regular blood pressure monitoring.
TRIGLYCERIDE LEVELS AS A RISK FACTOR DURING PREGNANCY; BIOLOGICAL MODELING; SYSTEMATIC REVIEW; Introduction: introduction: Some of the diseases that can appear in pregnancy (gestational diabetes, hypertension and preeclampsia) are being associated with an increased risk of heart throughout life diseases. This should be present in future assessments of the health of women. One of the most important biomarkers in cardiovascular diseases is the triglyceride level, and that undergoes a significant change during pregnancy. Objective: the objective of this review is to analyze the studies that have investigated triglyceride levels during pregnancy as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease in the last weeks of pregnancy and childbirth. Methods: a systematic search was made and 14 specific articles on the subject were selected following the PRISMA guidelines. Results: in normal pregnancy decreased the level of lipids in the first weeks, followed by a gradual increase. Especially high from the 12th week of gestation. This increase in plasma levels of circulating lipids occurs linearly, reaching a peak a few days before delivery. This increase results because of the increased estrogen levels and insulin resistance. It has also been associated with prolactin levels. Conclusions: through this review, it has been able to demonstrate the relationship of elevated triglycerides some pathologies or more frequent changes in risk pregnancies, in which a significantly higher elevation occurs compared to normal pregnancies. It is in this context that the biological modeling may be particularly important, facilitating the creation of models and percentile curves applicable to the population, and allow monitoring of changes in triglycerides, which end up pointing situations passing be predictors of a potentially pathological situation. Thus, appropriate interventions would be carried rafter more briefly, and see so favored adequate primary prevention.
Maternal nutrition: Effects on health in the next generation; Nearly 20 years ago, it was discovered that low birthweight was associated with an increased risk of adult diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). This led to the hypothesis that exposure to undernutrition in early life increases an individual's vulnerability to these disorders, by 'programming' permanent metabolic changes. Implicit in the programming hypothesis is that improving the nutrition of girls and women could prevent common chronic diseases in future generations. Research in India has shown that low birthweight children have increased CVD risk factors, and a unique birth cohort in Delhi has shown that low infant weight, and rapid childhood weight gain, increase the risk of type 2 diabetes. Progress has been made in understanding the role of specific nutrients in the maternal diet. In the Pone Maternal Nutrition Study, low maternal vitamin 1312 status predicted increased adiposity and insulin resistance in the children, especially if the mother was folate replete. It is not only maternal undernutrition that causes problems; gestational diabetes, a form of foetal overnutrition (glucose excess), is associated with increased adiposity and insulin resistance in the children, highlighting the adverse effects of the 'double burden' of malnutrition in developing countries, where undernutrition and overnutrition co-exist. Recent intervention studies in several developing countries have shown that CVD risk factors in the offspring can be improved by supplementing undernourished mothers during pregnancy. Results differ according to the population, the intervention and the post-natal environment. Ongoing studies in India and elsewhere seek to understand the long-term effects of nutrition in early life, and how best to translate this knowledge into policies to improve health in future generations.
Nutrition in Fetal Life and Childhood and Its Linkage with Adult Non-Communicable Disease: Lessons from Birth Cohort Studies in India; India is facing high and rising rates of mid- and late-life chronic non-communicable diseases (NCDs) such as hypertension, type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease (CHD). Indian cohort studies have made a major contribution to the global evidence that disease risk is influenced by the nutritional environment experienced during fetal and childhood development. Adults who had a lower birth weight are more likely to develop diabetes and CHD, and children of lower birth weight have higher blood pressure, glucose concentrations, insulin resistance, and cholesterol concentrations. NCD risk is also related to childhood weight gain or body mass index (BMI) gain; upward crossing of BMI centiles is associated with an increased risk of adult type 2 diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, elevated pro-inflammatory factors and metabolic syndrome. Among people who had a low birth weight, or were underweight in infancy, risk is increased even by relatively modest levels of childhood BMI gain. Cohort studies have identified modifiable factors associated with low birth or infant weight and later NCD risk markers in children, including maternal diets poor in micronutrient-source foods and specific micronutrient deficiencies (eg. vitamins D and B12). In addition, maternal gestational diabetes has been identified as a common and important risk factor for excess adiposity, glucose intolerance and abnormal cardiovascular stress responses in the children. Nutritional interventions aimed at improving maternal health and nutrition before and during pregnancy, and optimising fetal and infant development in order to reduce NCD risk, are currently being tested in India.
Can thrombophilia worsen maternal and perinatal outcomes in cases of severe preeclampsia?; Objective: To evaluate whether thrombophilia worsens maternal and foetal outcomes among patients with severe preeclampsia (PE). Method: From October 2009 to October 2014, an observational retrospective cohort study was performed on pregnant women with severe PE diagnosed before 34 weeks of gestation and their newborns hospitalized at the Clinics Hospital, FMUSP. Patients who had no heart disease, nephropathies, pre-gestational diabetes, gestational trophoblastic disease, foetal malformation, or twin pregnancy and who underwent thrombophilia screening during the postnatal period were included. New pregnancies of the same patient; cases of foetal morphological, genetic, or chromosomal abnormalities after birth; and women who used heparin or acetylsalicylic acid during pregnancy were excluded. Factor V Leiden, G20210A prothrombin mutation, antithrombin, protein C, protein S, homocysteine, lupus anticoagulant, and anticardiolipin IgG and IgM antibodies were analysed. The groups with and without thrombophilia were compared regarding their maternal clinical and laboratory parameters and perinatal outcomes. Results: Of the 127 patients selected, 30 (23.6%) had thrombophilia (hereditary or acquired). We found more white patients in thrombophilia group (p = .036). Analysis of maternal parameters showed a tendency of thrombophilic women to have more thrombocytopenia (p = .056) and showed worsening of composite laboratory abnormalities (aspartate aminotransferase >= 70 mg/dL, alanine aminotransferase >= 70 mg/dL, platelets < 100,000/mm(3), serum creatinine >= 1.1 mg/dL; p = .017). There were no differences in foetal perinatal outcomes. Conclusion: The presence of thrombophilia leads to worsening of maternal laboratory parameters among patients with severe forms of PE but without worsening perinatal outcomes.
Polycystic ovary syndrome: a biopsychosocial understanding in young women to improve knowledge and treatment options; Aim. To assess psychological features in young women with and without PCOS. Methods. Observational, cross-sectional pilot study in young women aged 18-25 with (n = 24) or without (n = 22) PCOS (age: 22.41 +/- 0.39 vs. 21.95 +/- 0.47 years, p = 0.46; BMI: 29.17 +/- 1.54 vs. 22.05 +/- 0.83 kg/m<SU2</SU, p = 0.0003). The main outcome measures were quality of life, anxiety, depression, risk perception and fears on future health. Results. Women with PCOS demonstrated worsened quality of life (p = 0.033) and greater anxiety (p = 0.01) and depression (p = 0.023) than women without PCOS related to BMI status. Women with PCOS were more likely to perceive themselves as at risk of obesity (p = 0.012) and infertility (p < 0.0001), and perceived greater importance in reducing future risk of prediabetes (p = 0.027), gestational diabetes (p = 0.039), type 2 diabetes (p = 0.01), heart disease (p = 0.005), obesity (p = 0.0007) and infertility (p = 0.023) than women without PCOS. Women with PCOS were more likely to have fears about future health related to weight gain (p = 0.045), loss of femininity (p = 0.035), loss of sexuality (p = 0.003) and infertility (p = 0.019) than women without PCOS. Conclusions. Worsened quality of life, anxiety and depression in young women with PCOS is related to BMI. Risk perception is appropriately high in PCOS, yet perceived risks of future metabolic complications are less common than those related to weight gain and infertility.
Acute Appendicitis and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes: A Nationwide Population-Based Study; Acute appendicitis is the most common non-obstetric surgical procedure in pregnant women. Using two large-scale nationwide population-based datasets, this study aimed to assess the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes between mothers with and without appendicitis in Taiwan. This study used two nationwide population-based datasets: the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Dataset and the Taiwan national birth certificate registry. This study included 908 women who had live singleton births and who had been hospitalized with a diagnosis of acute appendicitis, and another randomly selected 4,540 women as a comparison group. Conditional logistic regression analyses were performed to calculate the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes including low birth weight (LBW), preterm birth, small for gestational age (SGA), cesarean section (CS), congenital anomalies, Apgar scores at 5 min (< 7), and pre-eclampsia/eclampsia. The adjusted odds ratios for LBW, preterm birth, SGA, CS, and congenital anomalies in women with acute appendicitis were 1.82 (95 % CI = 1.43-2.30), 1.59 (95 % CI = 1.25-2.02), 1.33 (95 % CI = 1.12-1.60), 1.24 (95 % CI = 1.07-1.44), and 2.07 (95 % CI = 1.07-4.03), respectively, compared with women without acute appendicitis after adjusting for highest maternal educational level, marital status, geographic region, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, coronary heart disease, anemia, hyperlipidemia, obesity, and alcohol abuse/alcohol dependence syndrome, infant sex and parity, and paternal age. There were increased risks for having LBW, preterm infants, SGA, congenital anomalies, and for experiencing CS among women with acute appendicitis than comparison women.
Elective cesarean delivery and long-term cardiovascular morbidity in the offspring - a population-based cohort analysis; Objective To evaluate the impact of cesarean delivery (CD) on offspring risk for long-term cardiovascular morbidity. Study design A population-based cohort analysis was performed, including all singleton term deliveries occurring between 1991 and 2014 at a single tertiary medical center. A comparison was performed between children delivered via CD and those delivered vaginally. Fetuses with cardiac or other congenital malformations were excluded, as were cases of urgent CD and pregnancies involving preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, placenta previa, labor induction, fetal growth restriction, preterm PROM, and instrumental deliveries. Hospitalizations of the offspring up to 18 years of age involving cardiovascular morbidity were compared between the two study groups. A Kaplan-Meier survival curve compared cumulative cardiovascular morbidity incidence and a Cox regression model controlled for confounders. Results Of the 132,054 term deliveries who met the inclusion criteria; 8.9% were CDs (n = 11,746) and 91.1% (n = 120,308) were vaginal deliveries. Cardiovascular hospitalization incidence per 1000 person follow up years was 0.742 in the CD group and 0.054 in the comparison group (HR = 1.3, 95%CI 1.051-1.710,p = .018). The Kaplan-Meier survival curve demonstrated a significantly higher cumulative incidence of cardiovascular morbidity following CD (log rankp = .018). In the Cox proportional hazards model, CD was noted as an independent risk factor for offspring long-term pediatric cardiovascular morbidity (adjusted HR = 1.295, CI 1.005-1.668,p = .04) when controlling for maternal age, obesity, ethnicity, gestational age, newborn gender, low birthweight, maternal preexisting cardiovascular disease, and deliveries occurring after 2008. Conclusion Singletons delivered by CD at term have an increased risk of long-term cardiovascular morbidity.
Key Relevance of Epigenetic Programming of Adiponectin Gene in Pathogenesis of Metabolic Disorders; Background & Objective: Significant health and social burdens have been created by the growth of metabolic disorders like type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), atherosclerosis, and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, worldwide. The number of the affected population is as yet rising, and it is assessed that until 2030, 4-5 million individuals will acquire diabetes. A blend of environmental, genetic, epigenetic, and other factors, such as diet, are accountable for the initiation and progression of metabolic disorders. Several researches have shown strong relevance of adiponectin gene and metabolic disorders. In this review, the potential influence of epigenetic mechanisms of adiponectin gene "ADIPOQ" on increasing the risk of developing metabolic disorders and their potential in treating this major disorder are discussed. Results & Conclusion: Various studies have postulated that a series of factors such as maternal High fat diet (HFD), oxidative stress, pro-inflammatory mediators, sleep fragmentation throughout lifetime, from gestation to old age, could accumulate epigenetic marks, including histone remodeling, DNA methylation, and microRNAs (miRNAs) that, in turn, alter the expression of ADIPOQ gene and result in hypoadiponectinemia which precipitates insulin resistance (IR) that in turn might induce or accelerate the onset and development of metabolic disorder. A better understanding of global patterns of epigenetic modifications and further their alterations in metabolic disorders will bestow better treatment strategies design.
Qualitative Approach to Type 1 and Type 2 of Diabetes in Pakistan; Diabetes mellitus is a group of metabolic disorders that hyperglycemia is a common symptom. Diabetes mellitus is divided into 2 types of type 1diabetes and type 2 diabetes. Type 2 diabetes is caused by several causes, including insulin resistance, insufficient insulin secretion, and extra glucose production by the liver. Among the risk factors for type 2 are diabetes: familial history of diabetes, overweight, lack of mobility, history of gestational diabetes, high blood pressure, low HDL levels, polycystic ovarian syndrome, history of cardio-vascular disease. Increasing the level of general information about type 2 diabetes will have a direct relationship with improving community health and improving patients and reducing the complications of the disease. In Pakistan, Public awareness about diabetes and its complications are not ideal. In addition to increasing the prevalence of illness in the coming years, late complications of the disease were such as cardiovascular events, stroke, ocular complications, renal complications, amputation of limbs and spinal cord injuries. The aim of this study was to investigate the awareness of people in relation to type 1 and 2 diabetes, in order to develop educational programs based on their findings, if necessary, and to increase the level of knowledge of this group about the occurrence or progression of diabetes mellitus prevention.
A Qualitative Study on Diabetes Type 1 and 2 and Their Remedies in Pakistan; Diabetes mellitus is a group of metabolic disorders that hyperglycemia is a common symptom. Diabetes mellitus is divided into 2 types of type 1diabetes and type 2 diabetes. Type 2 diabetes is caused by several causes, including insulin resistance, insufficient insulin secretion, and extra glucose production by the liver. Among the risk factors for type 2 are diabetes: familial history of diabetes, overweight, lack of mobility, history of gestational diabetes, high blood pressure, low HDL levels, polycystic ovarian syndrome, history of cardio-vascular disease. Increasing the level of general information about type 2 diabetes will have a direct relationship with improving community health and improving patients and reducing the complications of the disease. In Pakistan, Public awareness about diabetes and its complications are not ideal. In addition to increasing the prevalence of illness in the coming years, late complications of the disease were such as cardiovascular events, stroke, ocular complications, renal complications, amputation of limbs and spinal cord injuries. The aim of this study was to investigate the awareness of people in relation to type 1 and 2 diabetes, in order to develop educational programs based on their findings, if necessary, and to increase the level of knowledge of this group about the occurrence or progression of diabetes mellitus prevention.
Copeptin and MR-proADM in umbilical cord plasma reflect perinatal stress in neonates born to mothers with diabetes and MR-proANP reflects maternal diabetes; Aim: To examine concentrations of three cardiovascular propeptides in umbilical cord plasma of neonates born to mothers with Type 1, Type 2 and gestational diabetes. Measurement of cardiovascular markers in umbilical cord plasma may potentially help identify neonates at risk of postnatal complications. Neonates born to mothers with diabetes have an increased risk of neonatal morbidity and mortality, and measurement of these new biomarkers may potentially help identify neonates at risk of these complications. Subjects & methods: Copeptin, midregional proadrenomedullin (MR-proADM) and midregional pro-A-type natriuretic peptide (MR-proANP) were measured in cord plasma of neonates (n = 63) born to mothers with the three types of diabetes. Associations with maternal glycemic control, mode of delivery and neonatal metabolic acidosis were examined. Results: Umbilical cord plasma copeptin concentrations were lowest in neonates after elective cesarean sections (6.1 pmol/l; interquartile range [IQR]: 4.5-9.1) compared with emergency cesarean sections (156 pmol/l; IQR: 9.6-311; p = 0.019) and vaginal delivery (831 pmol/l; IQR: 107-2407; p < 0.0001). MR-proADM was also affected by mode of delivery; however, this seemed more likely to be caused by an inverse association with the acid base balance. In this population, only MR-proANP plasma concentrations were related to type of diabetes. Neonates born to mothers with Type 1 diabetes had higher concentrations (median 260 pmol/l; IQR: 222-318) compared with Type 2 diabetes (175 pmol/l; IQR: 169-200; p = 0.003) and gestational diabetes (200 pmol/l; IQR: 149-276; p = 0.009). Conclusion: Umbilical cord plasma copeptin and MR-proADM concentrations primarily reflect perinatal stress associated with mode of delivery and the degree of fetal acidosis, whereas MR-proANP concentrations are higher in neonates born to mothers with Type 1 diabetes.
Feasibility and Utility of a Cardiovascular Risk Screening Tool in Women Undergoing Routine Gynecology Evaluation; Background:The goals of this multicenter survey were to examine the prevalence and patient awareness of cardiovascular risk factors, and the association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO-including gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, and preeclampsia) and prevalence of cardiovascular risks among women presenting to outpatient obstetrics/gynecology (OB/GYN) clinics. Materials and Methods:We surveyed 2,946 female patients attending 16 outpatient OB/GYN clinics across the United States between January 2010 and January 2012. Main outcome measures were self-reported cardiovascular risk factors and symptoms such as angina and dyspnea. Results:Mean age of the patients was 51 +/- 13.6 years. Cardiovascular risks and symptoms were highly prevalent (86.0% and 40.1%, respectively). Many patients did not know if they had common risk factors such as hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, or diabetes (18.4%, 32.0%, and 17.9%, respectively). Women with a history of APO were slightly more likely to be aware of common risk factors, including abnormal blood pressure (17% vs. 18.6%), high cholesterol (31.7% vs. 32%), and obesity/elevated body mass index (43.9% vs. 49.7%). Compared with patients with no history of APO, patients with APO (n = 380, 12.9%) were more likely to have risk factors (89.5% vs. 83.9%,p = 0.002) and symptoms (45.5% vs. 39.3%,p = 0.02). Conclusions:Awareness of cardiovascular risk factors and symptoms among all women surveyed in this study was poor, although awareness for some risk factors was relatively higher among patients with APO. This study demonstrates the feasibility of cardiovascular assessment in OB/GYN clinics using a simple questionnaire and its potential role for early recognition and timely intervention.
Outcomes of screening for diabetes in high-risk Hong Kong Chinese subjects; OBJECTIVE - To examine the significance of individual risk factors on the development of diabetes in subjects who underwent screening for diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A total of 1,649 Chinese subjects underwent screening for diabetes. They were asymptomatic but had known risk factors for diabetes, including a positive family history of diabetes, a past history of gestational diabetes, obesity hypertension, and/or dyslipidemia. Another 799 age-matched subjects from the community who had no risk factors for diabetes were used as the comparison group. RESULTS - Of the 1,649 subjects who underwent screening, 241 (14.6%) had diabetes. In these subjects, 989 (60.0%) had 1 risk factor, 502 (30.4%) had 2 risk Factors, 141 (8.6%) had 3 risk factors, and 17 (1.0%) had 4 or 5 risk factors for diabetes. Of the 799 control subjects, 29 (3.6%) had diabetes. Compared with the comparison group, the odds ratio (95% CI) of having diabetes after adjustment for age was 5.2 (3.5-7.7) in the 1,649 subjects with known risk Factors. The odds ratio of having diabetes increased from 3.7 in subjects with 1 risk factor to 28.4 in subjects with 4 or 5 risk factors. CONCLUSIONS - In men, age, BMI, family history of diabetes, and dyslipidemia, and in women, age, BMI, hypertension, dyslipidemia, total cholesterol, and history of gestational diabetes are associated with increased odds of developing diabetes. These risk factors have additive effects on the odds of having diabetes. Early and regular screening for diabetes and other cardiovascular risk factors is essential in these high-risk individuals.
Patterns of fetal and childhood growth and the development of psychosis in young males: A cohort study; Factors influencing fetal and childhood growth may affect a person's risk of developing schizophrenia. Associations of size at birth and body size in young adulthood with schizophrenia and other nonaffective psychoses were assessed in a cohort of 334,577 Swedish male conscripts born in 1973-1980 for whom linked birth, census, hospital admission, and adult height and weight data were available. Complete data on all study variables were available for 246,655 subjects. Over a mean 3.4-year follow-up beginning at age 18 years, 80 subjects developed schizophrenia and 124 developed other nonaffective psychoses. A reverse J-shaped association was found between gestation-adjusted birth weight and schizophrenia. The hazard ratios were 7.03 (95% confidence interval: 1.59, 31.10) for males of low birth weight (<2.5 kg) and 3.37 (95% confidence interval: 1.68, 6.74) for those of high birth weight (>4.0 kg). Birth weight was not strongly related to other nonaffective psychoses. Taller males had a reduced risk of psychosis. The lowest risks were seen for low birth weight males who became tall adults. The associations with birth weight indicate that fetal exposures, including possible effects of gestational diabetes, are important in the etiology of psychosis. The role of childhood exposures, as indexed by adult height and body mass index, appears to be less strong.
Stillbirth is associated with increased risk of long-term maternal renal disease: a nationwide cohort study; BACKGROUND: Stillbirth is a devastating adverse pregnancy outcome that may occur without any obvious reason or may occur in the context of fetal growth restriction, preeclampsia, or other obstetric complications. There is increasing evidence that women who experience stillbirths are at greater risk of long-term cardiovascular disease, but little is known about their risk of chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease. We conducted the largest study to date to investigate the subsequent risk of maternal chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease following stillbirth. OBJECTIVE: To identify whether pregnancy complicated by stillbirth is associated with subsequent risk of maternal chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease, independent of underlying medical or obstetric comorbidities. STUDY DESIGN/METHODS: We conducted a population-based cohort study using nationwide data from the Swedish Medical Birth Register, National Patient Register, and Swedish Renal Register. We included all women who had live births and stillbirths from 1973 to 2012, with follow-up to 2013. Women with preexisting renal disease were excluded. Cox proportional hazard regression models were used to estimate adjusted hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals for associations between stillbirth and maternal chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease respectively. We controlled for maternal age, year of delivery, country of origin, parity, body mass index, smoking, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and small for gestational age deliveries. Women who had a history of medical comorbidities, which may predispose to renal disease (prepregnancy cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes, lupus, systemic sclerosis, hemoglobinopathy, or coagulopathy), were excluded from the main analysis and examined separately. RESULTS: There were 1,941,057 unique women who had 3,755,444 singleton pregnancies, followed up over 42,313,758 person-years. The median follow-up time was 20.7 years (interquartile range, 9.9-30.0 years). 13,032 women (0.7%) had at least 1 stillbirth. Women who had experienced at least 1 stillbirth had a greater risk of developing chronic kidney disease (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.26; 95% confidence interval, 1.09-1.45) and end-stage renal disease (adjusted hazard ratio, 2.25; 95% confidence interval, 1.55-3.25) compared with women who only had live births. These associations persisted after removing all stillbirths that occurred in the context of preeclampsia, and small for gestational age or congenital malformations (for chronic kidney disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 1.33; 95% confidence interval, 1.13-1.57; for end-stage renal disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 2.95; 95% confidence interval, CI 1.86-4.68). There was no significant association observed between stillbirth and either chronic kidney disease or end-stage renal disease in women who had preexisting medical comorbidities (chronic kidney disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 1.13; 95% confidence interval, 0.73-1.75 or end-stage renal disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 1.49; 95% confidence interval, 0.78-2.85). CONCLUSION: Women who have a history of stillbirth may be at increased risk of chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease compared with women who have only had live births. This association persists independently of preeclampsia, and small for gestational age, maternal smoking, obesity, and medical comorbidities. Further research is required to determine whether affected women would benefit from closer surveillance and follow-up for future renal disease.
Maternal Pre-Pregnancy Nutritional Status and Infant Birth Weight in Relation to 0-2 Year-Growth Trajectory and Adiposity in Term Chinese Newborns with Appropriate Birth Weight-for-Gestational Age; Being born with appropriate weight-for-gestational age (AGA, similar to 80% of newborns) is often considered as low risk for future obesity. This study examined differential growth trajectories in the first two years by considering pre- and peri-natal factors among term-born AGA infants. We prospectively investigated 647 AGA infants and their mothers enrolled during 2012-2013 in Shanghai, China, and obtained repeated anthropometric measures at ages 42 days, 3, 6, 9, and 18 months from postnatal care records, and onsite measurements at age 1 and 2 years (skinfold thickness, mid-upper arm circumference (MUAC)). Birthweight was classified into sex-and gestational age-specific tertiles. Among mothers, 16.3% were overweight/obese (OWO), and 46.2% had excessive gestational weight gain (GWG). The combination of maternal prepregnancy OWO and high birthweight tertile identified a subset of AGA infants with 4.1 mm higher skinfold thickness (95% CI 2.2-5.9), 1.3 cm higher MUAC (0.8-1.7), and 0.89 units higher weight-for-length z-score (0.54, 1.24) at 2 years of age with adjustment for covariates. Excessive GWG was associated with higher child adiposity measures at 2 years of age. AGA infants manifested differential growth trajectories by the combination of maternal OWO and higher birthweight, suggesting that additional attention is needed for those "at increased risk" of OWO in early intervention.
The fasting hyperglycaemia study: I. Subject identification and recruitment for a non-insulin-dependent diabetes prevention trial; Subjects at increased risk for developing non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) were encouraged via a public awareness campaign, general practitioners, or a direct approach (in the case of women with previous gestational diabetes) to attend one of three English and two French centers for fasting plasma glucose (FPG) measurement. Of 1,580 subjects (mean +/- SD age, 47 +/- 10 years), 29% were male, 56% had a diabetic relative, 20% had a history of elevated blood glucose or glycosuria, and 9% previously had gestational diabetes. Thirty-one percent (493) had an initial increased fasting glucose ([IFG] 5.5 to 7.7 mmol . L-1), 3% (41) a diabetic fasting glucose ([DFG] greater than or equal to 7.8 mmol L-1), and 66% (1,046) a normal fasting glucose ([NFG] < 5.5 mmol . L-1). Four hundred forty-one of the 493 returned for a second FPG measurement, and 67% (293) of these had a similar value on repeat testing 2 weeks later. A 75-g, 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in 223 of these subjects showed that 37% (83) had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), 26% (58) diabetes mellitus (DM), and 37% (82) normal glucose tolerance (NGT). Seven percent of self-referred patients had NIDDM by World Health Organization (WHO) criteria. Eighty-eight percent of those with an initial DFG had an increased glycated hemoglobin (>6.2%), and 75% an increased fructosamine (>282 mu mol . L-1). While these two glycemic measures provided good discrimination for diabetes, neither were reliable in detecting those with increased but not diabetic FPG values. In conclusion, 293 (19%) of 1,580 self-referred subjects were identified as having persistently increased FPG, and 227 have been entered into a randomized NIDDM prevention trial evaluating healthy-living advice and sulfonylurea therapy. Copyright (C) 1997 by W.B. Saunders Company.
Mammalian target of rapamycin in the human placenta regulates leucine transport and is down-regulated in restricted fetal growth; Pathological fetal growth is associated with perinatal morbidity and the development of diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. Placental nutrient transport is a primary determinant of fetal growth. In human intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) the activity of key placental amino acid transporters, such as systems A and L, is decreased. However the mechanisms regulating placental nutrient transporters are poorly understood. We tested the hypothesis that the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signalling pathway regulates amino acid transport in the human placenta and that the activity of the placental mTOR pathway is reduced in IUGR. Using immunohistochemistry and culture of trophoblast cells, we show for the first time that the mTOR protein is expressed in the transporting epithelium of the human placenta. We further demonstrate that placental mTOR regulates activity of the L-amino acid transporter, but not system A or taurine transporters, by determining the mediated uptake of isotope-labelled leucine, methylaminoisobutyric acid and taurine in primary villous fragments after inhibition of mTOR using rapamycin. The protein expression of placental phospho-S6K1 (Thr-389), a measure of the activity of the mTOR signalling pathway, was markedly reduced in placentas obtained from pregnancies complicated by IUGR. These data identify mTOR as an important regulator of placental amino acid transport, and provide a mechanism for the changes in placental leucine transport in IUGR previously demonstrated in humans. We propose that mTOR functions as a placental nutrient sensor, matching fetal growth with maternal nutrient availability by regulating placental nutrient transport.
Postpartum birth control: State-of-the-art; It takes some six weeks for menstrual flow to come back after delivery, but an ovulation may occur from the twenty-fifth day, especially in the absence of bottle feeding. That is the reason why postpartum birth control must be gets onto in maternity wards. Obstetricians and midwives are supposed to deliver update information about variant contraceptive means. They have to be able to diagnose any risk factor and to prescribe an efficient contraceptive option to every woman who wishes for it, before she leaves the maternity ward. Recent studies incite us to amend our medical behaviour regarding postpartum contraception, even if there is no consensus at present. In a normal context, without any add on risk factor, it is possible to prescribe a birth control pill containing low dosage of combined oral contraceptives. Doing that, you will not expose the patient to an increased risk of deep venous thrombosis nor to significant breastfeeding disruption. Low-dose progestin-only pills are also a good choice because there are no risks during the lactation. When the patient suffers from some disease which stops you from giving combined oral contraceptives, it is still possible to resort to progestin-only. It is now admitted to insert an intra-uterine device from the fourth or sixth week following the delivery. In certain conditions, it can be inserted over the 48 hours following a delivery, some obstetrician would even insert it during the caesarean section. The main purpose of these recent references is to simplify the contraceptive outline in order to case its prescription and to avoid unwanted pregnancies. (c) 2008 Elsevier Masson SAS. Tous droits reserves.
Motivators and Barriers to a Healthy Postpartum Lifestyle in Women at Increased Cardiovascular and Metabolic Risk: A Focus-Group Study; Objective. To describe the motivators and barriers to the adoption of a healthy postpartum lifestyle after a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, and/or gestational diabetes. Methods. Thirty-six women with complicated pregnancies participated in six focus-group interviews that aimed to explore the perceptions of modifiable determinants of postpartum lifestyle. Results. Although women expressed that they intended to live a healthy postpartum lifestyle, it was generally not achieved. The motivators included improving their own current health condition as well as modeling a healthy lifestyle for their children. Important barriers were reported to be lack of knowledge, poor recovery, and lack of professional support after delivery. Conclusions. The reported motivators and barriers can be used to develop a postpartum lifestyle intervention.
Plant Sterols and Stanols for Pediatric Patients with Increased Cardiovascular Risk; The atherosclerotic process begins in childhood and progresses throughout adult age. Hypercholesterolemia, especially familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) and metabolic dysfunctions linked to weight excess and obesity, are the main atherosclerosis risk factors in pediatric patients and can be detected and treated starting from childhood. Nutritional intervention and a healthy-heart lifestyle are cornerstones and first-line treatments, with which, if necessary, drug therapy should be associated. For several years, functional foods enriched with plant sterols and stanols have been studied in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia, mainly as nutritional complements that can reduce LDL cholesterol; however, there is a lack of randomized controlled trials defining their long-term efficacy and safety, especially in pediatric age. This review aims to evaluate what the main published studies on sterols and stanols in pediatric subjects with dyslipidemia have taught us, providing an updated picture of the possible use of these dietary supplements in children and adolescents with dyslipidemia and increased cardiovascular risk. Nowadays, we can state that plant sterols and stanols should be considered as a valuable therapy in pediatric patients with hypercholesterolemia, bearing in mind that nutritional and lifestyle counseling and, when necessary, pharmacologic therapy, are the cornerstones of the treatment in developmental age.
Protective effects of polyphenols against endocrine disrupting chemicals; Endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs) are a heterogenous group of compounds dispersed throughout the environment that possess the ability to alter endocrine system function. While there are numerous routes of exposure to EDCs, the predominant source of many of these compounds is diet, largely due to their widespread use in food contact materials. In recent years, there has been a surge of research aimed at assessing exposure to EDCs, identifying their health implications, and developing approaches to minimize the risks they may entail. Due to their antioxidant and anti-inflammatory potential, polyphenols have been purported to confer protection against EDC-induced health detriments. This review discusses the evidence pertaining to dietary exposure to the two predominant EDCs, bisphenol A and phthalates, in the United States, their associations with diabetes, cancer, and cardiovascular disease outcomes, the potential for polyphenols to mitigate their disease-promoting effects, gaps in knowledge, and recommendations for future research.
Metformin prescription for US veterans with prediabetes, 2010-2019; Affecting an estimated 88 million Americans, prediabetes increases the risk for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and independently, cardiovascular disease, retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy. Nevertheless, little is known about the use of metformin for diabetes prevention among patients in the Veterans Health Administration, the largest integrated healthcare system in the U.S. This is a retrospective observational cohort study of the proportion of Veterans with incident prediabetes who were prescribed metformin at the Veterans Health Administration from October 2010 to September 2019. Among 1,059,605 Veterans with incident prediabetes, 12,009 (1.1%) were prescribed metformin during an average 3.4 years of observation after diagnosis. Metformin prescribing was marginally higher (1.6%) among those with body mass index (BMI) >= 35 kg/m2, age <60 years, HbA1c >= 6.0%, or those with a history of gestational diabetes, all subgroups at a higher risk for progression to T2DM. In a multivariable model, metformin was more likely to be prescribed for those with BMI >= 35 kg/m2 incidence rate ratio [IRR] 2.6 [95% confidence intervals (CI): 2.1-3.3], female sex IRR, 2.4 [95% CI: 1.8-3.3], HbA1c >= 6% IRR, 1.93 [95% CI: 1.5-2.4], age <60 years IRR, 1.7 [95% CI: 1.3-2.3], hypertriglyceridemia IRR, 1.5 [95% CI: 1.2-1.9], hypertension IRR, 1.5 [95% CI: 1.1-2.1], Major Depressive Disorder IRR, 1.5 [95% CI: 1.1-2.0], or schizophrenia IRR, 2.1 [95% CI: 1.2-3.8]. Over 20% of Veterans with prediabetes attended a comprehensive structured lifestyle modification clinic or program. Among Veterans with prediabetes, metformin was prescribed to 1.1% overall, a proportion that marginally increased to 1.6% in the subset of individuals at highest risk for progression to T2DM.
Pharmaceutical cost and multimorbidity with type 2 diabetes mellitus using electronic health record data; Background: The objective of the study is to estimate the frequency of multimorbidity in type 2 diabetes patients classified by health statuses in a European region and to determine the impact on pharmaceutical expenditure. Methods: Cross-sectional study of the inhabitants of a southeastern European region with a population of 5,150,054, using data extracted from Electronic Health Records for 2012. 491,854 diabetic individuals were identified and selected through clinical codes, Clinical Risk Groups and diabetes treatment and/or blood glucose reagent strips. Patients with type 1 diabetes and gestational diabetes were excluded. All measurements were obtained at individual level. The prevalence of common chronic diseases and co-occurrence of diseases was established using factorial analysis. Results: The estimated prevalence of diabetes was 9.6 %, with nearly 70 % of diabetic patients suffering from more than two comorbidities. The most frequent of these was hypertension, which for the groups of patients in Clinical Risk Groups (CRG) 6 and 7 was 84.3 % and 97.1 % respectively. Regarding age, elderly patients have more probability of suffering complications than younger people. Moreover, women suffer complications more frequently than men, except for retinopathy, which is more common in males. The highest use of insulins, oral antidiabetics (OAD) and combinations was found in diabetic patients who also suffered cardiovascular disease and neoplasms. The average cost for insulin was 153(sic) and that of OADs 306(sic). Regarding total pharmaceutical cost, the greatest consumers were patients with comorbidities of respiratory illness and neoplasms, with respective average costs of 2,034.2(sic) and 1,886.9(sic). Conclusions: Diabetes is characterized by the co-occurrence of other diseases, which has implications for disease management and leads to a considerable increase in consumption of medicines for this pathology and, as such, pharmaceutical expenditure.
Maternal Metabolism and Vascular Adaptation in Pregnancy: The PPAR Link; Current therapies for pregnancy-related hypertension and its complications remain inadequate, although an increasing role for maternal susceptibility is becoming evident. Systemic vascular dysfunction in response to imbalances in angiogenic, inflammatory, and constricting factors is implicated in the pathogenesis of gestational hypertension, and growing evidence now links these factors with maternal metabolism. In particular, the crucial role of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) in maternal vascular adaptation provides further insights into how obesity and gestational diabetes may be linked to pregnancy-induced hypertension and preeclampsia. This is especially important given the rapidly growing prevalence of obesity during pregnancy, and highlights a new approach to treat pregnancy-related hypertension and its complications.
Association between body mass index and chronic hypertension in patients with hypertension disorders of pregnancy one-year postpartum; Objectives: To determine the association between body mass index (BMI) and chronic hypertension (CHTN) one-year postpartum following pregnancies complicated by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP).Study design: A retrospective cohort study of patients with HDP (gestational hypertension or preeclampsia) in a single Midwestern academic center from 2014 to 2018. The primary outcome was CHTN at one-year postpartum, defined as systolic blood pressure >= 130 mmHg or diastolic blood pressure >= 80 mmHg or taking antihypertensive medication at one-year postpartum. The primary exposure variable was BMI at one-year postpartum, categorized as underweight (<18.5 kg/m(2)), normal (18.5-24.9 kg/m(2)), overweight (25-<30 kg/m(2)), and obese (>= 30 kg/m(2)) and as continuous BMI variable. Descriptive statistics and adjusted logistic regression analysis were performed.Results: Out of 596 patients with HDP included in this analysis, 275 (46.1 %) had CHTN one-year postpartum. Mean one-year postpartum BMI was 27.9 +/- 5.2 kg/m(2). Prevalence of CHTN at one-year postpartum was higher in obese (38.1 %) and overweight (30.0 %) groups compared to the normal weight group (29.9 %), p < 0.001. In multivariate logistic regression, obesity at one-year postpartum, compared to normal, was associated with 73 % higher likelihood of CHTN following HDP (adjusted OR 1.73, 95 % CI 1.06-2.84). With BMI as a continuous variable, each unit increase in BMI one-year postpartum was associated with 6 % higher likelihood of CHTN (adjusted OR 1.06, 95 % CI 1.02-1.15).Conclusions: Obesity at one-year postpartum following HDP was associated with a higher risk of CHTN compared with normal BMI. Weight is a modifiable risk factor that should be targeted in postpartum interventions to reduce cardiovascular disease following HDP.
Associations between Diet Quality and Allostatic Load in US Adults: Findings from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2015-2018; Background Allostatic load (AL), the concept of cumulative biological risk from chronic stressful exposures, may provide a framework with which to examine the links between diet, physiological stress, and disease. Objective This study examined the associations between diet quality and AL. Design This cross-sectional study was conducted using the 2015 through 2018 cycles of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Dietary intake was assessed using two 24-hour diet recalls. Diet quality was measured using the Healthy Eating Index 2015. AL was measured by a composite score of nine biochemical markers, with three or more dysregulated values signaling elevated AL. All markers were collected during a physical examination. Participants and setting This study was conducted in a nationally representative population of 5,343 US adults aged 19 years or older who had no prior diagnosis of diabetes (except gestational diabetes), cancer (except skin cancer), or cardiovascular disease; were not pregnant; and had complete dietary intake and AL biomarker data. Main outcome measures The outcome was odds of elevated AL. Statistical analyses performed Accounting for the complex survey design of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, multivariable logistic regression was used to examine the associations between Healthy Eating Index 2015 score and elevated AL, adjusting for sociodemographic variables. Results A significant inverse association between AL and diet quality was observed among adults aged 31 years and older but not among those aged 19 to 30 years. Among adults aged 31 years and older, those in higher quintiles of Healthy Eating Index 2015 score had significantly lower odds of elevated AL compared with the lowest quintile (P for trend < 0.05). Conclusions These results suggest that, in adults older than age 30 years, consuming a more healthful diet is inversely associated with AL.
Postpartum Breastfeeding and Cardiovascular Risk Assessment in Women Following Pregnancy Complications; Background: Breastfeeding is associated with lower cardiovascular (CV) risk over the long-term, however, less is known about its immediate effects among women with a recent complicated pregnancy. The objective of this study is to investigate the short-term effects of breastfeeding on markers of cardiovascular disease risk among women similar to 6 months after a pregnancy complicated by a hypertensive disorder, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, abruption, or preterm birth. Materials and Methods: Our cross-sectional analysis includes 622 women seen at 6 months postpartum (interquartile range: 5.7-6.7) between November 2011 and December 2017 at a tertiary care center. Self-reported breastfeeding status and measured CV risk factors were assessed at the same visit. CV risk factors were compared between women who did not breastfeed (n = 100, 16%), those who breastfed for less than 6 months (n = 315, 51%), and those who breastfed for 6 months or more (n = 207, 33%) using multivariate logistic and linear regression. Results: Increased breastfeeding duration significantly decreased the likelihood of metabolic syndrome (adjusted odds ratio [95% confidence interval; CI]: 0.89 [0.79-0.99]), abnormal fasting glucose (0.79 [0.64-0.96]), and ratio of total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) (0.86 [0.78-0.95]). Furthermore, body mass index (estimated beta coefficients [95% CI] -0.10 [-0.18 to -0.02]), fasting glucose (-0.05 [-0.08 to -0.02]), triglycerides (-0.07 [-0.10 to -0.04]), and ratio of total cholesterol to HDL-C (-0.06 [-0.10 to -0.03]) also decreased with increased breastfeeding duration, while HDL-C increased (0.02 [-0.01 to -0.04]). Conclusions: Our findings suggest that breastfeeding is associated with decreased indicators of CV risk in a cohort of women with recent pregnancy complication.
Long-term consequences of obesity on female fertility and the health of the offspring; Purpose of review Obesity has reached near epidemic levels among reproductive age women with a myriad of consequences. Obesity adversely affects the maternal milieu by creating conditions that decrease fertility and increase the risk of gestational diabetes, hypertensive disease in pregnancy, fetal growth abnormalities and congenital anomalies. The effects of obesity are not limited to pregnancy. Indeed, beyond the immediate postpartum period, obese women maintain a higher prevalence of insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease. In this article, we will review the pathophysiology underlying the effects of obesity on fertility, pregnancy outcome and health status of offspring. The purpose of this review is to outline proposed models responsible for the short-term and long-term consequences of obesity on fertility and offspring development, and identify knowledge gaps where additional research is needed. Recent findings Maternal over or under nutrition adversely affect maternal reproductive capacity and pregnancy success. Separate from effects on maternal reproductive function, maternal over or under nutrition may also 'program' fetal pathophysiology through inheritance mechanisms that suggest epigenetic modification of DNA, differential RNA translation and protein expression, or modification of the fetal hypothalamic-pituitary axis function through programmed adverse effects on the developing hypothalamic circuitry. The concept of maternal health modifying the risk of developing noncommunicable diseases in the offspring is based on Developmental Origins of Health and Disease hypothesis. Summary Of importance, the long-term effects of obesity are not limited to maternal health, but also programs pathophysiology in their offspring. Children of obese gravida are at increased risk for the development of cardiometabolic disease in childhood and throughout adulthood. Future studies directly interrogating mechanisms underlying the risks associated with obesity will allow us to develop interventions and therapies to decrease short-term and long-term morbidities associated with maternal obesity.
Understanding the impact of maternal and infant nutrition on infant/child health: multiethnic considerations, knowledge translation, and future directions for equitable health research; A mother's intrauterine environment influences her health and that of her offspring, at birth and in the future. Herein, we present an overview of our Canadian Institutes of Health Research (CIHR)-funded grant "Understanding the impact of maternal and infant nutrition on infant/child health"-set within The NutriGen Birth Cohort Alliance. NutriGen is a consortium of four Canadian prospective birth cohorts representing >5000 mother-child pairs of diverse ethnic groups including South Asians, White Europeans, and Indigenous peoples. We summarize our objectives and main findings on outcomes of maternal diet, gestational diabetes, birth weight, cardiometabolic health, the microbiome, and epigenetic modifications. We append this work with 10 key messages when conducting multiethnic research and review our knowledge translation products. We describe the clinical impact of our research on maternal and child health and conclude with future directions on biomarker discovery, expansion to other ethnic groups, and interventions for high-risk populations.
Medical issues from preconception through delivery: A roadmap for the internist; The age of the pregnant population and the number of pregnant women with medical issues are increasing. It is widely recognized that internists have the unique opportunity to identify potential pregnancy issues and address them before a problem arises. Therefore, it's important that we become aware of how to approach these issues. In addition to addressing medical issues in a currently pregnant woman, doctors also have the opportunity to identify issues that occurred during a prior pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, or pregnancy loss, and to decrease the risk of complications in future pregnancies. The goal of this article is to provide a roadmap to practicing internists so they will incorporate pregnancy planning into their everyday care plans. The approach is similar to that used when performing a preoperative risk assessment: We want to optimize our patients medically for pregnancy.
Assisted Reproductive Technology and Origins of Disease: The Clinical Realities and Implications; The majority of offspring born following assisted reproductive technology (ART) achieve equivalent development milestones and demonstrate comparable health as spontaneously conceived children. Yet, multiple studies have suggested offspring conceived with ART have slightly increased risk of metabolic derangements, cardiovascular disease, and malignancy. However, the associations observed in these studies often inadequately control for a variety of confounding variables, such as multiple gestation, premature birth, and low birth weight. Furthermore, many studies fail to account for the increased risk of many of these pathologies in the offspring of subfertile women in general. Lastly, the absolute risk of most of the ailments studied is extremely low. In nearly all examples, the number of women who would need to be treated to observe one additional diagnosis is substantially high. When compared with the number of couples who would have remained childless due to severe male factor infertility or would have been exposed to the risk of passing on a severe monogenic disorder, the general increased risks to ART-exposed children is very small.
Intrauterine hyperglycemia-induced inflammatory signalling via the receptor for advanced glycation end products in the cardiac muscle of the infants of diabetic mother rats; Purpose Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk to the health of the mother and her offspring. In particular, the infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) exhibit elevated levels of preterm birth, macrosomia, hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, and cardiomyopathy. We have previously reported that IDMs showed abnormalities in cardiac Akt-related insulin signalling, and that these deficiencies in Akt-related signalling were attenuated by supplementing the maternal diet with fish-oil. Herein, we investigated whether the eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) found in fish oil can be used to attenuate diabetes associated impairments in cardiomyocyte signalling. Methods Pregnant diabetic rats were administered streptozotocin before receiving EPA or water, and their infants were designated IDM/EPA, IDM/W. We assessed the potential molecular pathway for this effect in the primary cardiac cell from newborn rat hearts. Results Insulin resistance as determined by diminished GLUT4 translocation following insulin stimulation, the levels of advanced glycation end products (AGEs) and reactive oxygen species were elevated in the neonatal hearts of IDM/W compared with that seen in the offspring born from non-diabetic control animals. Similarly, the receptor of AGEs (RAGE) mRNA levels, reactive oxygen species and the amount of nuclear factor-B (NF-kappa B), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), and interleukin 6 (IL-6) mRNA were higher in the hearts from the IDM/W when compared to that observed in the hearts of offspring born to non-diabetic animals. These deleterious effects of gestational diabetes were significantly decreased in the offspring of diabetic mothers receiving EPA supplementation. Conclusions Taken together, our data suggest that the EPA in fish oil may improve the impaired signalling and the excessive protein glycation in the cardiac muscles of infants exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia.
Potential Application of Marine Fucosyl-Polysaccharides in Regulating Blood Glucose and Hyperglycemic Complications; Diabetes mellitus (DM) has become the world's third major disease after tumors and cardiovascular disease. With the exploitation of marine biological resources, the efficacy of using polysaccharides isolated from marine organisms in blood glucose regulation has received widespread attention. Some marine polysaccharides can reduce blood glucose by inhibiting digestive enzyme activity, eliminating insulin resistance, and regulating gut microbiota. These polysaccharides are mainly fucose-containing sulphated polysaccharides from algae and sea cucumbers. It follows that the hypoglycemic activity of marine fucosyl-polysaccharides is closely related to their structure, such as their sulfate group, monosaccharide composition, molecular weight and glycosidic bond type. However, the structure of marine fucosyl-polysaccharides and the mechanism of their hypoglycemic activity are not yet clear. Therefore, this review comprehensively covers the effects of marine fucosyl-polysaccharides sources, mechanisms and the structure-activity relationship on hypoglycemic activity. Moreover, the potential regulatory effects of fucosyl-polysaccharides on vascular complications caused by hyperglycemia are also summarized in this review. This review provides rationales for the activity study of marine fucosyl-polysaccharides and new insights into the high-value utilization of marine biological resources.
Continuous glucose monitoring in obese pregnant women with no hyperglycemia on glucose tolerance test; Objective The objective of the present study was to compare 24-hour glycemic levels between obese pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance and non-obese pregnant women. Methods In the present observational, longitudinal study, continuous glucose monitoring was performed in obese pregnant women with normal oral glucose tolerance test with 75 g of glucose between the 24(th) and the 28(th) gestational weeks. The control group (CG) consisted of pregnant women with normal weight who were selected by matching the maternal age and parity with the same characteristics of the obese group (OG). Glucose measurements were obtained during 72 hours. Results Both the groups were balanced in terms of baseline characteristics (age: 33.5 [28.7-36.0] vs. 32.0 [26.0-34.5] years, p = 0.5 and length of pregnancy: 25.0 [24.0-25.0] vs. 25.5 [24.0-28.0] weeks, p = 0.6 in the CG and in the OG, respectively). Pre-breakfast glycemic levels were 77.77 10.55 mg/dL in the CG and 82.02 +/- 11.06 mg/dL in the OG (p<0.01). Glycemic levels at 2 hours after breakfast were 87.31 <plus/minus> 13.10 mg/dL in the CG and 93.48 +/- 18.74 mg/dL in the OG (p<0.001). Daytime blood glucose levels were 87.6 <plus/minus> 15.4 vs. 93.1 +/- 18.3 mg/dL (p<0.001) and nighttime blood glucose levels were 79.3 <plus/minus> 15.8 vs. 84.7 +/- 16.3 mg/dL (p<0.001) in the CG and in the OG, respectively. The 24-hour, daytime, and nighttime values of the area under the curve were higher in the OG when compared with the CG (85.1 <plus/minus> 0.16 vs. 87.9 +/- 0.12, 65.6 +/- 0.14 vs. 67.5 +/- 0.10, 19.5 +/- 0.07 vs. 20.4 +/- 0.05, respectively; p<0.001). Conclusion The results of the present study showed that obesity in pregnancy was associated with higher glycemic levels even in the presence of normal findings on glucose tolerance test.
Insulin resistance in polycystic ovary syndrome; With a prevalence of 5-10% the polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common disorder of premenopausal women. According to prospective studies abnormal glucose tolerance and diabetes mellitus present in about 10.0% and 35.0% of adult women with PCOS, respectively. PCOS patients have a higher prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors such as hypertension and dyslipidaemia. The rate of spontaneous abortions as well as the risk of developing gestational diabetes is increased in PCOS. Therefore, PCOS is not only a reproductive problem, but a complex endocrine disease with important health implications. The role of glucose metabolism in PCOS, the health consequences and possible interventions are reviewed in this article.
Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances and Outcomes Related to Metabolic Syndrome: A Review of the Literature and Current Recommendations for Clinicians; Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) are a class of toxic, ubiquitous, anthropogenic chemicals known to bioaccumulate in humans. Substantial concern exists regarding the human health effects of PFAS, particularly metabolic syndrome (MetS), a precursor to cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of mortality worldwide. This narrative review provides an overview of the PFAS literature on 4 specific components of MetS: insulin resistance/glucose dysregulation, central adiposity, dyslipidemia, and blood pressure. We focus on prospective cohort studies as these provide the best body of evidence compared to other study designs. Available evidence suggests potential associations between some PFAS and type-2 diabetes in adults, dyslipidemia in children and adults, and blood pressure in adults. Additionally, some studies found that sex and physical activity may modify these relationships. Future studies should consider modification by sex and lifestyle factors (e.g., diet and physical activity), as well quantifying the impact of PFAS mixtures on MetS features and related clinical disease. Finally, clinicians can follow recently developed clinical guidance to screen for PFAS exposure in patients, measure PFAS levels, conduct additional clinical care based on PFAS levels, and advise on PFAS exposure reduction.
DNA methylation changes in cord blood and the developmental origins of health and disease - a systematic review and replication study; Background Environmental exposures in utero which modify DNA methylation may have a long-lasting impact on health and disease in offspring. We aimed to identify and replicate previously published genomic loci where DNA methylation changes are attributable to in utero exposures in the NutriGen birth cohort studies Alliance. Methods We reviewed the literature to identify differentially methylated sites of newborn DNA which are associated with the following five traits of interest maternal diabetes, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), diet during pregnancy, smoking, and gestational age. We then attempted to replicate these published associations in the Canadian Healthy Infant Longitudinal Development (CHILD) and the South Asian birth cohort (START) cord blood epigenome-wide data. Results We screened 68 full-text articles and identified a total of 17 cord blood epigenome-wide association studies (EWAS) of the traits of interest. Out of the 290 CpG sites reported, 19 were identified in more than one study; all of them associated with maternal smoking. In CHILD and START EWAS, thousands of sites associated with gestational age were identified and maintained significance after correction for multiple testing. In CHILD, there was differential methylation observed for 8 of the published maternal smoking sites. No other traits tested (i.e., folate levels, gestational diabetes, birthweight) replicated in the CHILD or START cohorts. Conclusions Maternal smoking during pregnancy and gestational age are strongly associated with differential methylation in offspring cord blood, as assessed in the EWAS literature and our birth cohorts. There are a limited number of reported methylation sites associated in more than two independent studies related to pregnancy. Additional large studies of diverse populations with fine phenotyping are needed to produce robust epigenome-wide data in order to further elucidate the effect of intrauterine exposures on the infants' methylome.
Physical activity, sedentary behaviors, and estimated insulin sensitivity and secretion in pregnant and non-pregnant women; Background: Overweight and obesity during pregnancy raise the risk of gestational diabetes and birth complications. Lifestyle factors like physical activity may decrease these risks through beneficial effects on glucose homeostasis. Here we examined physical activity patterns and their relationships with measures of glucose homeostasis in late pregnancy compared to non-pregnant women. Methods: Normal weight and overweight women without diabetes (N = 108; aged 25-35 years) were studied; 35 were pregnant (in gestational weeks 28-32) and 73 were non-pregnant. Insulin sensitivity and beta-cell response were estimated from an oral glucose tolerance test. Physical activity was measured during 10-days of free-living using a combined heart rate sensor and accelerometer. Total (TEE), resting (REE), and physical activity (PAEE) energy expenditure were measured using doubly-labeled water and expired gas indirect calorimetry. Results: Total activity was associated with reduced first-phase insulin response in both pregnant (Regression r(2) = 0.11; Spearman r = -0.47; p = 0.007) and non-pregnant women (Regression r2 = 0.11 Spearman; r = -0.36; p = 0.002). Relative to non-pregnant women, pregnant women were estimated to have secreted 67% more insulin and had 10% lower fasting glucose than non-pregnant women. Pregnant women spent 13% more time sedentary, 71% less time in moderate-to-vigorous intensity activity, had 44% lower objectively measured total activity, and 12% lower PAEE than non-pregnant women. Correlations did not differ significantly for any comparison between physical activity subcomponents and measures of insulin sensitivity or secretion. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that physical activity conveys similar benefits on glucose homeostasis in pregnant and non-pregnant women, despite differences in subcomponents of physical activity.
Genetic variation, intrauterine growth, and adverse pregnancy conditions predict leptin gene DNA methylation in blood at birth and 12 months of age; Background Leptin regulates satiety and energy homoeostasis, and plays a key role in placentation in pregnancy. Previous studies have demonstrated regulation of leptin gene (LEP) expression and/or methylation in placenta and cord blood in association with early life exposures, but most have been small and have not considered the influence of genetic variation. Here, we investigated the relationship between maternal factors in pregnancy, infant anthropometry and LEP genetic variation with LEP promoter methylation at birth and 12 months of age. Methods LEP methylation was measured in cord (n = 877) and 12-month (n = 734) blood in the Barwon Infant Study, a population-based pre-birth cohort. Infant adiposity at birth and 12-months was measured as triceps and subscapular skinfold thickness. Cross-sectional regression tested associations of methylation with pregnancy and anthropometry measures, while longitudinal regression tested if birth anthropometry predicted 12-month LEP methylation levels. Results Male infants had lower LEP methylation in cord blood (-2.07% average methylation, 95% CI (-2.92, -1.22), p < 0.001). Genetic variation strongly influenced DNA methylation at a single CpG site, which was also negatively associated with birth weight (r = -0.10, p = 0.003). Pre-eclampsia was associated with lower cord blood methylation at another CpG site (-6.06%, 95% CI (-10.70, -1.42), p = 0.01). Gestational diabetes was more modestly associated with methylation at two other CpG units. Adiposity at birth was associated with 12-month LEP methylation, modified by rs41457646 genotype. There was no association of LEP methylation with 12-month anthropometric measures. Conclusions Infant sex, weight, genetic variation, and exposure to pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes, are associated with LEP methylation in cord blood. Infant adiposity at birth predicts 12-month blood LEP methylation in a genotype-dependent manner. These findings are consistent with genetics and anthropometry driving altered LEP epigenetic profile and expression in infancy. Further work is required to confirm this and to determine the long-term impact of altered LEP methylation on health.
Oxysterol as a Marker of Atherogenic Dyslipidemia in Adolescence; Context: Oxysterols represent potentially important oxidative stress biomarkers in adolescence. Objective: The objective of the study was to examine the relationship between the concentrations of serum enzymatically and nonenzymatically generated oxysterols, measures of obesity, and metabolic components including insulin resistance and levels of blood pressure and serum lipids. Design: This was a cross-sectional study. Setting: All subjects were examined between 2003 and 2005 at a hospital, a part of a follow-up evaluation mother-daughter pairs representing pregnancies affected or unaffected by gestational diabetes that resulted in the deliveries in 1989-1991. Subjects: Subjects included a subset (n = 89) of the total study population of 189 adolescent girls with a mean age of 15.32 +/- 0.65 yr and body mass index of 22.54 +/- 3.98 kg/m(2). Main Outcome Measures: Measures included serum levels of the oxysterols 7 alpha-hydroxy-cholesterol, 7 beta-hydroxycholesterol, and 7-ketocholesterol; and body mass index, homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance index, fasting insulin, fasting glucose, blood pressure, total cholesterol, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and apolipoprotein B (ApoB). Results: Serum oxysterol concentrations in the adolescent cohort correlated positively with insulin (P < 0.05), total cholesterol (P < 0.05), non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P < 0.05), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P < 0.05), and ApoB (P < 0.01). ApoB and fasting insulin were found to be the major determinants of serum oxysterols after adjustment for body mass index. Being a daughter of gestational diabetes pregnancy alone did not seem to be a predisposing factor to increased oxidative stress in our cohort. Conclusion: Serum oxysterol concentrations increase with obesity, insulin, and ApoB, which are established derangements associated with the metabolic syndrome. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 93: 4282-4289, 2008)
Pregnancy outcomes of refractory epilepsy patients treated with Brain-responsive neurostimulation; Objective: To study the pregnancy outcomes, including obstetric complications and fetal outcomes, in pregnant women with epilepsy (WWE) treated with direct brain-responsive neurostimulation (RNS System). Methods: Retrospective review of obstetric outcomes and fetal outcomes in WWE treated with the RNS System at nine comprehensive epilepsy centers in the United States from 2014-2020. In addition, changes in seizure frequency, anti-seizure medications, and RNS System setting adjustments during pregnancy were investigated. Results: A total of 10 subjects and 14 pregnancies were identified. The mean age at conception was 30.6 +/- 4.3 years old. The mean age at implantation was 29.8 +/- 4.4 years old. The mean stimulation charge densities ranged from 1.0 to 3.0 mu C/cm(2) during pregnancy. Obstetric complications included recurrent miscarriage (1 patient), cesarean section (3 patients) due to preeclampsia, non-reassuring fetal heart rate tracing or prolonged labor, preterm birth (1 patient), and preeclampsia (1 patient). No still birth, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, eclampsia, or maternal mortality were observed. No RNS System-exposed pregnancies had major congenital malformations. One offspring had a minor congenital anomaly of cryptorchidism in a pregnancy complicated with risk factors of advanced maternal age and bicornuate uterus. Significance: The present study is the first report of RNS System-exposed pregnancies in WWE to date. No major congenital malformations were identified. All of the obstetric complications were within the expected range of those in WWE based on previously published data. The sample size of our study is small, so accumulation of additional cases will further help depict the safety profile of treatment with the RNS System during pregnancy.
Provider Adherence to Recommended Prenatal Care Content: Does It Differ for Obese Women?; The objective of this study was to examine provider adherence to prenatal care (PNC) content in obese and non-obese women and perinatal outcomes in obese women experiencing low and medium versus high adherence to PNC content. Provider adherence to PNC content (low < 50 %, medium 50-79 %, and high a parts per thousand yen80 %) was compared between obese (n = 69) and non-obese (n = 128) women in a linked database of deliveries to low-income, minority women from 2003 to 2004. Sample content items included procedures delivered at every visit (blood pressure, urinalysis, maternal weight, fetal heart rate check), timed screenings for birth defects and gestational diabetes, prenatal vitamin prescriptions, and depression screening. Weight gain, preterm deliveries, cesareans, and birthweight were compared between obese women with low and medium versus high adherence to PNC content using multivariable logistic regression. High provider adherence to an eight-item PNC content score (56.3 vs. 66.5 %, p = 0.02) and depression screening (2.0 vs. 11.4 %, p = 0.001) were both lower for obese versus non-obese women. Among obese women, there were no differences by level of provider adherence to PNC content in preterm delivery, cesareans, and low birth weight, but obese women experiencing low and medium versus high adherence were more likely to gain a parts per thousand yen20 lbs (aOR 5.5, 95 % CI 1.3-23.3). Providers may be administering PNC differently to obese and non-obese women. PNC for obese women who are at high risk of adverse perinatal outcomes needs to be addressed especially as it relates to depression screening and gestational weight gain.
Prepregnancy Body Mass Index and Congenital Heart Defects among Offspring: A Population-based Study; Objective The purpose of this study was to evaluate the association between fetal development of congenital heart defects (CHD) and maternal prepregnancy body mass index (BMI, kg/m2) in the largest population-based case-control study to date. Background Mounting evidence implicates maternal obesity as a risk factor for birth defects. However, the association between maternal obesity and CHD in offspring has been less completely described. Methods We conducted a study of CHD using linked birth-hospital discharge records for Washington State between 19922007. All infants with CHD (n = 14142) were identified based on ICD9-CM discharge diagnosis codes. 141420 controls, frequency matched on year of delivery, were selected at random from among infants without CHD. Maternal BMI was calculated from maternal prepregnancy data. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the association of CHD relative to maternal BMI were calculated, adjusted for gestational diabetes. Results Infants with CHD were more likely to have an obese mother (OR 1.22, 95% CI 1.151.30). The strength of association increased with increasing BMI (BMI 3034.9: OR 1.16, 95% CI 1.071.25; BMI 3539.9: OR 1.25, 95% CI 1.131.39; BMI > = 40: OR 1.49, 95% CI 1.321.69). The association was greatest for left and right ventricular outflow tract defects (OR 1.27, 95% CI 1.021.59 and OR 1.43, 95% CI 1.201.69, respectively). Hypoplastic left heart syndrome was markedly associated (OR 1.86, 95% CI 1.133.05). There was no association with conotruncal defects (OR 1.04, 95% CI: 0.821.33). Conclusions We confirmed the association between CHD and maternal obesity and observed increasing risk with increasing obesity. Outflow tract defects appear uniquely associated. A greater risk of CHD among offspring is an important outcome of maternal obesity, and suggests a need for targeted medical management strategies.
A Retrospective Cohort Study of Safety Outcomes in New Zealand Infants Exposed to Tdap Vaccine in Utero; We aimed to evaluate the safety of maternal Tdap; thus, we assessed health events by examining the difference in birth and hospital-related outcomes of infants with and without fetal exposure to Tdap. This was a retrospective cohort study using linked administrative datasets. The study population were all live-born infants in New Zealand (NZ) weighing at least 400 g at delivery and born to women who were eligible for the government funded, national-level vaccination program in 2013. Infants were followed from birth up to one year of age. There were a total of 69,389 eligible infants in the cohort. Of these, 8299 infants were born to 8178 mothers exposed to Tdap (12%), primarily between 28 and 38 weeks gestation as per the national schedule. Among the outcomes, we found a reduced risk for moderate to late preterm birth, low birth weight, small for gestational age, large for gestational age, respiratory distress syndrome, transient tachypnea of newborn, tachycardia or bradycardia, haemolytic diseases, other neonatal jaundice, anaemia, syndrome of infant of mother with gestational diabetes, and hypoglycemia in infants born to vaccinated mothers. There was no association between maternal Tdap, infant Apgar score at 5 min after birth, asphyxia, sepsis or infection, or hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy. Infant exposure to Tdap during pregnancy was associated with a higher mean birthweight (not clinically significant) and higher odds for ankyloglossia and neonatal erythema toxicum diagnoses. There were insufficient observations to allow examination of the effect of Tdap on extreme preterm and very preterm birth, and stillbirth, infant death, or microcephaly. Overall, we found no outcomes of concern associated with the administration of Tdap during pregnancy. NZ Health and Disability Ethics Committee Approval #14/N.T.A/169/AM05.
Perinatal exposures and adolescence overweight: The role of shared maternal-offspring pathways; Background and aims: Early life exposures affect offspring health across the life -course. We aimed to examine whether prevalent perinatal exposures and obstetric complications are independently associated with offspring overweight in adolescence. We then assessed whether shared maternal -offspring pathways drive the association of perinatal exposures with offspring overweight. Methods: Using data from the Jerusalem Perinatal Study birth cohort, two perinatal scores were constructed: obstetric complications (OC) and prevalent perinatal exposures (PPE) scores. PPE score, generated by principal component analysis, included three primary components. Logistic regressions were used to assess associations of scores with offspring overweight, with and without adjustment for maternal life -course survival. Results: OC and PPE scores were independently associated with offspring overweight (OROC = 1.15, 95% CI:1.07,1.25; ORPPE1- SEP and lifestyle = 0.85, 95%CI:0.79,0.91; ORPPE2- Maternal body size = 1.20, 95%CI: 1.13,1.28; ORPPE3-Fetal growth = 1.18, 95%CI:1.11,1.26). Maternal survival was associated with offspring overweight (OR = 1.38, 95%CI:1.08,1.76), yet introducing PPE score to the same model attenuated this association (OR = 1.16, 95%CI:0.90, 1.49). When OC score and maternal survival were included in the same model, their associations with offspring overweight remained unchanged. Conclusions: Mother -offspring shared factors, captured by maternal life -course survival, underlie the effect of prevalent perinatal exposures on offspring overweight. However, the effect of obstetric complications was independent, highlighting the contribution of additional pathways.
Pregnancy loss is associated with type 2 diabetes: a nationwide case-control study; Aims/hypothesis Type 2 diabetes is killing more people than ever, and early-life predictors remain critical for the development of effective preventive strategies. Pregnancy loss is a common event associated with later atherosclerotic disease and ischaemic heart failure and might constitute a predictor for type 2 diabetes. The objective of this study was to investigate whether pregnancy loss is associated with later development of type 2 diabetes. Methods Using a Danish nationwide cohort, we identified all women born from 1957 through to 1997 and who had a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes during the period 1977 to 2017. The women were matched 1:10 on year of birth and educational level to women without diabetes in the general Danish population. Conditional logistic regression models provided odds ratios for type 2 diabetes with different numbers of pregnancy losses. Results We identified 24,774 women with type 2 diabetes and selected 247,740 controls without diabetes. Women who had ever been pregnant (ever-pregnant women) with 1, 2 and >= 3 pregnancy losses had ORs of type 2 diabetes of 1.18 (95% CI 1.13, 1.23), 1.38 (95% CI 1.27, 1.49) and 1.71 (95% CI 1.53, 1.92) compared with ever-pregnant women with no pregnancy losses, respectively. Women who never achieved a pregnancy had an OR of type 2 diabetes of 1.56 (95% CI 1.51, 1.61) compared with ever-pregnant women with any number of losses. Similar results were found after adjustment for obesity and gestational diabetes. Conclusions/interpretation We found a significant and consistent association between pregnancy loss and later type 2 diabetes that increased with increasing number of losses. Thus, pregnancy loss and recurrent pregnancy loss are significant risk factors for later type 2 diabetes. Future studies should explore whether this association is due to common background factors or whether prediabetic metabolic conditions are responsible for this association.
Current Concepts of Maternal Nutrition; Background: A nutrient-rich maternal diet before and during pregnancy is associated with improved fetal health, more appropriate birth weight, and increased rates of maternal and infant survival. Physicians need a better understanding of the role of diet in shaping fetal outcomes. Given this background, we reviewed and summarized articles on maternal nutrition found in MEDLINE since 1981, written in English, and limited to human subjects. For the Offspring: Maternal diets high in sugar and fat lead to an increased incidence of metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease later in life. Folic acid should be supplemented prior to conception and continued through at least the first 28 days of fetal life to prevent neural tube defects, and vitamin C should be given to women who smoke to lower the incidence of asthma and wheezing in the children. Iodine deficiency is increasing, and iodine should be included in prenatal supplements. If the maternal hemoglobin is 7 g/dL or more, there is no evidence that iron supplementation is needed. Fish intake during pregnancy is protective against atopic outcomes, whereas high-meat diets contribute to elevated adult blood pressure and hypersecretion of cortisol. For the Mother: Calcium supplementation lowers the risk of preeclampsia and hypertensive disease in pregnancy. Conclusions: Given the limits of our current knowledge, a diet rich in whole grains, fruits, vegetables, and selected fish is desirable for the best outcomes. Diets high in sugar and fat lead to higher rates of diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Folic acid, iodine, and calcium in all pregnant women and vitamin C in smokers are the only supplements so far shown to be of value for routine use. The physician treating a pregnant woman should be ready to advise a healthy diet for the benefit of the fetus. Target Audience: Obstetricians and gynecologists, family physicians Learning Objectives: After participating in this activity, the obstetricians, gynecologists, and family physicians should be better able to discuss the role of various diets in helping with healthy fetal development; understand the role of diet prior to conception and throughout the pregnancy; and develop knowledge of the role of the maternal diet in affecting the risk for development of diabetes, cardiac disease, cancer, and allergic disease in the offspring.
Reference values for neonatal thyroid volumes in a moderately iodine-deficient area; Background: The reference ranges of thyroid volumes in neonates vary according to the iodine status of a specific region. In different studies, it ranged between 0.47 and 1.62 ml. It has been previously shown that Bursa city was a moderately iodine-deficient area. We therefore aimed at determining normal reference ranges of neonatal thyroid volumes in our moderately iodine-deficient area. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, thyroid volumes of 100 healthy fullterm neonates (51 boys and 49 girls; mean gestational age 38.9 +/- 1.1 weeks; and mean birth-weight 3370 +/- 446 g) were measured during the first week of life using thyroid ultrasonography. These data were compared with the gestational age, birth weight, gender, and TSH values of neonates as well as with maternal factors such as gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, smoking, medication use, and heart disease. Results: All blood samples for TSH were taken during the first 5 days (mean 1.09 +/- 0.9 days). The mean TSH levels in all male and female neonates were 3.77 +/- 3.71, 4.57 +/- 3.61, and 2.93 +/- 3.66 mlU/I, respectively. This difference was statistically significant (p=0.006). Mean thyroid volumes for all male and female neonates were calculated as 0.82 +/- 0.18 (range 0.51-2.04), 0.84 +/- 0.21 (range 0.51-2.04), and 0.80 +/- 0.14 ml (range 0.58-1.30), respectively. There were no statistically significant differences in thyroid volumes with respect to gestational age, birth weight, gender, TSH values of neonates and maternal factors. Conclusion: Normal thyroid volumes in neonates vary between different regions. Local reference values should be used in thyroid volume assessment. Our results are in concordance with the literature and can be used as reference values for our region. (J. Endocrinol. Invest. 31: 642-646, 2008) (C) 2008, Editrice Kurtis
The Legacy of the COVID-19 Pandemic: Impact on Infant and Maternal and Health from an Appalachian Academic Medical Center; Background/Objectives: The COVID-19 pandemic period from 2020 to 2022 had a significant impact on maternal infant health with mothers impacted more than their infants. We questioned whether there have been any lingering effects from the pandemic. Methods: We examined intermediate and long-term pandemic effects on maternal and neonatal outcomes before, during, and after the COVID-19 pandemic period. We reviewed mother-infant pairs from the following three epochs: (1) the pre-COVID-19 period, (2) the COVID-19 pandemic period, and (3) the post-pandemic period. The Case Mix Index (CMI) for the neonates from all three epochs were detailed. Results: Post-pandemic, we noted a rising trend of LGA infants (10%) and an increase in SGA infants (13%). For women in 2023, we noted an increase in hypertension, preeclampsia, diabetes, and a higher BMI than in the pre-pandemic period. There have also been more congenital anomalies (9%), and neonatal CMI increased in the post-pandemic period. Conclusions: Well after the pandemic period, maternal-infant health continues to be affected. For women, the increase in hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy is concerning. For infants, being LGA or SGA may have long-term consequences. The post-pandemic increase in infants with congenital anomalies compared to the pre-pandemic era is an area that needs ongoing review.
Adropin's Role in Energy Homeostasis and Metabolic Disorders; Adropin is a novel 76-amino acid-peptide that is expressed in different tissues and cells including the liver, pancreas, heart and vascular tissues, kidney, milk, serum, plasma and many parts of the brain. Adropin, encoded by the Enho gene, plays a crucial role in energy homeostasis. The literature review indicates that adropin alleviates the degree of insulin resistance by reducing endogenous hepatic glucose production. Adropin improves glucose metabolism by enhancing glucose utilization in mice, including the sensitization of insulin signaling pathways such as Akt phosphorylation and the activation of the glucose transporter 4 receptor. Several studies have also demonstrated that adropin improves cardiac function, cardiac efficiency and coronary blood flow in mice. Adropin can also reduce the levels of serum triglycerides, total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. In contrast, it increases the level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, often referred to as the beneficial cholesterol. Adropin inhibits inflammation by reducing the tissue level of pro-inflammatory cytokines such as tumor necrosis factor alpha and interleukin-6. The protective effect of adropin on the vascular endothelium is through an increase in the expression of endothelial nitric oxide synthase. This article provides an overview of the existing literature about the role of adropin in different pathological conditions.
Prevention of type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Potential of pharmacological agents; People with impaired glucose tolerance or impaired fasting glucose, or "pre-diabetes", are at high risk for progression to type 2 diabetes, as are those with metabolic syndrome or a history of gestational diabetes. Both glucose-lowering and anti-obesity pharmacotherapies have been studied to determine if the onset of type 2 diabetes can be delayed or prevented. Here we review the available data in the field. The most common theme is the reduction in insulin resistance, such as with weight loss, decreasing demands on the beta cell to improve insulin secretion and prolong its function. Overall, therapies which decrease diabetes incidence in high-risk populations delay the onset of diabetes but do not correct the underlying beta cell defect. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
ETHNIC-DIFFERENCES IN LIPID AND LIPOPROTEIN METABOLISM IN PREGNANT-WOMEN OF AFRICAN AND CAUCASIAN ORIGIN; Aims-To investigate differences in serum lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein concentrations in pregnant women of different ethnic origin. Methods-Serum Lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein concentrations were measured in 232 women (114 Caucasians, 118 Africans/Afro-Caribbeans), who presented consecutively for screening for gestational diabetes in the third trimester of pregnancy. Results-African/Afro-Caribbean pregnant women had lower serum concentrations of total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and apolipoprotein B and higher high density lipoprotein cholesterol and Lp(a) lipoprotein concentrations compared with Caucasian women. Apolipoprotein A1 concentrations were similar in the two groups. The differences were not attributable to differences in weight, age, parity, or postload plasma glucose levels. Conclusion-Ethnic origin is an important determinant of serum lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein concentrations during pregnancy.
Cree Women Speak: Intergenerational Perspectives on Weight Gain during Pregnancy and Weight Loss after Pregnancy; Obesity is prevalent among the First Nations population in Canada, with serious associated health risks. Recent studies also indicate that a high percentage of First Nations women are overweight or obese at the start of their pregnancies, with a tendency to retain weight after their children are born. In response to these concerns, a community-based study was conducted in two Cree communities, using qualitative methods to investigate young mothers' perceptions and concerns about weight gain during pregnancy and challenges to postpartum weight loss. Female Elders were also interviewed to provide some historical context and to give some insight into culturally appropriate responses to the current weight-related health challenges being faced by young mothers. Overall, the study showed that most of the participants-young and old-associated "healthy foods" with traditional foods and "healthy living" with bush life. However, while Elders recounted staying active and eating traditional foods throughout their pregnancies, the younger women tended not to put their knowledge of what constitutes a healthy lifestyle into practice, mainly due to various individual and societal barriers. Some of the barriers identified related to lifestyle changes, including increased consumption of "white man's foods" and decreased physical activity, as well as to larger social changes, such as the medicalization of pregnancy and diminished community support networks for young mothers. Participants provided insight into how traditional practices could be intertwined with the benefits of contemporary life to help address some of the health issues currently affecting young Cree mothers.
Iron perturbations in human non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): Clinical relevance and molecular mechanisms; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the hepatic manifestation of the insulin resistance syndrome and thus a frequent cause of elevated liver enzymes. The term "insulin-resistance associated hepatic iron overload syndrome (IR-HIOS)" has been coined to describe the frequent association of hepatic steatosis with increased levels of serum ferritin, normal or slightly elevated transferrin saturation and mild hepatic iron deposition. There is mounting evidence that increased iron stores in insulin resistance are associated with an unfavorable course of the disease and an increased prevalence of associated conditions such as diabetes, hypertension or cardiovascular disease. Iron depletion via phlebotomy has been demonstrated to improve several aspects of the insulin-resistance syndrome. Multiple interactions have been observed between molecules of iron and glucose metabolism. On a molecular level, impaired iron export has been demonstrated to be the principal mechanism of iron accumulation in fatty liver disease. Obesity-related inflammation, low ferroxidase activity associated with low copper bioavailability and decreased expression of the iron export molecule ferroportein have so far been identified as contributors to increased iron accumulation in human NAFLD.
Long-term effect of maternal obesity on pancreatic beta cells of offspring: reduced beta cell adaptation to high glucose and high-fat diet challenges in adult female mouse offspring; Aims/hypothesis: Obesity is a global problem with high risks of cardiovascular diseases, stroke and type 2 diabetes. It is well known that maternal obesity affects offspring by inducing malformation, functional abnormalities in many organs and cells, and by increased risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes. However, little is known about abnormalities induced by maternal obesity in pancreatic beta cells of offspring. Methods: We used mouse mothers with the Agouti yellow modification on a C57BL/6 background as a maternal model of normoglycaemic obesity, and produced Agouti-negative offspring. Half of the offspring were fed a high-fat diet. Offspring glucose tolerance was tested at different ages, and animals were killed at 50 weeks of age for islet function analysis. Results: Maternal obesity impaired glucose tolerance in female offspring fed a high-fat diet, and significantly reduced insulin secretion at 50 weeks of age in female offspring that had been fed a normal diet and high-fat diet. Insulin secretion and glucose potentiation from these islets were significantly reduced. Islet protein, DNA and insulin contents were increased while glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase and transketolase activities were reduced in female offspring. Conclusions/interpretation: Our results indicate that maternal obesity has a long-term effect on the beta cells of female, but not of male, offspring, and leads to increased risk of gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes in the offspring's later lives.
Elevated insulin sensitivity and β-cell function during pregnancy in mothers of growth-restricted newborns; Dalfra MG, Pacini G, Parretti E, Ragazzi E, Mello G, Lapolla A. Elevated insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function during pregnancy in mothers of growth-restricted newborns. Am J Physiol Endocrinol Metab 301: E25-E30, 2011. First published April 5, 2011; doi: 10.1152/ajpendo.00024.2011.-The "Barker hypothesis" suggests that low birth weight might predict future risk of developing obesity, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes. Identification of the causes of fetal growth restriction (FGR) is critical for preventive and management strategies. Some studies indicate that maternal carbohydrate metabolism might be involved in FGR development. We aimed to evaluate, in a large number of normotensive pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance, the effect of insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function on unexplained fetal growth. A total of 1,814 Caucasian pregnant women with normal prepregnancy body mass index were tested with a 75-g, 2-h glucose load (24-28 gestation wk). Insulin sensitivity was evaluated with fasting (QUICKI) and dynamic index (OGIS) and beta-cell function with a modified insulinogenic index as Delta AUC(insulin)/Delta AUC(glucose) and disposition index. FGR was a birth weight below the 5th percentile for gestational age. FGR developed in 99 (5.5%) pregnant women that showed significantly higher QUICKI, OGIS, insulinogenic, and disposition index with respect to women with normal-weight babies (P < 0.0001). By using multiple regression analysis in the FRG group, QUICKI and OGIS appeared as significant independent variables (P < 0.0001 and P < 0.0366, respectively). We conclude that elevated insulin sensitivity seems to be one of the factors involved in determining unexplained fetal growth retardation; its assessment, even only in the fasting state, could be useful to guide any possible monitoring and therapeutic strategies to reduce fetal complications.
Pediatric Obesity: It's Time for Prevention Before Conception Can Maternal Obesity Program Pediatric Obesity?; Global increases in obesity have led public health experts to declare this disease a pandemic. Although prevalent in all ages, the dire consequences associated with maternal obesity have a pronounced impact on the long-term health of their children as a result of the intergenerational effects of developmental programming. Previously, fetal under-nutrition has been linked to the predisposition to pediatric obesity explained by the adiposity rebound and 'catch-up' growth that occurs when a child born to a nutrient deprived mother is exposed to the obesogenic environment of present day. Given the recent increase in maternal overweight/obesity (OW/OB) our attention has shifted from nutrient restriction to overabundance and excess during pregnancy. Consideration must now be given to interventions that could mitigate pregravid body mass index (BMI), attenuate gestational weight gain (GWG) and reduce postpartum weight retention (PPWR) in an attempt to prevent the downstream signaling of pediatric obesity and halt the intergenerational cycle of weight related disease currently plaguing our world. Thus, this paper will briefl y review current research that best highlights the proposed mechanisms responsible for the development of child OW/OB and related sequalae (e.g. type II diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular disease (CVD)) resulting from maternal obesity.
Evidence of interaction between <i>PPARG2</i> and <i>HNF4A</i> contributing to variation in insulin sensitivity in Mexican Americans; OBJECTIVE-We hypothesized that interaction between PPARG2 Pro 12Ala and variants in the promoter region of HNF4A are associated with type 2 diabetes-related quantitative traits in Mexican-American families of a proband with previous gestational diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-The BetaGene project genotyped PPARG2 Pro12Ala and nine HNF4A single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in 473 individuals in 89 families. Members of the proband generation had fasting glucose <126 mg/dl and were phenotyped by oral and intravenous glucose tolerance tests. RESULTS-Neither PPARG2 Pro12Ala nor any of the nine HNF4A SNPs were independently associated with type 2 diabetes-related quantitative traits. However, the interaction betw en PPARG2 Pro12Ala and HNF4A rs2144908 was significantly associated With both insulin sensitivity (S-I) (Bonferroni P = 0.0006) and 2-h insulin (Bonferroni P = 0.039). Subjects with at least one PPARG2 Ala allele and homozygous for the HNF4A rs2144908 A allele had 40% higher S-I compared with individuals with at least one G allele. S-I did not vary by rs2144908 genotype among PPARG2 Pro/Pro. The interaction result for S, was replicated by the Insulin Resistance Atherosclerosis Family Study (P = 0.018) in their San Antonio sample (n = 484) where subjects with at least one PPARG2 Ala allele and homozygous for the HNF4A rs2144908 A allele had a 29% higher S-I compared with individuals with at least one G allele. However, the interaction was not replicated in their San Luis Valley sample (n = 496; P = 0.401). CONCLUSIONS-Together, these results suggest that variation in PPARG2 and HNF4A may interact to regulate insulin sensitivity in Mexican Americans at risk for type 2 diabetes.
Cardiac Diastolic Evaluation in Pregnant Women with Abnormal Glucose Tolerance: An Opportunity to Detect the Early and Subclinical Alterations and Prevent Cardiovascular Diseases; Objectives of this study were to assess diastolic function in pregnant women with abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT), compared with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) women, and to evaluate the insulin resistance status and its association with Doppler-echocardiographic indexes. Echocardiograms of 108 consecutive Caucasian women with singleton pregnancies were performed. Insulin resistance status was estimated by the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). All the studied women showed normal diastolic patterns. Patients with AGT (50.9%), as compared with NGT women, had higher HOMA-IR (1.70 +/- 1.30 versus 1.01 +/- 0.81, = 0.003), lower QUICKI (0.36 +/- 0.005 versus 0.40 +/- 0.06, = 0.004), higher lateral mitral annulus late diastolic velocity (13.6 +/- 4.9 versus 11.9 +/- 4.9, = 0.03), and higher A-wave velocity, the wave responsible for the active atrial contraction component (75.2 +/- 14.2 versus 67.7 +/- 16.2, = 0.01). At multivariate regression analysis HOMA-IR was the only parameter associated with A-wave velocity. In conclusion, women with AGT had an increased subclinical diastolic active participation, which is associated with higher levels of insulin resistance. For the increased risk of deterioration of cardiac diastolic function, earlier and more seriously than normal pregnancy, AGT women may have a careful followup to detect the early signs of cardiac alteration and to prevent cardiovascular diseases.
Risk factors during first 1,000 days of life for carotid intima-media thickness in infants, children, and adolescents: A systematic review with meta-analyses; Background The first 1,000 days of life, i.e., from conception to age 2 years, could be a critical period for cardiovascular health. Increased carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) is a surrogate marker of atherosclerosis. We performed a systematic review with meta-analyses to assess (1) the relationship between exposures or interventions in the first 1,000 days of life and CIMT in infants, children, and adolescents; and (2) the CIMT measurement methods. Methods and findings Systematic searches of Medical Literature Analysis and Retrieval System Online (MEDLINE), Excerpta Medica database (EMBASE), and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) were performed from inception to March 2019. Observational and interventional studies evaluating factors at the individual, familial, or environmental levels, for instance, size at birth, gestational age, breastfeeding, mode of conception, gestational diabetes, or smoking, were included. Quality was evaluated based on study methodological validity (adjusted Newcastle-Ottawa Scale if observational; Cochrane collaboration risk of bias tool if interventional) and CIMT measurement reliability. Estimates from bivariate or partial associations that were least adjusted for sex were used for pooling data across studies, when appropriate, using random-effects meta-analyses. The research protocol was published and registered on the International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews (PROSPERO; CRD42017075169). Of 6,221 reports screened, 50 full-text articles from 36 studies (34 observational, 2 interventional) totaling 7,977 participants (0 to 18 years at CIMT assessment) were retained. Children born small for gestational age had increased CIMT (16 studies, 2,570 participants, pooled standardized mean difference (SMD): 0.40 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.15 to 0.64, p: 0.001), I-2: 83%). When restricted to studies of higher quality of CIMT measurement, this relationship was stronger (3 studies, 461 participants, pooled SMD: 0.64 (95% CI: 0.09 to 1.19, p: 0.024), I-2: 86%). Only 1 study evaluating small size for gestational age was rated as high quality for all methodological domains. Children conceived through assisted reproductive technologies (ART) (3 studies, 323 participants, pooled SMD: 0.78 (95% CI: -0.20 to 1.75, p: 0.120), I-2: 94%) or exposed to maternal smoking during pregnancy (3 studies, 909 participants, pooled SMD: 0.12 (95% CI: -0.06 to 0.30, p: 0.205), I-2: 0%) had increased CIMT, but the imprecision around the estimates was high. None of the studies evaluating these 2 factors was rated as high quality for all methodological domains. Two studies evaluating the effect of nutritional interventions starting at birth did not show an effect on CIMT. Only 12 (33%) studies were at higher quality across all domains of CIMT reliability. The degree of confidence in results is limited by the low number of high-quality studies, the relatively small sample sizes, and the high between-study heterogeneity. Conclusions In our meta-analyses, we found several risk factors in the first 1,000 days of life that may be associated with increased CIMT during childhood. Small size for gestational age had the most consistent relationship with increased CIMT. The associations with conception through ART or with smoking during pregnancy were not statistically significant, with a high imprecision around the estimates. Due to the large uncertainty in effect sizes and the limited quality of CIMT measurements, further high-quality studies are needed to justify intervention for primordial prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Author summary Why was this study done? Exposure to adverse experiences in the first 1,000 days of life, i.e., from conception to age 2 years, may determine adaptative changes in the blood vessel walls and increased carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) in infants, children, and adolescents. This implies carotid arteries with thicker walls that may be due to changes in blood flow and pressure or other factors related to the process of atherosclerosis. What did the researchers do and find? We performed a systematic review of published studies with meta-analyses and included 36 studies, involving 7,977 participants between 0 and 18 years at CIMT assessment. Risk factors in the first 1,000 days of life, particularly poor fetal growth, are associated with increased CIMT in infants, children, and adolescents. There is scarce evidence from interventional studies beginning in the first 1,000 days, and none was shown to prevent or improve vascular remodeling in children. CIMT measurement protocols in children are heterogeneous and often poorly reported. What do these findings mean? From a public health perspective, acting early in life by preventing risk factors such as poor fetal growth could help maintain a low cardiovascular risk over the life course. Assessing vascular structure and function in children is important to better characterize lifetime risk trajectories and tailor primordial prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Primordial prevention aims to prevent the development of risk factors instead of treating them. From a clinical standpoint, promotion of a healthy lifestyle is important at any age, and screening of postnatal cardiovascular risk factors, targeted at children exposed to risk factors in the first 1,000 days of life, may be warranted. A widely accepted standardized CIMT measurement protocol in children is needed.
Public Health Data in Action: An Analysis of Using Louisiana Vital Statistics for Quality Improvement and Payment Reform; Introduction In 2012, the Louisiana (LA) Department of Health and Hospitals revised the LA birth certificate to include medical reasons for births before 39 completed weeks' gestation. We compared the completeness and validity of these data with hospital discharge records. Methods For births occurring 4/1/2012-9/30/2012 at Woman's Hospital of Baton Rouge, we linked maternal delivery and newborn birth data collected through the National Perinatal Information Center with LA birth certificates. Among early term births (37-38 completed weeks' gestation), we quantified the reasons for early delivery listed on the birth certificate and compared them with ICD-9-CM codes from Woman's discharge data. Results Among 4353 birth certificates indicating delivery at Woman's Hospital, we matched 99.8% to corresponding Woman's administrative data. Among 1293 early term singleton births, the most common reasons for early delivery listed on the birth certificate were spontaneous active labor (57.5%), gestational hypertensive disorders (15.3%), gestational diabetes (8.7%), and premature rupture of membranes (8.1%). Only 2.7% of births indicated "other reason" as the only reason for early delivery. Most reasons for early delivery had > 80% correspondence with ICD-9-CM codes. Lower correspondence (35 and 72%, respectively) was observed for premature rupture of membranes and abnormal heart rate or fetal distress. Discussion There was near-perfect ability to match LA birth certificates with Woman's Hospital records, and the agreement between reasons for early delivery on the birth certificate and ICD-9-CM codes was high. A benchmark of 2.7% can be used as an attainable frequency of "other reason" for early delivery reported by hospitals. Louisiana implemented an effective mechanism to identify and explain early deliveries using vital records.
Obstetric complications in carriers of the m.3243A&gt;G mutation, a retrospective cohort study on maternal and fetal outcome; Introduction: The mitochondrial DNA m.3243A>G mutation is the most prevalent mutation causing mitochondrial disease in adult patients. Aside from some case reports, there are no studies on obstetric complications in a cohort of m.3243A>G carriers. We aimed to identify the prevalence of obstetric complications in a cohort of women carrying the m.3243A>G mutation. Methods: All female carriers of the m.3243A>G mutation known from our previous national inventory were sent a questionnaire regarding their obstetric history. Data were compared to national references. Data from the national inventory, including NMDAS (disease severity) scores and heteroplasmy levels in urinary epithelial cells (UEC) were used to stratify women. Results: Sixty women participated, the mean age was 47 years (range 20-70), mean NMDAS was 14.6 (range 0-46), and mean heteroplasmy percentage in UEC was 19.9% (range 5-85%). Ninety-eight pregnancies in 46 women were reported. Twenty-three (25.3%) had a premature delivery and five of them (5.5%) had a gestation of <= 32 weeks and eleven of the women (12%) suffered from preeclampsia. No different heteroplasmy level was found in the women with preeclampsia. Nine pregnancies (11%) were complicated by gestational diabetes. Discussion: Obstetric complications occur frequently in carriers of the m.3243A>G mutation. Proper guidance during pregnancies and early detection of possible obstetric complications are needed. As techniques to prevent transmission of mitochondrial mutations are studied it is important to know the possible complications patients may experience from the ensuing pregnancy. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. and Mitochondria Research Society. All rights reserved.
Health after pregnancy in the mother with diabetes; Progression of retinopathy and nephropathy in women with diabetes occurs, at least temporarily, during pregnancy and postpartum. However, normotensive pregnancy seems to have no detrimental effects regarding the long-term progression of any microvascular complication. Increased risk from pregnancy induced hypertension without proteinuria and with proteinuria (pre-eclampsia) relates mainly to the association with kidney disease in diabetes, and poor glycemic control. A history of pre- eclampsia or pregnancy induced hypertension is an important prognostic factor for micro-and macro-vascular complications later in life. Data regarding the long-term effects of hypertensive pregnancies on late complications of diabetes suggest that women with diabetes should be monitored regularly and nephroprotective treatment initiated early.
Maternal obesity, lipotoxicity and cardiovascular diseases in offspring; Maternal obesity has risen dramatically over the past 20 years, by nearly 42% in African-Americans and 29% in Caucasians. Maternal obesity is afflicted with many maternal obstetric complications in the offspring including high blood pressure, obesity, gestational diabetes and increased perinatal morbidity. Maternal nutritional environment plays a rather important role in the programming of the health set-points in the offspring such as glucose and insulin metabolism, energy balance and predisposition to metabolic disorders. In particular, maternal obesity is associated with elevated prevalence of cardiovascular diseases in the offspring. Evidence from human and experimental studies including rodents and nonhuman primates has indicated that maternal obesity or overnutrition programs offspring for an increased risk of adult obesity. Maternal obesity or fat diet exposure predisposes the onset and development of obesity, insulin resistance, cardiac hypertrophy and myocardial contractile anomalies in the offspring. A number of mechanisms including elevated hormones (leptin, insulin), nutrients (fatty acids, triglycerides and glucose) and inflammatory cytokines have been postulated to play a key role in maternal obesity-induced postnatal cardiovascular sequelae. In addition, lipotoxicity (accumulation of lipid metabolites) resulting from maternal obesity is capable of activating a number of stress signaling cascades including pro-inflammatory cytokines and oxidative stress to exacerbate maternal obesity-induced cardiovascular complications later on in adult life. This mini-review summarizes the recent knowledge with regard to the role of lipotoxicity in maternal obesity-induced change in cardiovascular function in the offspring. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled "Focus on Cardiac Metabolism". (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Developmental origins of obesity-related hypertension; 1. In the past 30 years the prevalence of obesity and overweight have doubled. It is now estimated that globally over 500 million adults are obese and a further billion adults are overweight. Obesity is a cardiovascular risk factor and some studies suggest that up to 70% of cases of essential hypertension may be attributable, in part, to obesity. Increasingly, evidence supports a view that obesity-related hypertension may be driven by altered hypothalamic signalling, which results in inappropriately high appetite and sympathetic nerve activity to the kidney. 2. In addition to the adult risk factors for obesity and hypertension, the environment encountered in early life may programme the development of obesity, hypertension and cardiovascular disease. In particular, maternal obesity or high dietary fat intake in pregnancy may induce changes in fetal growth trajectories and predispose individuals to develop obesity and related sequelae. 3. The mechanisms underlying the programming of obesity-related hypertension are becoming better understood. However, several issues require clarification, particularly with regard to the role of the placenta in transferring fatty acid to the fetal compartment, the impact of placental inflammation and cytokine production in obesity. 4. By understanding which factors are most associated with the development of obesity and hypertension in the offspring, we can focus therapeutic and behavioural interventions to most efficiently reduce the intergenerational propagation of the obesity cycle.
Birth weight-for-gestational age is associated with DNA methylation at birth and in childhood; Background: Both higher and lower fetal growth are associated with cardio-metabolic health later in life, suggesting that prenatal developmental programming determines long-term cardiovascular disease risk. Epigenetic mechanisms, which orchestrate fetal growth and development, may offer insight on the early programming of health and disease. We investigated whether birth weight-for-gestational is associated with DNA methylation at birth and mid-childhood, measured via the Infinium 450K array. Methods/results: Participants were from Project Viva, a pre-birth cohort of pregnant women and their children in Eastern Massachusetts. After exclusion of participants with maternal type 1 or 2 diabetes and gestational age <34 weeks, we used DNA methylation assays from 476 venous umbilical cord blood samples and a subset of 235 who additionally had peripheral blood samples available in mid-childhood (age 7-10 years). Among 392,918 CpG sites analyzed, birth weight-for-gestational age z-score was associated with cord blood DNA methylation at 34 CpGs (false discovery rate P < 0.05), after adjusting for maternal age, race/ethnicity, education, smoking, parity, delivery mode, pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational diabetes status, child sex, and estimated cord blood cell proportions based on a cord blood reference panel. Two of these CpGs were previously reported in epigenome-wide analyses of birth weight, and several other CpGs map to genes relevant to fetal growth and development. Namely, higher birth weight-for-gestational age was associated with higher methylation at four CpGs at the PBX1 locus (e.g., beta (95% CI) for lead signal at cg06750897 = 1.9 (1.2, 2.6)), which encodes a transcription factor that regulates embryonic development. Birth weight-for-gestational age was also associated with mid-childhood blood DNA methylation at four of the 34 CpGs identified in cord blood analyses, including sites at the PBX1 locus described. Conclusions: We identified CpG sites where birth weight-for-gestational age was associated with DNA methylation at birth, and for a subset of these sites, birth weight-for-gestational age was also associated with DNA methylation at mid-childhood.
Health Disparities in Endocrine Disorders: Biological, Clinical, and Nonclinical Factors-An Endocrine Society Scientific Statement; Objective: The aim was to provide a scholarly review of the published literature on biological, clinical, and nonclinical contributors to race/ethnic and sex disparities in endocrine disorders and to identify current gaps in knowledge as a focus for future research needs. Participants in Development of Scientific Statement: The Endocrine Society's Scientific Statement Task Force (SSTF) selected the leader of the statement development group (S.H.G.). She selected an eight-member writing group with expertise in endocrinology and health disparities, which was approved by the Society. All discussions regarding the scientific statement content occurred via teleconference or written correspondence. No funding was provided to any expert or peer reviewer, and all participants volunteered their time to prepare this Scientific Statement. Evidence: The primary sources of data on global disease prevalence are from the World Health Organization. A comprehensive literature search of PubMed identified U. S. population-based studies. Search strategies combining Medical Subject Headings terms and keyword terms and phrases defined two concepts: 1) racial, ethnic, and sex differences including specific populations; and 2) the specific endocrine disorderor condition. The search identified systematic reviews, meta-analyses, large cohort and population-based studies, and original studies focusing on the prevalence and determinants of disparities in endocrine disorders. Consensus Process: The writing group focused on population differences in the highly prevalent endocrine diseases of type 2 diabetes mellitus and related conditions (prediabetes and diabetic complications), gestational diabetes, metabolicsyndrome with a focus on obesity and dyslipidemia, thyroid disorders, osteoporosis, and vitamin D deficiency. Authors reviewed and synthesized evidence in their areas of expertise. The final statement incorporated responses to several levels of review: 1) comments of the SSTF and the Advocacy and Public Outreach Core Committee; and 2) suggestions offered by the Council and members of The Endocrine Society. Conclusions: Several themes emerged in the statement, including a need for basic science, population-based, translational and health services studies to explore underlying mechanisms contributing to endocrine health disparities. Compared to non-Hispanic whites, non-Hispanic blacks have worse outcomes and higher mortality from certain disorders despite having a lower(e.g. macrovascular complications of diabetes mellitus and osteoporotic fractures) or similar (e.g. thyroid cancer) incidence of these disorders. Obesity is an important contributor to diabetes risk in minority populations and to sex disparities in thyroid cancer, suggesting that population interventions targeting weight loss may favorably impact a number of endocrine disorders. There are importantimplications regarding the definition of obesity in different race/ethnic groups, including potential underestimation of disease risk in Asian-Americans and overe stimation in non-Hispanic black women. Ethnic-specific cut-points for central obesity should be determined so that clinicians can adequately assess metabolic risk. There is little evidence that genetic differences contribute significantly to race/ethnic disparities in the endocrine disorders examined. Multilevel interventions have reduced disparities in diabetes care, and these successes can be modeled to design similar interventions for other endocrine diseases. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 97: E1579-E1639, 2012)
The Impact of Macronutrients on Retinal Microvasculature among Singapore Pregnant Women during the Mid-Late Gestation; Background Imbalanced macronutrient intakes can induce impairment of endothelial and vascular function, and further lead to metabolic and cardiovascular disease. However, little is known about the influence of such diets on endothelial and vascular dysfunction in pregnant women, even though high-fat diet is a known risk for pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. Objective We aimed to assess the association between maternal macronutrient intakes (protein, fat and carbohydrates), dietary quality and retinal microvascular changes in a multi-ethnic Asian mother-offspring cohort. Methods Pregnant women (n = 614) with singleton pregnancies were recruited during their first trimester from June 2009 to Sep 2010. Maternal diet quality and macronutrient intakes, expressed as a percentage of total energy during pregnancy, were ascertained using 24 hr recalls and 3 d food diaries at 26-28 weeks gestation. Retinal examination was completed at the same clinic visit. Dietary quality was assessed and scored using the Health Eating Index in Asian Pregnant women (HEI-AP), while macronutrients intakes ware expressed as percentages of total energy and further log transformed for analysis. Associations were examined cross-sectionally by substitution models with the use of multiple linear regression. Results In adjusted model, each 20 points decrease in HEI-AP score was associated with a significant increase of 1.70 mu m (p<0.05) in retinal venular calibre. Each 0.1 log increase in percentage of total fat intake was associated with a significant increment of 1.84 mu m (p<0.05) in retinal venular caliber. Additionally, each 0.1 log increase in percentage of mono-unsaturated fat intake was associated with an increment of 1.84 mu m (p<0.01) in retinal venular caliber. Conclusions In this cross-sectional study, we found that women with higher fat and lower protein intakes, and lower diet quality tended to have wider retinal venular caliber, which is suggestive of suboptimal microvasculature.
Diabetes: a review of its pathophysiology, and advanced methods of mitigation; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a long-lasting metabolic non-communicable disease often characterized by an increase in the level of glucose in the blood or hyperglycemia. Approximately, 415 million people between the ages of 20 and 79 years had DM in 2015 and this figure will rise by 200 million by 2040. In a study conducted by CARRS, it's been found that in Delhi the prevalence of diabetes is around 27% and for prediabetic cases, it is more than 46%. The disease DM can be both short-term and long-term and is often associated with one or more diseases like cardiovascular disease, liver disorder, or kidney malfunction. Early identification of diabetes may help avoid catastrophic repercussions because untreated DM can result in serious complications. Diabetes' primary symptoms are persistently high blood glucose levels, frequent urination, increased thirst, and increased hunger. Therefore, DM is classified into four major categories, namely, Type 1, Type 2, Gestational diabetes, and secondary diabetes. There are various oral and injectable formulations available in the market like insulin, biguanides, sulphonylureas, etc. for the treatment of DM. Recent attention can be given to the various nano approaches undertaken for the treatment, diagnosis, and management of diabetes mellitus. Various nanoparticles like Gold Nanoparticles, carbon nanomaterials, and metallic nanoparticles are some of the approaches mentioned in this review. Besides nanotechnology, artificial intelligence (AI) has also found its application in diabetes care. AI can be used for screening the disease, helping in decision-making, predictive population-level risk stratification, and patient self-management tools. Early detection and diagnosis of diabetes also help the patient avoid expensive treatments later in their life with the help of IoT (internet of medical things) and machine learning models. These tools will help healthcare physicians to predict the disease early. Therefore, the Nano drug delivery system along with AI tools holds a very bright future in diabetes care.
Screening for glucose intolerance in polycystic ovary syndrome: hemoglobin A1C, fasting blood glucose or oral glucose tolerance test?; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a chronic condition with many reproductive, metabolic and psychological manifestations. Insulin resistance puts women with PCOS at an increased risk for developing impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and diabetes (T2D). An oral glucose tolerance test is the preferred IGT/T2D screening test, since it is most sensitive for detecting early glucose abnormalities. The goals in detecting IGT in these women are to avoid progression to T2D, modify cardiovascular risk and prevent gestational diabetes. Periodic IGT/T2D rescreening is necessary, given their propensity for more rapid deterioration in glucose tolerance. Lifestyle intervention is first-line therapy for PCOS women with IGT. Metformin is an option if lifestyle intervention fails to have an impact, while bariatric surgery is reserved for a select set of morbidly obese patients.
Exercise Prescription for Overweight and Obese Women: Pregnancy and Postpartum; Once a low-risk pregnancy has been established, walking in combination with nutritional control may be effective in preventing excessive weight gain in overweight and obese women. Maternal exercise prescription should use the Frequency, Intensity, Time spent and Type of exercise principle, with a frequency of three to four sessions per week as ideal. Intensity based on a target heart-rate zone of 110 to 131 beats per minute for women 20 to 29 years of age and 108 to 127 beats per minute for women 30 to 39 years of age, coupled with use of the rating of perceived exertion scale and the "Talk Test" is suggested. Dieting and exercise together are most effective in reducing weight retention after childbirth and compliance may be improved by incorporating child-care and children into the exercise routine. After medical consultation, postpartum women should begin exercise slowly, starting from 15 minutes, and building to at least 150 minutes of aerobic activity per week, with this activity spread throughout the week.
Is preeclampsia a significant risk factor for long-term hospitalizations and morbidity?; Objective: The present study was aimed to evaluate long-term morbidity of patients with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Study design: A retrospective cohort study was conducted, including women who gave birth between the years of 1988 to 1998, and had a follow-up until December 2009. Data were extracted by linking a computerized database of hospitalizations with computerized database containing maternal records from the same regional medical center. The exposed group comprised 2072 patients with mild or severe preeclampsia in one or more of their pregnancies and the comparison group included 20742 patients without preeclampsia. Excluded from the study were patients with chronic hypertension and pre-gestational diabetes before the index pregnancy. Data included subsequent hospitalizations in internal medicine, oncology, nephrology, neurology, cardiac intensive care unit, and hematology, as well as a diagnosis of chronic hypertension during the follow-up period. Results: Patients with preeclampsia had significantly higher rates of chronic hypertension diagnosed after the index pregnancy as compared with patients without preeclampsia (12.5% vs. 0.9%; OR = 15.8, 95% CI 12.9-19.3; p < 0.001). Likewise, patients with preeclampsia were more likely to be hospitalized at least once (13.7% vs. 11.4%; OR = 1.2, 95% CI 1.1-1.4; p = 0.002) as compared with patients without preeclampsia. Exposed women had 582 hospitalizations (0.28 hospitalization/patient), while the non-exposed patients had a total of 4687 hospitalizations (0.23 hospitalization/patient; p < 0.001). Conclusion: Preeclampsia is a significant risk factor for long-term morbidity such as chronic hypertension and hospitalizations later in life.
Pregnancy: An Underutilized Window of Opportunity to Improve Long-term Maternal and Infant Health-An Appeal for Continuous Family Care and Interdisciplinary Communication; Physiologic adaptations during pregnancy unmask a woman's predisposition to diseases. Complications are increasingly predicted by first-trimester algorithms, amplify a pre-existing maternal phenotype and accelerate risks for chronic diseases in the offspring up to adulthood (Barker hypothesis). Recent evidence suggests that vice versa, pregnancy diseases also indicate maternal and even grandparent's risks for chronic diseases (reverse Barker hypothesis). Pub-Med and Embase were reviewed for Mesh terms "fetal programming" and "pregnancy complications combined with maternal disease" until January 2017. Studies linking pregnancy complications to future cardiovascular, metabolic, and thrombotic risks for mother and offspring were reviewed. Women with a history of miscarriage, fetal growth restriction, preeclampsia, preterm delivery, obesity, excessive gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes, subfertility, and thrombophilia more frequently demonstrate with echocardiographic abnormalities, higher fasting insulin, deviating lipids or clotting factors and show defective endothelial function. Thrombophilia hints to thrombotic risks in later life. Pregnancy abnormalities correlate with future cardiovascular and metabolic complications and earlier mortality. Conversely, women with a normal pregnancy have lower rates of subsequent diseases than the general female population creating the term: "Pregnancy as a window for future health." Although the placenta works as a gatekeeper, many pregnancy complications may lead to sickness and earlier death in later life when the child becomes an adult. The epigenetic mechanisms and the mismatch between pre-and postnatal life have created the term "fetal origin of adult disease." Up to now, the impact of cardiovascular, metabolic, or thrombotic risk profiles has been investigated separately for mother and child. In this manuscript, we strive to illustrate the consequences for both, fetus and mother within a cohesive perspective and thus try to demonstrate the complex interrelationship of genetics and epigenetics for long-term health of societies and future generations. Maternal-fetal medicine specialists should have a key role in the prevention of non-communicable diseases by implementing a framework for patient consultation and interdisciplinary networks. Health-care providers and policy makers should increasingly invest in a stratified primary prevention and follow-up to reduce the increasing number of manifest cardiovascular and metabolic diseases and to prevent waste of health-care resources.
Sex differences in type 2 diabetes; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus is increasing in both sexes, but men are usually diagnosed at a younger age and lower body fat mass than women. Worldwide, an estimated 17.7 million more men than women have diabetes mellitus. Women appear to bear a greater risk factor burden at the time of their type 2 diabetes diagnosis, especially obesity. Moreover, psychosocial stress might play a more prominent role in diabetes risk in women. Across their lifespan, women experience greater hormone fluctuations and body changes due to reproductive factors than men. Pregnancies can unmask pre-existing metabolic abnormalities, resulting in the diagnosis of gestational diabetes, which appears to be the most prominent risk factor for progression to type 2 diabetes in women. Additionally, menopause increases women's cardiometabolic risk profile. Due to the progressive rise in obesity, there is a global increase in women with pregestational type 2 diabetes, often with inadequate preconceptual care. There are differences between men and women regarding type 2 diabetes and other cardiovascular risk factors with respect to comorbidities, the manifestation of complications and the initiation of and adherence to therapy. Women with type 2 diabetes show greater relative risk of CVD and mortality than men. Moreover, young women with type 2 diabetes are currently less likely than men to receive the treatment and CVD risk reduction recommended by guidelines. Current medical recommendations do not provide information on sex-specific or gender-sensitive prevention strategies and management. Thus, more research on sex differences, including the underlying mechanisms, is necessary to increase the evidence in the future. Nonetheless, intensified efforts to screen for glucose metabolism disorders and other cardiovascular risk factors, as well as the early establishment of prophylactic measures and aggressive risk management strategies, are still required for both men and women at increased risk of type 2 diabetes. In this narrative review we aim to summarise sex-specific clinical features and differences between women and men with type 2 diabetes into risk factors, screening, diagnosis, complications and treatment.
Long term complications of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS); Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a frequent endocrine disease affecting 10 to 15% of women. Menstrual disorders, hyperandrogenism and ultrasonographic aspect of ovaries are typical of the disease and are established diagnostic criteria. But PCOS has also long term complications frequently forgotten and underestimated. During pregnancy, gestational diabetes and gestational hypertensive disorders can occur. At an older age, metabolic disease such as glucose intolerance, type 2 diabetes or dyslipidaemia are frequently described. Women with PCOS have increased classical cardiovascular risks and increased subclinical cardio-vascular disease without proven increase of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Finally, endometrial cancer seems to be more frequent in women with PCOS. Therefore, PCOS have numerous long-term health risks and a life-long follow-up is necessary for these women "at-risk" to detect and prevent complications as soon as possible. (C) 2014 Published by Elsevier Masson SAS.
Research Progress of Maternal Metabolism on Cardiac Development and Function in Offspring; The developmental origin of health and disease (DOHaD) hypothesis refers to the adverse effects of suboptimal developmental environments during embryonic and early fetal stages on the long-term health of offspring. Intrauterine metabolic perturbations can profoundly impact organogenesis in offspring, particularly affecting cardiac development and giving rise to potential structural and functional abnormalities. In this discussion, we contemplate the existing understanding regarding the impact of maternal metabolic disorders, such as obesity, diabetes, or undernutrition, on the developmental and functional aspects of the offspring's heart. This influence has the potential to contribute to the susceptibility of offspring to cardiovascular health issues. Alteration in the nutritional milieu can influence mitochondrial function in the developing hearts of offspring, while also serving as signaling molecules that directly modulate gene expression. Moreover, metabolic disorders can exert influence on cardiac development-related genes epigenetically through DNA methylation, levels of histone modifications, microRNA expression, and other factors. However, the comprehensive understanding of the mechanistic underpinnings of these phenomena remains incomplete. Further investigations in this domain hold profound clinical significance, as they can contribute to the enhancement of public health and the prevention of cardiovascular diseases.
Metabolic syndrome through the female life cycle; The normal function of the female reproductive system is closely linked to energy homeostasis with the ultimate scope of fertility and human race perpetuation through the centuries. During a woman's lifetime there are normal events such as puberty, pregnancy and menopause which are related to alterations in energy homeostasis and gonadal steroids levels followed by increase of body fat and insulin resistance, important components of metabolic syndrome (MetS). Pathological conditions such as premature adrenarche, polycystic ovary syndrome and gestational diabetes also present with shifts in gonadal steroid levels and reduced insulin sensitivity. The aim of this review is to discuss these conditions, both normal and pathological, analyzing the changes or abnormalities in ovarian function that coexist with metabolic abnormalities which resemble MetS in relationship with environmental, genetic and epigenetic factors.
Risk Factors for Intracardiac Thrombosis in the Right Atrium and Superior Vena Cava in Critically III Neonates who Required the Installation of a Central Venous Catheter; Background: Central venous catheter (CVC) installation is essential for the treatment of critically ill neonates; however, it is associated with the development of neonatal intracardiac thrombosis, which is a complication that is associated with a poor prognosis. We aimed to identify specific risk factors for the development of intracardiac thrombosis in the right atrium (RA) and superior vena cava (SVC) related to the use of CVC in critically ill neonates. Methods: A case-control study was conducted at the tertiary referral neonatal intensive care unit of the Pediatric Hospital Siglo XXI in Mexico City, Mexico from 2008 to 2013. The included cases (n = 43) were de novo patients with intracardiac thrombosis in the RA and SVC diagnosed by echocardiography. The controls (n = 43) were neonates without intracardiac thrombosis or thrombosis at other sites. A logistic regression analysis was conducted, and odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were calculated. Results: The independent risk factors for intracardiac thrombosis in the RA and SVC were the surgical cut-down insertion technique (OR = 2.98; 95% CI: 1.18-9.10), a maternal history of gestational diabetes/diabetes mellitus (OR = 10.64; 95% CI: 1.13-121.41), Staphylococcus epidermidis infection (OR = 7.09; 95% CI: 1.09-45.92), and CVC placement in the SVC (OR = 5.77; 95% CI: 1.10-30.18). Conclusion: This study allowed us to identify several contributing factors to the development of intracardiac thrombosis in the RA and SVC related to the installation of a CVC in a subgroup of critically ill neonates. Multicenter and well-designed studies with a larger number of patients could help validate our findings and/or identify other risk factors that were not identified in the present study. Copyright (C) 2015, Taiwan Pediatric Association. Published by Elsevier Taiwan LLC.
Health care organization and use of technological devices in people with diabetes in Italy: Results from a survey of the Working Group on Diabetes and Technology; Background and aim: The use of technology offers recognized benefits to persons with diabetes. The aim of this study was to evaluate the organization of healthcare facilities, the composition of the diabetes team, and the use of Continuous Subcutaneous Insulin Infusion (CSII) and Continuous Glucose Monitoring (CGM) in Italy.Methods and results: Diabetes care centers were asked to complete a web survey based on infor-mation collected in 2018. Sixty-one pediatric and 243 adult centers participated in the survey, accounting for 507,386 patients, mostly with type 2 diabetes (86.4%). Fifty-three percent of pe-diatric centers and 11% of adult centers reported a team composed of diabetologists, nurses, and psychologists. Overall, 13,204 patients (2.6%) were using CSII (95% with type 1 diabetes), and 28,936 (5.7%), were using CGM (74% with type 1 diabetes). When stratifying for the type of dia-betes, 24% and 40.8% of patients with type 1 were using CSII and CGM, respectively, whereas low use of technology was reported for patients with type 2 and women with gestational diabetes. The percentage of adult and pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes on CSII and CGM was respec-tively 21% and 32%, and 35% and 57%.Conclusions: The spread of CGM and CSII increased in Italy between 2013 and 2018. However, the percentage of users is still lower than what is expected based on clinical indications for use of technology. The inadequate number of professionals in the diabetes care team and insufficient economic resources are relevant barriers to disseminating technology for diabetes management. 2022 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Ital-ian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Maternal plasma polyunsaturated fatty acid levels during pregnancy and childhood lipid and insulin levels; Background and aims: Maternal polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) levels are associated with cord blood lipid and insulin levels. Not much is known about the influence of maternal PUFAs during pregnancy on long-term offspring lipid and insulin metabolism. We examined the associations of maternal plasma n-3 and n-6 PUFA levels during pregnancy with childhood lipid and insulin levels. Methods and results: In a population-based prospective cohort study, among 3230 mothers and their children, we measured maternal second trimester n-3 and n-6 PUFA plasma levels. At the median age of 6.0 years (95% range, 5.6-7.9), we measured childhood total-cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, triglyceride, insulin and c-peptide levels. Higher maternal total n-3 PUFA levels, and specifically DHA levels, were associated with higher childhood total-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol and insulin levels (p-values <0.05), but not with LDL-cholesterol and triglycerides. Maternal total n-6 PUFA levels were not associated with childhood outcomes, but higher levels of the individual n-6 PUFAs, EDA and DGLA were associated with a lower childhood HDL-cholesterol, and higher AA levels with higher childhood total-cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol levels (all p-values <0.05). A higher maternal n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio was only associated with lower childhood HDL-cholesterol and insulin levels (p-values <0.05). These associations were not explained by childhood body mass index. Conclusions: Higher maternal total n-3 PUFAs and specifically DHA levels during pregnancy are associated with higher childhood total-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol and insulin levels. Only individual maternal n-6 PUFAs, not total maternal n-6 PUFA levels, tended to be associated with childhood lipid and insulin levels. (C) 2016 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Maternal age and risk for adverse outcomes; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to characterize the risk for severe maternal morbidity and other pregnancy complications by maternal age during delivery hospitalizations. STUDY DESIGN: This retrospective cohort analysis used the Perspective database to characterize the risk for adverse maternal outcomes from 2006 to 2015 based on maternal age. Women were divided into 7 categories based on maternal age: 15-17, 18-24, 25-29, 30-34, 35-39, 40-44, and 45-54 years of age. The primary outcome of this study was severe maternal morbidity as defined by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Secondary outcomes included (1) overall comorbid risk; (2) risk for pregnancy complications such as postpartum hemorrhage, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and cesarean delivery; and (3) risk for individual severe morbidity diagnoses such as stroke, embolism, eclampsia, and hysterectomy. Adjusted models were fitted to assess factors associated with severe morbidity with adjusted risk ratios (aRRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) as measures of effect. Population weights were applied to create national estimates. RESULTS: Of 36,944,292 deliveries included, 2.5% occurred among women aged 15-17 years (n = 921,236), 29.1% to women aged 18-24 years (n = 10,732,715), 28.6% to women aged 25-29 years (n = 10,564,850), 24.9% to women aged 30-34 years (n = 9,213,227), 12.1% to women aged 35-39 years (n = 4,479,236), 2.6% to women aged 40-44 years (n = 974,289), and 0.2% to women aged 45-54 years (n = 58,739). In unadjusted analyses, severe morbidity was more than 3 times higher (risk ratio [RR], 3.33, 95% confidence interval [CI], 3.03-3.66) for women 45-54 years compared with women 25-29 years. Women aged 40-44, 35-39, and 15-17 years were also at increased risk (RR, 1.83, 95% CI, 1.77-1.89; RR, 1.36, 95% CI, 1.33-1.39; RR, 1.39, 95% CI, 1.34-1.45, respectively). In the adjusted model, the 45-54 year old group was associated with the highest relative risk (aRR, 3.46, 95% CI, 3.15-3.80) followed by the 40-44 year old group (aRR 1.90, 95% CI, 1.84-1.97), the 35-39 year old group (aRR, 1.43, 95% CI, 1.40-1.47), and the 15-17 year old group (aRR, 1.20, 95% CI, 1.15-1.24). Cesarean delivery, preeclampsia, postpartum hemorrhage, and gestational diabetes were most common among women aged 45-54 years, as were thrombosis and hysterectomy. CONCLUSION: While differential risk was noted across maternal age categories, women aged 45 years old and older were at highest risk for a broad range of adverse outcomes during delivery hospitalizations.
Fetal sex and maternal risk of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background A preponderance of male fetuses in pregnancies complicated by pre-eclampsia was described over 40 years ago. Since then, however, there has been conflicting evidence in the literature, with some studies supporting a male preponderance, some demonstrating no relationship with fetal sex, and others reporting increased risk in pregnancies bearing females. Objectives In this context, we sought to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis to objectively evaluate the relationship between fetal sex and maternal risk of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia. Search strategy Studies from January 1950 to April 2015 were identified from PUBMED and EMBASE. Selection criteria This systematic review and meta-analysis evaluated 22 articles reporting data on fetal sex and prevalence of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia. Data collection and analysis Data were extracted by two independent reviewers. Pooled estimates of the relative risk (RR) were calculated by random-effects model. Main results Male fetus was considered the exposure and prevalence of maternal pre-eclampsia/eclampsia was the outcome of interest. We identified 534 studies through electronic searches and three studies through manual searches. Twenty-two studies fulfilled the inclusion criteria, yielding data on 3 163 735 women. Pooled analyses of these studies showed no association between male fetal sex and maternal risk of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia (RR 1.01; 95% confidence interval, 95% CI 0.97-1.05); however, a subgroup analysis including only studies that evaluated the non-Asian population (n = 2 931 771 women) demonstrated that male fetal sex was associated with increased maternal risk of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia (RR 1.05; 95% CI 1.03-1.06; I-2 = 10%; P = 0.33). Conclusion Male fetal sex is associated with maternal risk of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia in the non-Asian population.
Knowledge, attitude and practices of insulin therapy among patients with type 2 diabetes: a cross-sectional study; Objectives This study aimed to assess the knowledge, attitude and practices of patients with type 2 diabetes on insulin regarding insulin therapy. Design A cross-sectional study. Setting This study was conducted at the Dubai Diabetes Center from 1 December 2018 to 1 March 2020. Participants Face-to-face interviews were conducted for 350 participants with type 2 diabetes at the Dubai Diabetes Center. Interviews followed the structured format of a questionnaire designed to obtain demographic details and score participants on knowledge, attitude and practices. We included patients aged >18 years and receiving insulin therapy. Patients with type 1 diabetes, pregnant women with gestational diabetes, those aged <18 years or those with a history of dementia were excluded. Results The median age of participants was 61 years (first quartile, 53 years; third quartile, 67 years); 35.7% were male individuals and 64.3% were female individuals. The median percentage scores for knowledge, attitude and practices were 62.5% (62.5%, 75%), 85.7% (71.4%, 100%) and 77.7% (66.6%, 88.8%), respectively. Highly educated participants had a high level of knowledge. Significant negative correlations were found between the percentage knowledge scores and participants' age and between the participants' percentage attitude scores and haemoglobin A1C levels; Spearman's correlations were -0.182 (p<0.001) and -0.14 (p=0.008), respectively. A significant positive Spearman's correlation of 0.123 (p=0.021) was found between the percentage knowledge and percentage practice scores. No correlations were found among knowledge levels, participants' haemoglobin A1c levels and duration of insulin use. Conclusion Patients with type 2 diabetes receiving insulin therapy and attending the Dubai Diabetes Center had adequate knowledge, a positive attitude and correct practice regarding insulin therapy. However, knowledge of specific facts did not always translate into correct behaviours and practices.
Chemerin: a multifaceted adipokine involved in metabolic disorders; Metabolic syndrome is a global public health problem and predisposes individuals to obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Although the underlying mechanisms remain to be elucidated, accumulating evidence has uncovered a critical role of adipokines. Chemerin, encoded by the gene Rarres2, is a newly discovered adipokine involved in inflammation, adipogenesis, angiogenesis and energy metabolism. In humans, local and circulating levels of chemerin are positively correlated with BMI and obesity-related biomarkers. In this review, we discuss both peripheral and central roles of chemerin in regulating body metabolism. In general, chemerin is upregulated in obese and diabetic animals. Previous studies by gain or loss of function show an association of chemerin with adipogenesis, glucose homeostasis, food intake and body weight. In the brain, the hypothalamus integrates peripheral afferent signals including adipokines to regulate appetite and energy homeostasis. Chemerin increases food intake in seasonal animals by acting on hypothalamic stem cells, the tanycytes. In peripheral tissues, chemerin increases cell expansion, inflammation and angiogenesis in adipose tissue, collectively resulting in adiposity. While chemerin signalling enhances insulin secretion from pancreatic islets, contradictory results have been reported on how chemerin links to obesity and insulin resistance. Given the association of chemerin with obesity comorbidities in humans, advances in translational research targeting chemerin are expected to mitigate metabolic disorders. Together, the exciting findings gathered in the last decade clearly indicate a crucial multifaceted role for chemerin in the regulation of energy balance, making it a promising candidate for urgently needed pharmacological treatment strategies for obesity.
Cardiometabolic outcomes of women exposed to hyperglycaemia first detected in pregnancy at 3-6 years post-partum in an urban South African setting; Background Hyperglycaemia first detected during pregnancy(HFDP) has far-reaching maternal consequences beyond the pregnancy. Our study evaluated the cardiometabolic outcomes in women with prior HFDP versus women without HFDP 3-6 years post-partum in urban South Africa. Design and methods A prospective cohort study was performed of 103 black African women with prior HFDP and 101 without HFDP, 3-6 years post-partum at Chris Hani Baragwanath Academic Hospital, Soweto. Index pregnancy data was obtained from medical records. Post-partum, participants were re-evaluated for anthropometric measurements, body composition utilizing dual energy X-ray absorptiometry(DXA) and biochemical analysis (two-hour 75gm OGTT fasting insulin, lipids, creatinine levels and glucose levels). Cardiovascular risk was assessed by Framingham risk score(FRS). Carotid intima media thickness(cIMT) was used as a surrogate marker for subclinical atherosclerosis. Factors associated with progression to cardiometabolic outcomes were assessed using multivariable logistic and linear regression models. Results Forty-six(45.1%) HFDP women progressed to diabetes compared to 5(4.9%) in non HFDP group(p<0.001); only 20(43.4%) were aware of their diabetic status in the whole group. The odds(OR, 95% confidence interval(CI)) of progressing to type 2 diabetes(T2DM) and metabolic syndrome(MetS) after correcting for confounders in the HFDP group was 10.5(95% CI 3.7-29.5) and 6.3(95%CI 2.2-18.1), respectively. All visceral fat indices were found to be significantly higher in the HFDP group after adjusting for baseline body mass index. Ten-year estimated cardiovascular risk(FRS) and mean cIMT was statistically higher in the HFDP group(8.46 IQR 4.9-14.4; 0.48 mm IQR 0.44-0.53 respectively) compared to the non-HFDP group(3.48 IQR 2.1-5.7; 0.46mm IQR 0.42-0.50) respectively and this remained significant for FRS but was attenuated for cIMT after correcting for confounders. HIV did not play a role in progression to any of these outcomes. Conclusion Women with a history of HFDP have a higher risk of cardiometabolic conditions within 6 years post-partum in an urban sub-Saharan African setting.
Risk factors for neonatal encephalopathy in late preterm and term singleton births in a large California birth cohort; Objective The objective was to investigate maternal and pregnancy characteristics associated with neonatal encephalopathy (NE). Study design We queried an administrative birth cohort from California between 2011 and 2017 to determine the association between each factor and NE with and without hypothermia treatment. Results From 3 million infants born at 35 or more weeks of gestation, 6,857 cases of NE were identified (2.3 per 1000 births), 888 (13%) received therapeutic hypothermia. Risk factors for NE were stronger among cases receiving hypothermia therapy. Substance-related diagnosis, preexisting diabetes, preeclampsia, and any maternal infection were associated with a two-fold increase in risk. Maternal overweight/obesity, nulliparity, advanced maternal age, depression, gestational diabetes or hypertension, and short or long gestations also predicted NE. Young maternal age, Asian race and Hispanic ethnicity, and cannabis-related diagnosis lowered risk of NE. Conclusions By disseminating these results, we encourage further interrogation of these perinatal factors.
The epidemiology of low-grade chronic systemic inflammation and type 2 diabetes; The fattening of the human species and the accompanying emergence of the metabolic syndrome and of type 2 diabetes as remarkably frequent clinical entities are among the major epidemiologic events of our time. Control of the diabetes epidemic requires a greater understanding of the pathophysiologic processes underlying these phenomena. Many epidemiologic studies have now shown associations between inflammation markers and diabetes, with the most consistent being for leukocytes and the strongest being for C-reactive protein. Consistent protective associations have also been reported for adiponectin, an adipocyte secretory protein with anti-inflammatory actions. Although great variability is seen between reported associations, as a whole these studies suggest a role for inflammation linked to obesity. The variability reported is in part due to differences in model adjustment, in how diabetes was ascertained, and in the different means used to operationalize the concept of low-grade chronic systemic inflammation. It is also due, in part, to sample characterization, as findings are heterogeneous across some subgroups, such as those defined by smoking. Consistent with their association with type 2 diabetes, inflammation markers have also be shown to predict conditions present in the prediabetes state such as weight gain, hypertension, gestational diabetes, and decline in insulin sensitivity.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiologic observational evidence on the effect of periodontitis on diabetes An update of the EFP-AAP review; AimTo update the available evidence on the impact of periodontitis on diabetes control, incidence and complications. MethodsObservational studies on the effect of periodontitis on diabetes, published after 2012, were identified through electronic databases and hand-searched journals. Findings were summarized by evidence tables, using PRISMA statement. Quality of the included studies was evaluated through the Newcastle Ottawa scale. ResultsHealthy individuals with periodontitis exhibit a poor glycaemic control and a higher risk of developing diabetes. Individuals affected by diabetes show a deterioration of glycaemic control if also affected by periodontitis and significantly higher prevalence of diabetes-related complications. Limited evidence is available on gestational diabetes and type 1 diabetes. ConclusionsPeriodontitis has a significant impact on diabetes control, incidence and complications. Nevertheless, the heterogeneity and quality of the included publications suggest that caution should be exercised when interpreting the data and that there remains an important need for additional evidence.
Chronic hypertension in pregnancy: are outcomes the same in patients on antihypertensives?*; Objective To investigate differences in maternal and fetal outcomes among pregnant patients with chronic hypertension requiring antihypertensives for adequate control versus those who do not require antihypertensives. Study design Single-site retrospective cohort study including pregnant patients with chronic hypertension from 2015-2018. Two groups included those who required antihypertensives versus those who did not. Primary outcome is composite morbidity: pregnancy loss after 20 weeks, IUGR, maternal death, maternal stroke or TIA, pulmonary edema, renal failure, hypertensive emergency, HELLP syndrome, placental abruption or delivery before 34 weeks. Secondary outcomes included development of severe features, indication for preterm labor less than 37 weeks, incidence of severe range blood pressures, and neonatal outcomes. Student t, chi square, and Kruskal-Wallis tests where appropriate. Logistic regression used to account for potential confounders. Results Study cohort included 117 on antihypertensives and 114 not on antihypertensives. Use of antihypertensives was associated with the composite primary outcome (Odds ratio [OR], 3.88; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.66-9.78). Use of antihypertensive medications was also associated with increased risk of prenatal diagnosis of IUGR, delivery prior to 34 weeks, development of severe features, severe blood pressure during pregnancy, earlier mean gestational age at delivery, lower mean birth weight, and higher risk of NICU admission. Logistic regression analysis showed that the association between medication requirement and our composite primary outcome persisted even after adjustment for age, BMI, and presence of gestational diabetes. Conclusion Our findings show an association between the requirement of antihypertensive medication use a significantly higher risk of composite primary outcome, prenatal diagnosis of IUGR, delivery prior to 34 weeks, and the development of severe features.
Unexpected fetal death during pregnancy -: a problem of unrecognized fetal disorders during antenatal care?; Objective: To investigate the causes of ante partum fetal death (APFD) and to evaluate the diagnostic methods for prevention. Material and methods: A population-based retrospective study was conducted in 293 091 deliveries from 1996 to 2000 in the State of Hesse, Germany. The investigations focus on mortality of infants during pregnancy, separated between singletons of 37-42 weeks (n = 361) and 23-36 weeks (n = 550), and multiple births (n = 76). In 44 cases, the gestational age was unknown and in 19 cases lower than 23 weeks or greater than 43 weeks. In total 1006 cases remained and were subject for evaluation. Results: Perinatal mortality (PM) was 0.56%. APFD occurred in 1050 cases (0.3%), i.e. 63.5% of PM. Risk factors from the medical history during pregnancy could be identified in 515 cases (51.2%). Significant risk factors were social burden (odds ratio (OR) 58.3), diabetes mellitus (OR 5.4) and gestational diabetes (OR 2.1), psychological burden (OR 4.8), proteinuria (OR 2.8), maternal age (OR 1.7) and maternal smoking, depending on the number of cigarettes. The risk factors show a difference in significance, if related to the gestational age and multiple pregnancies. The contribution of malformations to APFD was 7.8%. There was however a number of unexpected fetal deaths with unidentified risk factors: n = 415 (41.3%). In this group, fetal growth restriction was observed in 38.1%. Compared to control, APFD was three to five times higher in fetal growth retardation below the 10th percentile. Fetal death was closely related to fetal surveillance, i.e. the number of antenatal visits, ultrasound measurements, and fetal heart rate monitoring. Conclusion: Fetal ante partum fetal death can be reduced at least by 50%, if the available methods for fetal surveillance are employed aiming to detect indications of fetal oxygen deprivation at an early stage. (C) 2003 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Sedentary behaviours during pregnancy: a systematic review; Background: In the general population, at least 50% of time awake is spent in sedentary behaviours. Sedentary behaviours are activities that expend less energy than 1.5 metabolic equivalents, such as sitting. The amount of time spent in sedentary behaviours is a risk factor for diseases such as type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and death from all causes. Even individuals meeting physical activity guidelines are at a higher risk of premature death and adverse metabolic outcomes if they sit for extended intervals. The associations between sedentary behaviour with type 2 diabetes and with impaired glucose tolerance are stronger for women than for men. It is not known whether sedentary behaviour in pregnancy influences pregnancy outcomes, but if those negative outcomes observed in general adult population also occur in pregnancy, this could have implications for adverse outcomes for mothers and offspring. We aimed to determine the proportion of time spent in sedentary behaviours among pregnant women, and the association of sedentary behaviour with pregnancy outcomes in mothers and offspring. Methods: Two researchers independently performed the literature search using 5 different electronic bibliographic databases. Studies were included if sedentary behaviours were assessed during pregnancy. Two reviewers independently assessed the articles for quality and bias, and extracted the relevant information. Results: We identified 26 studies meeting the inclusion criteria. Pregnant women spent more than 50% of their time in sedentary behaviours. Increased time in sedentary behaviour was significantly associated with higher levels of C Reactive Protein and LDL Cholesterol, and a larger newborn abdominal circumference. Sedentary behaviours were significantly higher among women who delivered macrosomic infants. Discrepancies were found in associations of sedentary behaviour with gestational weight gain, hypertensive disorders, and birth weight. No consistent associations were found between sedentary behaviour and other variables such as gestational diabetes. There was considerable variability in study design and methods of assessing sedentary behaviour. Conclusions: Our review highlights the significant time spent in sedentary behaviour during pregnancy, and that sedentary behaviour may impact on pregnancy outcomes for both mother and child. The considerable heterogeneity in the literature suggests future studies should use robust methodology for quantifying sedentary behaviour.
Idiopathic intracranial hypertension: a step change in understanding the disease mechanisms; The understanding of idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH) has evolved over the past few years. Previously, IIH was considered a disease exclusively affecting the neuro-ophthalmic axis, characterized by raised intracranial pressure, headache and papilloedema, and resulting in the risk of severe and permanent visual loss and life-changing disabling headaches. Recent advances have begun to redefine IIH as a probable metabolic disease involving a range of systemic manifestations. More than 95% of individuals affected by the disease are women of reproductive age with obesity. The incidence is rapidly rising and parallels the escalating worldwide obesity rates. Contemporary insights identify associations with insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and a twofold increased risk of cardiovascular disease in excess of that driven by obesity alone. Adipose distribution in people with IIH, like that in other metabolic diseases, is preferentially centripetal and is associated with changes in intracranial pressure. Evidence now demonstrates adipose tissue dysfunction in people with IIH, involving transcriptional and metabolic priming for lipogenesis and weight gain. Hormonal perturbations are also observed, including a unique phenotype of androgen excess that promotes cerebrospinal fluid secretion. Knowledge of these additional disease features is driving research into novel therapeutic targets and altering the approach to multidisciplinary care. The incidence of idiopathic intracranial hypertension is rapidly rising in line with global obesity rates. This Review summarizes evidence suggesting that the condition is not idiopathic but is instead related to systemic metabolic and hormonal perturbations and should thus be considered a metabolic disease. Idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH) is emerging as a probable metabolic disease encompassing a range of systemic manifestations.Key disease features of IIH are broadening to include impaired fertility, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, increased risk of cardiometabolic complications and reversible cognitive dysfunction.Comorbid associated conditions include polycystic ovarian syndrome, obstructive sleep apnoea, anxiety and depression.A positive relationship between headache and intracranial pressure has been observed, and specific signalling pathways have been speculated to be mechanistic drivers of IIH headaches.Weight loss is established as the only disease-modifying therapy, with bariatric surgery delivering sustained control of intracranial pressure.New therapeutic avenues are emerging to target metabolic pathways. The glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonist exenatide has been demonstrated to significantly reduce intracranial pressure in a randomized placebo-controlled trial.
Maternal obesity increases the risk and severity of NAFLD in offspring; Background & Aims: Maternal obesity has been linked to the development of cardiovascular disease and diabetes in offspring, but its relationship to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is unclear. Methods: Through the nationwide ESPRESSO cohort study we identified all individuals <= 25 years of age in Sweden with biopsy verified NAFLD diagnosed between 1992 and 2016 (n = 165). These were matched by age, sex, and calendar year with up to 5 controls (n = 717). Through linkage with the nationwide Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR) we retrieved data on maternal early-pregnancy BMI, and possible confounders, in order to calculate adjusted odds ratios (aORs) for NAFLD in offspring. Results: Maternal BMI was associated with NAFLD in offspring: underweight (aOR 0.84; 95% CI 0.14-5.15), normal weight (reference, aOR 1), overweight (aOR 1.51; 0.95-2.40), and obese (aOR 3.26; 1.72-6.19) women. Severe NAFLD (biopsy-proven fibrosis or cirrhosis) was also more common in offspring of overweight (aOR 1.94; 95% CI 0.96-3.90) and obese (aOR 3.67; 95% CI 1.61-8.38) mothers. Associations were similar after adjusting for maternal pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. Socio-economic parameters (smoking, mother born outside the Nordic countries and less than 10 years of basic education) were also associated with NAFLD in offspring but did not materially alter the effect size of maternal BMI in a multivariable model. Conclusions: This nationwide study found a strong association between maternal overweight/obesity and future NAFLD in offspring. Adjusting for socio-economic and metabolic parameters in the mother did not affect this finding, suggesting that maternal obesity is an independent risk factor for NAFLD in offspring. Lay summary: In a study of all young persons in Sweden with a liver biopsy consistent with fatty liver, the authors found that compared to matched controls, the risk of fatty liver was much higher in those with obese mothers. This was independent of available confounders and suggests that the high prevalence of obesity in younger persons might lead to a higher risk of fatty liver in their offspring. (C) 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of European Association for the Study of the Liver.
Vitamin D status in pregnant women visiting a tertiary care center of North Eastern India; Background: Studies of vitamin D (VD) physiology suggest that effects of vitamin D deficiency (VDD) could be much broader than rickets including cardiovascular disease, cancers, diabetes, infection, and allergy and pregnancy complications. Data regarding the prevalence of hypovitaminosis in pregnancy are scanty especially in north eastern part of India. Therefore, this study has undertaken with the intention to find out prevalence and outcome of hypovitaminosis of VD in pregnancy. Materials and Method: In total, 177 pregnant women with singleton pregnancy, <16 weeks of gestational age, visited to antenatal clinic of our institute were consecutively enrolled for the study. The serum VD was estimated by Beckman coulter unicel DXI immunoassay system using the principle of Chemiluminescence. Incidence of vitamin deficiency and insufficiency calculated. VDD was defined as 25(OH)D levels in blood <20 ng/mL, and insufficiency of VD was defined as 25(OH)D levels <32 ng/mL. Antenatal complications, such as intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), oligohydramnios, pre-eclampsia, preterm labor, gestational diabetes, if any, were noted. Labor and delivery information including induction of labor, mode of delivery, and newborn birth weight were noted. Result: In total, 177 women recruited for the study. Mean age and parity of the subjects were 26.71 <plus/minus> 9.96 and 2.10 +/- 1.8, respectively. For detailed statistical analysis, women were divided into three groups depending upon their VD levels: deficiency group [25(OH)D level <20 ng/mL], insufficiency group [25(OH)D level <32 ng/mL], and sufficient group [25(OH)D level >32 ng/mL]. VDD was present in 84.18% subjects. VD insufficiency was present in 12.44% of cases. There is association of preeclampsia, cesarean section, and low birth weight babies with lower level of VD. Conclusion: This study showed that the prevalence of VDD in pregnancy is astonishingly high till now there is no guideline to screen antenatal women for VDD. As the test is costly even, offering it to all at-risk women may not be cost effective compared with offering universal supplementation, particularly as treatment is regarded as being very safe.
Pregnancy-associated arterial dissections: a nationwide cohort study; Aims Pregnancy is a known risk factor for arterial dissection, which can result in significant morbidity and mortality in the peripartum period. However, little is known about the risk factors, timing, distribution, and outcomes of arterial dissections associated with pregnancy Methods and results We included all women >= 12 years of age with hospitalizations associated with pregnancy and/or delivery in the Nationwide Readmissions Database between 2010 and 2015. The primary outcome was any dissection during pregnancy, delivery, or the postpartum period (42-days post-delivery). Secondary outcomes included timing of dissection, location of dissection, and in-hospital mortality. Among 18 151 897 pregnant patients, 993 (0.005%) patients were diagnosed with a pregnancy-related dissection. Risk factors included older age (32.8 vs. 28.0 years), multiple gestation (3.6% vs. 1.9%), gestational diabetes (14.3% vs. 0.2%), gestational hypertension (6.0% vs. 0.6%), and pre-eclampsia/eclampsia (2.7% vs. 0.4%), in addition to traditional cardiovascular risk factors. Of the 993 patients with dissection, 150 (15.1%) dissections occurred in the antepartum period, 232 (23.4%) were diagnosed during the admission for delivery, and 611 (61.5%) were diagnosed in the postpartum period. The most common locations for dissections were coronary (38.2%), vertebral (22.9%), aortic (19.8%), and carotid (19.5%). In-hospital mortality was 3.7% among pregnant patients with a dissection vs. <0.001% in patients without a dissection. Deaths were isolated to patients with an aortic (8.6%), coronary (4.2%), or supra-aortic (<2.5%) dissection Conclusion Arterial dissections occurred in 5.5/100 000 hospitalized pregnant or postpartum women, most frequently in the postpartum period, and were associated with high mortality risk. The coronary arteries were most commonly involved. Pregnancy-related dissections were associated with traditional risk factors, as well as pregnancy-specific conditions.
Management of newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the primary care setting: Effects of 2-years of gliclazide treatment - The diadem study; Five thousand five hundred seventy-two newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients (3,225 men and 2,347 women; mean age, 58.5 years) were recruited through the General Practitioners (GPs) network in France. All had persistent hyperglycemia after a preliminary 3-month period with dietary and life-style modification. Gliclazide (80 to 320 mg/d) was then prescribed as diabetic pharmacotherapy for 2 years. Additional therapy for hypertension and dyslipidemia was started if necessary. The aim of the study was mainly to determine the feasibility of a OF-directed protocol for the monitoring and treatment of newly diagnosed NIDDM patients, and to assess the effectiveness of diabetic therapy in this cohort. Diabetes was diagnosed in 78% of the cohort during routine screening. Among the women, 6.5% had a history of gestational diabetes. Eighteen percent of the patients had a parental history of diabetes, and the dominant maternal role in the genesis of NIDDM was confirmed. High blood pressure (Joint National Committee V criteria) was found at inclusion in 38.8% of the whole cohort. Hyperlipidemia was known in 44.6%. A history of stroke was present in 1.6% of the patients, and coronary heart disease (CHD) in 6.3%. These data support the relationship between the atherogenic state and development of NIDDM. Microalbuminuria defined as urinary albumin excretion (UAE) of at least 20 mg/L was found in 29.6% of the patients, and retinopathy in 9.8%. Among the included patients, 23% did not complete the study and were excluded from the efficacy analysis. Of these, 14% (808 patients) had only baseline evaluation data and 9% (499 patients) withdrew later. Comparison of mean baseline and final results in study completers uncovered a significant improvement in fasting blood glucose ([FBG] 182 +/- 48 v 137 +/- 40 mg/dL), post prandial blood glucose ([PPBG] 209 +/- 68 v 162 +/- 52 mg/dL), and hemoglobin A(1c) ([HbA(1c)] 8.7% +/- 2.5% v 7.3% +/- 2.0%). A slight improvement in total cholesterol (228 +/- 44 v 222 +/- 41 mg/dL), body mass index ([BMI] 28.5 +/- 4.7 v 27.9 +/- 4.5 kg/m(2)), and waist to hip ratio (0.99 +/- 0.1 v 0.98 +/- 0.1) was observed. There was a decrease in the percentage of patients with high blood pressure (38.5% v 30.7%). A mild increase in the prevalence of retinopathy (10.2% v 11.8%) was noted during the study, while the incidence of microalbuminuria remained unchanged (30.2% v 29.5%). In conclusion, the data indicate that the GPs involved in this study were able to successfully monitor and manage NIDDM patients in accordance with a standardized protocol. Gliclazide appeared to be an effective and well-tolerated treatment. The high prevalence of chronic diabetic complications at diagnosis emphasizes the delay encountered in reaching the diagnosis of NIDDM and the problems associated with this delay. In addition to the classic risk factors for NIDDM exhibited in this patient cohort, we have identified CHD and a maternal genetic component as further potential predicting factors. Copyright (C) 1997 by W.B. Saunders Company.
Liraglutide mitigates TNF- induced pro-atherogenic changes and microvesicle release in HUVEC from diabetic women; BackgroundTo evaluate whether exposure to GLP-1 receptor agonist Liraglutide could modulate pro-atherogenic alterations previously observed in endothelial cells obtained by women affected by gestational diabetes (GD), thus exposed in vivo to hyperglycemia, oxidative stress, and inflammation and to evaluate endothelial microvesicle (EMV) release, a new reliable biomarker of vascular stress/damage. MethodsWe studied Liraglutide effects and its plausible molecular mechanisms on monocyte cell adhesion and adhesion molecule expression and membrane exposure in control (C-) human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) as well as in HUVEC of women affected by GD exposed in vitro to TNF-. In the same model, we also investigated Liraglutide effects on EMV release. ResultsIn response to TNF-, endothelial monocyte adhesion and VCAM-1 and ICAM-1 expression and exposure on plasma membrane was greater in GD-HUVEC than C-HUVEC. This was the case also for EMV release. In GD-HUVEC, Liraglutide exposure significantly reduced TNF- induced endothelial monocyte adhesion as well as VCAM-1 and ICAM-1 expression and exposure on plasma membrane. In the same cells, Liraglutide exposure also reduced MAPK/NF-kB activation, peroxynitrite levels, and EMV release. ConclusionsTNF- induced pro-atherogenic alterations are amplified in endothelial cells chronically exposed to hyperglycemia in vivo. Liraglutide mitigates TNF- effects and reduces cell stress/damage indicators, such as endothelial microvesicle (EMV) release. These results foster the notion that Liraglutide could exert a protective effect against hyperglycemia and inflammation triggered endothelial dysfunction.
The Programming of Cardiac Hypertrophy in the Offspring by Maternal Obesity Is Associated with Hyperinsulinemia, AKT, ERK, and mTOR Activation; Human and animal studies suggest that suboptimal early nutrition during critical developmental periods impacts long-term health. For example, maternal overnutrition during pregnancy and lactation in mice programs insulin resistance, obesity, and endothelial dysfunction in the offspring. Here we investigated the effects of diet-induced maternal obesity on the offspring cardiac phenotype and explored potential underlying molecular mechanisms. Dams fed the obesogenic diet were heavier (P < 0.01) and fatter (P < 0.0001) than controls throughout pregnancy and lactation. There was no effect of maternal obesity on offspring body weight or body composition up to 8 wk of age. However, maternal obesity resulted in increased offspring cardiac mass (P < 0.05), increased heart-body weight (P < 0.01), heart weight-tibia length (P < 0.05), increased left ventricular free wall thickness and area (P < 0.01 and P < 0.05, respectively), and increased myocyte width (P < 0.001). Consistent with these structural changes, the expression of molecular markers of cardiac hypertrophy were also increased [Nppb(BNP), Myh7-Myh6(beta MHC-alpha MHC) (both P < 0.05) and mir-133a (P < 0.01)]. Offspring were hyperinsulinemic and displayed increased insulin action through AKT (P < 0.01), ERK (P < 0.05), and mammalian target of rapamycin (P < 0.05). p38MAPK phosphorylation was also increased (P < 0.05), suggesting pathological remodeling. Increased Ncf2(p67(phox)) expression (P < 0.05) and impaired manganese superoxide dismutase levels (P < 0.01) suggested oxidative stress, which was consistent with an increase in levels of 4-hydroxy-2-trans-nonenal (a measure of lipid peroxidation). We propose that maternal diet-induced obesity leads to offspring cardiac hypertrophy, which is independent of offspring obesity but is associated with hyperinsulinemia-induced activation of AKT, mammalian target of rapamycin, ERK, and oxidative stress. (Endocrinology 153: 5961-5971, 2012)
Advancing Health Disparities Research: The Need to Include Asian American Subgroup Populations; Background Despite recognition that the health outcomes of Asian American subgroups are heterogeneous, research has mainly focused on the six largest subgroups. There is limited knowledge of smaller subgroups and their health outcomes. This scoping review identifies trends in the health outcomes, reveals those which are under-researched, and provide recommendations on data collection with 24 Asian American subgroups. Methods Our literature search of peer-reviewed English language primary source articles published between 1991 and 2018 was conducted across six databases (Embase, PubMed, Web of Sciences, CINAHL, PsychINFO, Academic Search Complete) and Google Scholar, yielding 3844 articles. After duplicate removal, we independently screened 3413 studies to determine whether they met inclusion criteria. Seventy-six studies were identified for inclusion in this review. Data were extracted on study characteristics, content, and findings. Findings Seventy-six studies met the inclusion criteria. The most represented subgroups were Chinese (n = 74), Japanese (n = 60), and Filipino (n = 60), while Indonesian (n = 1), Malaysian (n = 1), and Burmese (n = 1) were included in only one or two studies. Several Asian American subgroups listed in the 2010 U.S. Census were not represented in any of the studies. Overall, the most studied health conditions were cancer (n = 29), diabetes (n = 13), maternal and infant health (n = 10), and cardiovascular disease (n = 9). Studies showed that health outcomes varied greatly across subgroups. Conclusions More research is required to focus on smaller-sized subgroup populations to obtain accurate results and address health disparities for all groups.
Non-industrialised countries and affluence; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes is rising rapidly in all non-industrialised populations. By 2025, three-quarters of the world's 300 million adults with diabetes will be in non-industrialised countries, and almost a third in India and China alone. There is strong evidence that this epidemic has been triggered by social and economic development and urbanisation, which are associated with general improvements in nutrition and longevity, but also with obesity, reduced physical exercise and other diabetogenic factors. There is evidence too that fetal growth retardation and growth failure in infancy, both still widespread in non-industrialised populations, increase susceptibility to diabetes. An additional factor may be intergenerational effects of gestational diabetes occurring in mothers who grew poorly in early life and become obese as adults. Prevention of type 2 diabetes will require measures to promote exercise and reduce obesity in adults and children, alongside programmes to achieve healthy fetal and infant growth.
Risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus: An exposure-wide umbrella review of meta-analyses; Background Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a global epidemic associated with increased health expenditure, and low quality of life. Many non-genetic risk factors have been suggested, but their overall epidemiological credibility has not been assessed. Methods We searched PubMed to capture all meta-analyses and Mendelian randomization studies for risk factors of T2DM. For each association, we estimated the summary effect size, its 95% confidence and prediction interval, and the 12 metric. We examined the presence of small-study effects and excess significance bias. We assessed the epidemiological credibility through a set of predefined criteria. Results We captured 86 eligible papers (142 associations) covering a wide range of biomarkers, medical conditions, and dietary, lifestyle, environmental and psychosocial factors. Adiposity, low hip circumference, serum biomarkers (increased level of alanine aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyl transferase, uric acid and C-reactive protein, and decreased level of adiponectin and vitamin D), an unhealthy dietary pattern (increased consumption of processed meat and sugar-sweetened beverages, decreased intake of whole grains, coffee and heme iron, and low adherence to a healthy dietary pattern), low level of education and conscientiousness, decreased physical activity, high sedentary time and duration of television watching, low alcohol drinking, smoking, air pollution, and some medical conditions (high systolic blood pressure, late menarche age, gestational diabetes, metabolic syndrome, preterm birth) presented robust evidence for increased risk of T2DM. Conclusions A healthy lifestyle pattern could lead to decreased risk for T2DM. Future randomized clinical trials should focus on identifying efficient strategies to modify harmful daily habits and predisposing dietary patterns.
Polycystic ovarian syndrome - prognosis and outcomes; Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is a condition that is present in 5-6% of women of reproductive age. It has potentially profound implications for women with regard to anovulatory infertility and symptoms related to elevated androgen levels. In addition, in later life women are prone to significant health problems related to hyperinsulinaemia, with an excess risk for diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors. Evidence suggests that the adverse features of PCOS can be ameliorated with lifestyle intervention, such as diet and exercise, while further short-term benefits related to ovulation and cardiac risk factors may be derived from medication with metformin. Evidence for the long-term use of metformin to protect against adverse cardiovascular outcomes and for the use of metformin throughout pregnancy to reduce the risk of miscarriage, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and fetal macrosomia is still lacking.
Harmonising research outcomes for polycystic ovary syndrome: an international multi-stakeholder core outcome set; STUDY QUESTION: What are the key core outcomes to be reported in studies on polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)? SUMMARY ANSWER: We identified 3 generic and 30 specific core outcomes in 6 specialist domains: metabolic (8), reproductive (7), pregnancy (10), oncological (1 ), psychological (I ) and long-term outcomes (1 ). WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Research reporting PCOS is heterogeneous with high variation in outcome selection, definition and quality. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Evidence synthesis and a modified Delphi method with e-surveys were used as well as a consultation meeting. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Overall, 71 health professionals and 123 lay consumers (women with lived experience of PCOS and members of advocacy and peer support groups) from 17 high-, middle- and low-income countries were involved in this analysis. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: The final core outcome set included 3 generic outcomes (BMI, quality of life, treatment satisfaction) that are applicable to all studies on women with PCOS and 30 specific outcomes that were categorised into six specialist domains: 8 metabolic outcomes (waist circumference, type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance, hypertension, coronary heart disease, lipid profile, venous thromboembolic disease); 7 reproductive outcomes [viable pregnancy (confirmed by ultrasound including singleton, twins and higher multiples), clinical and biochemical hyperandrogenism, menstrual regularity, reproductive hormonal profile, chronic anovulation, ovulation stimulation success including the number of stimulated follicles >= 12 mm, incidence and severity of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome]; 10 pregnancy outcomes (live birth, miscarriage, stillbirth, neonatal mortality, gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, hypertensive disease in pregnancy, baby birth weight, major congenital abnormalities); 3 psychological outcomes (depression, anxiety, eating disorders); I oncological (abnormal endometrial proliferation including atypical endometrial hyperplasia and endometrial cancer); and I outcome in the long-term domain (long-term offspring metabolic and developmental outcomes). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: We involved lay consumers in all stages of study through e-surveys but not through focus groups, thereby limiting our understanding of their chokes. We did not address the variations in the definitions and measurement tools for some of the core outcomes. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Implementing this core outcome set in future studies on women with PCOS will improve the quality of reporting and aid evidence synthesis.
No effect of modest selenium supplementation on insulin resistance in UK pregnant women, as assessed by plasma adiponectin concentration; Concern has been expressed recently that Se may increase the risk of type 2 diabetes, but this has not been tested in a randomised-controlled trial (RCT) in pregnant women. We took advantage of having stored plasma samples from the Se in Pregnancy Intervention (SPRINT) RCT of Se supplementation in pregnancy to test the effect of Se supplementation on a marker of insulin resistance in UK pregnant women. Because our blood samples were not fasted, we measured plasma adiponectin concentration, a recognised marker of insulin resistance that gives valid measurements in non-fasted samples, as diurnal variability is minor and there is no noticeable effect of food intake. In SPRINT, 230 primiparous UK women were randomised to treatment with Se (60 mu g/d) or placebo from 12 weeks of gestation until delivery. We hypothesised that supplementation with Se at a nutritional level would not exacerbate the fall in adiponectin concentration that occurs in normal pregnancy, indicating the lack of an adverse effect on insulin resistance. Indeed, there was no significant difference between the two groups in the change in adiponectin from 12 to 35 weeks (P=0.938), nor when the analysis was restricted to the bottom or top quartiles of baseline whole-blood Se (P = 0.515 and 0.858, respectively). Cross-sectionally, adiponectin concentration was not associated with any parameter of Se status, either at 12 or 35 weeks. It is reassuring that a nutritional dose of Se had no adverse effect on the concentration of adiponectin, a biomarker of insulin resistance, in pregnant women of modest Se status.
Sleep disordered breathing in pregnancy: A review of the pathophysiology of adverse pregnancy outcomes; Sleep disordered breathing (SDB) is a common obesity-related co-morbidity with strong associations to cardiometabolic disease. The risk of SDB is increased during pregnancy, particularly among obese pregnant women. Accumulating evidence suggests that an association exists between maternal SDB and the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes, particularly gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Intermittent hypoxia, a central characteristic of SDB, has been shown in animal and clinical studies to dysregulate several biological pathways. This includes the promotion of oxidative stress, increased inflammation, activation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, increased sympathetic activity and impaired glucose and insulin metabolism. This review considers how, during pregnancy, these pathophysiological processes are plausible mechanisms through which SDB may contribute to an increased risk of adverse outcomes, for the mother and perhaps also the offspring. However, a lack of robust evidence specific to the pregnant population, including limited evaluation of the placental function in affected pregnancies, limits our ability to draw definite conclusions on mechanisms contributing to adverse pregnancy outcomes and, indeed, the strength of association between SDB and certain pregnancy complications.
Evidence That Multiple Defects in Lipid Regulation Occur before Hyperglycemia during the Prodrome of Type-2 Diabetes; Background: Blood-vessel dysfunction arises before overt hyperglycemia in type-2 diabetes (T2DM). We hypothesised that a metabolomic approach might identify metabolites/pathways perturbed in this pre-hyperglycemic phase. To test this hypothesis and for specific metabolite hypothesis generation, serum metabolic profiling was performed in young women at increased, intermediate and low risk of subsequent T2DM. Methods: Participants were stratified by glucose tolerance during a previous index pregnancy into three risk-groups: overt gestational diabetes (GDM; n = 18); those with glucose values in the upper quartile but below GDM levels (UQ group; n = 45); and controls (n = 43, below the median glucose values). Follow-up serum samples were collected at a mean 22 months postnatally. Samples were analysed in a random order using Ultra Performance Liquid Chromatography coupled to an electrospray hybrid LTQ-Orbitrap mass spectrometer. Statistical analysis included principal component (PCA) and multivariate methods. Findings: Significant between-group differences were observed at follow-up in waist circumference (86, 95% CI (79-91) vs 80 (76-84) cm for GDM vs controls, p<0.05), adiponectin (about 33% lower in GDM group, p = 0.004), fasting glucose, postprandial glucose and HbA(1c), but the latter 3 all remained within the 'normal' range. Substantial differences in metabolite profiles were apparent between the 2 'at-risk' groups and controls, particularly in concentrations of phospholipids (4 metabolites with p <= 0.01), acylcarnitines (3 with p <= 0.02), short-and long-chain fatty acids (3 with p<=0.03), and diglycerides (4 with p <= 0.05). Interpretation: Defects in adipocyte function from excess energy storage as relatively hypoxic visceral and hepatic fat, and impaired mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation may initiate the observed perturbations in lipid metabolism. Together with evidence from the failure of glucose-directed treatments to improve cardiovascular outcomes, these data and those of others indicate that a new, quite different definition of type-2 diabetes is required. This definition would incorporate disturbed lipid metabolism prior to hyperglycemia.
Epidemiology, diagnosis, and management of polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common heterogeneous endocrine disorder characterized by irregular menses, hyperandrogenism, and polycystic ovaries. The prevalence of PCOS varies depending on which criteria are used to make the diagnosis, but is as high as 15%-20% when the European Society for Human Reproduction and Embryology/American Society for Reproductive Medicine criteria are used. Clinical manifestations include oligomenorrhea or amenorrhea, hirsutism, and frequently infertility. Risk factors for PCOS in adults includes type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, and gestational diabetes. Insulin resistance affects 50%-70% of women with PCOS leading to a number of comorbidities including metabolic syndrome, hypertension, dyslipidemia, glucose intolerance, and diabetes. Studies show that women with PCOS are more likely to have increased coronary artery calcium scores and increased carotid intima-media thickness. Mental health disorders including depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder and binge eating disorder also occur more frequently in women with PCOS. Weight loss improves menstrual irregularities, symptoms of androgen excess, and infertility. Management of clinical manifestations of PCOS includes oral contraceptives for menstrual irregularities and hirsutism. Spironolactone and finasteride are used to treat symptoms of androgen excess. Treatment options for infertility include clomiphene, laparoscopic ovarian drilling, gonadotropins, and assisted reproductive technology. Recent data suggest that letrozole and metformin may play an important role in ovulation induction. Proper diagnosis and management of PCOS is essential to address patient concerns but also to prevent future metabolic, endocrine, psychiatric, and cardiovascular complications.
Mitochondrial diseases and gestation; We report the case of a primigravid woman with a mitochondrial disorder affecting the energy-generating pathway of oxidative phosphorylation discovered 3 years after the appearance of progressive proximal tubular renal insufficiency, muscular weakness, bilateral optical neuropathy and diffuse leucoencephalopathy detected on magnetic resonance imaging of the brain. Her diagnosis was made on the basis of abnormal mitochondria on a muscle biopsy and of specto-photometric deficiencies of the complexes I, II, III and IV of the respiratory chain. The search for specific genetic mutation was negative. Her pregnancy was complicated by severe pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes requiring insulin, and severe renal failure, necessitating premature delivery by cesarean section at 30 weeks gestation. The evolution of the 1070g female neonate was uneventful, and at two years of age she shows no signs of mitochondrial disease. However, the mother's postpartum was complicated by seizures and terminal renal failure, for which she is currently having dialysis whilst waiting for a renal transplant in the near future.
Prenatal psychosocial stress exposure is associated with insulin resistance in young adults; OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to examine the association in humans between maternal psychosocial stress exposure during pregnancy and measures of glucose-insulin metabolism in the adult offspring. STUDY DESIGN: Healthy young adults whose mothers experienced major stressful life events during their pregnancy (n = 36, prenatal stress, PS group, mean age 25 +/- 5.14 [SD] years) and a comparison group (n = 22, CG, mean age 24 +/- 3.7 [SD] years) underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. RESULTS: Glucose levels were not significantly different across the groups; however, prenatally stressed subjects showed significantly elevated 2-hour insulin (P = .01) and C-peptide levels (P = .03). These differences were independent of other major risk factors for insulin resistance, including birth phenotype (birthweight, length of gestation), a family history of diabetes, gestational diabetes, body mass index, proinflammatory state, and smoking. CONCLUSION: Higher insulin responses reflect relative insulin resistance in these prenatally stressed young adults. This study is the first to provide evidence for a link in humans between prenatal psychosocial stress exposure and alterations in glucose-insulin metabolic function.
Recreational Exercise Before and During Pregnancy in Relation to Plasma C-Reactive Protein Concentrations in Pregnant Women; Background: Pregnant women who are physically active have a lower risk of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes than women who are less active. One possible mechanism is a reduction in low-grade inflammation, as measured by plasma concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP). The association between exercise and CRP in pregnant women, however, has not been adequately investigated. Methods: A total of 537 pregnant women, enrolled around the 17th week of gestation in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study in 2003 to 2004, were studied. Self-reported recreational exercise was recalled for both 3 months before pregnancy and early pregnancy. The total energy expenditure from recreational exercise (total recreational exercise, metabolic equivalent of task [MET]-hr/week) was estimated, and low-, moderate- and vigorous-intensity exercise was defined. Plasma CRP concentrations were measured during pregnancy. Results: In adjusted linear regression models, mean CRP concentration was 1.0% lower [95% CI = -1.9% to 0.2%] with each 1 MET-hr/week of total recreational exercise before pregnancy. In addition, vigorous-intensity exercise before pregnancy was more strongly related to a reduction in CRP levels than low- or moderate-intensity exercise. However, we observed no association between recreational exercise during pregnancy and plasma CRP levels. Conclusions: Recreational exercise before pregnancy, especially vigorous exercise, may reduce the risk of maternal inflammation during pregnancy.
Obstetric conditions and the placental weight ratio; Introduction: To elucidate how obstetric conditions are associated with atypical placental weight ratios (PWR)s in infants born: (a) >= 37 weeks gestation; (b) at >= 33 but <37 weeks gestation; and (c) <33 weeks gestation. Methods: The study included all in-hospital singleton births in London, Ontario between June 1, 2006 and March 31, 2011. PWR was assessed as <10th or >90th percentile by gestational age-specific local population standards. Multivariable analysis was carried out using multinomial logistic regression with blockwise variable entry in order of temporality. Results: Baseline factors and maternal obstetric conditions associated with PWR <10th percentile were: increasing maternal height, overweight and obese body mass indexes (BMI), large for gestational age infants, smoking, and gestational diabetes. Obstetric factors associated with PWR >90th percentile were: underweight, overweight and obese BMIs, smoking, preeclampsia, placenta previa, and placental abruption. In particular, indicators of hypoxia and altered placental function were generally associated with elevated PWR at all gestations. Discussion: An association between obstetric conditions associated with fetal hypoxia and PWR >90th percentile was illustrated. Conclusions: The multivariable findings suggest that the PWR is similarly increased regardless of the etiology of the hypoxia. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Periodontal diseases and adverse pregnancy outcomes; From last decade of the 20th century, numerous epidemiological studies and intervention trials have attempted to prove the relationships between maternal periodontal diseases and adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO). Periodontal diseases are considered a risk factor for APO, including preterm birth, fetal growth restriction, low birthweight, pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. However, the efficacy of periodontal treatment during pregnancy is controversial. Two pathogenic mechanisms might explain the potential effect of periodontal diseases on pregnancy outcomes. First, periodontal bacteria originating in the gingival biofilm directly affect the feto-placental unit subsequent to bacteremia. Second, inflammatory mediators secreted by the subgingival inflammatory site are carried to the feto-placental unit, where they then cause an inflammatory response. To elucidate these mechanisms, many researchers have been investigating the use of experimental animal models and in vitro models. In the present review, we summarize the current literature on the relationship between periodontal diseases and APO from epidemiological studies, animal models studies and in vitro studies, and speculate on the possible mechanism of periodontal diseases affecting pregnancy outcomes.
Lipid metabolism during pregnancy: consequences for mother and child; Purpose of review Accommodating fetal growth and development, women undergo multiple physiological changes during pregnancy. In recent years, several studies contributed to the accumulating evidence about the impact of gestational hyperlipidemia on cardiovascular risk for mother and child. This review aims to provide a comprehensive overview of the current research on lipid profile alterations during pregnancy and its associated (cardiovascular) outcomes for mother and child from a clinical perspective. Recent findings In a normal pregnancy, total and LDL-cholesterol levels increase by approximately 30-50%, HDL-cholesterol by 20-40%, and triglycerides by 50-100%. In some women, for example, with familial hypercholesterolemia (FH), a more atherogenic lipid profile is observed. Dyslipidemia during pregnancy is found to be associated with adverse (cardiovascular) outcomes for the mother (e.g. preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, metabolic syndrome, unfavorable lipid profile) and for the child (e.g. preterm birth, large for gestational age, preatherosclerotic lesions, unfavorable lipid profile). Summary The lipid profile of women during pregnancy provides a unique window of opportunity into the potential future cardiovascular risk for mother and child. Better knowledge about adverse outcomes and specific risk groups could lead to better risk assessment and earlier cardiovascular prevention. Future research should investigate implementation of gestational screening possibilities.
Diabetes and the Kidney in Pregnancy; The prevalence of diabetes in pregnant women is increasing, with 4% of deliveries in the United States occurring in women with pregestational or gestational diabetes. The proteinuria of late pregnancy is exaggerated in women with diabetes. However, diabetic women with preserved renal function before pregnancy appear to have little risk of deterioration of kidney function during pregnancy. Women with impaired renal function before pregnancy may be at risk for permanent decline of renal function during pregnancy, although it is unclear whether this represents the effect of pregnancy or the natural history of their diabetic renal disease. Preeclampsia, which is more common in women with diabetes, may be difficult to diagnose in this group of women. From the currently available literature, there appears to be no negative effect of pregnancy on the long-term progression of diabetic renal disease if renal function is normal and marked proteinuria is absent, but in light of recent findings in which preeclampsia appears to be associated with an increased risk of end-stage renal disease, large cohort studies will be necessary before this question can be definitively answered. Semin Nephrol 31:59-69 (C) 2011 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Sex and Gender Aspects in regard to clinical Practice recommendations for Pre Diabetes and Diabetes mellitus; Metabolic diseases dramatically affect life of men and women from infancy up to old age and are a major challenge for clinicians. Health professionals are confronted with different needs of women and men. This article aims at an increase of gender awareness and the implementation of current knowledge of gender medicine in daily clinical practice with regard to prediabetes and diabetes. Sex and gender affect screening and diagnosis of metabolic diseases as well as treatment strategies and outcome. Impaired glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution are related to steroid hormones and therefore impose their influence on cardiovascular health in both men and women. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors relate to development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at younger age and at lower BMI compared to women, but women feature a dramatic increase of their cardiometabolic risk after menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with higher increase of vascular death in women, but higher increase of cancer death in men. In women pre-diabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavourable changes of coagulation and blood pressure. Pre-diabetic and diabetic women are at much higher risk for vascular disease (3-6 times compared to non-diabetic women) than diabetic men (2-3 times compared to healthy males). Women are more often obese and less physically active, but may even have greater benefit from increased physical activity than males. Whereas men predominantly feature impaired fasting glucose, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or the presence of a PCOS or increased androgen levels in women, on the other hand the presence of erectile dysfunction (ED) or decreased testosterone levels in men are sex specific risk factors for diabetes development. ED is a common feature of obese men with the Metabolic Syndrome and an important predictor of cardiovascular disease. Several studies showed that diabetic women reach their targets of metabolic control (HbA1c), blood pressure and LDL-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons for worse treatment outcome in diabetic females are not clear. Furthermore, sex differences in action, pharmacokinetics, and side effects of pharmacological therapy have to be taken into account.
The diabetic pregnancy, macrosomia, and perinatal nutritional programming; Health and diseases are generally perceived to be caused genetically. It is meanwhile accepted, however, that alterations in the intrauterine and early postnatal nutritional, metabolic, and hormonal environment may also predispose to disorders and diseases throughout later life. Studies in the offspring of diabetic mothers (ODM) have decisively contributed to this perception and our understanding of causal mechanisms. It has long been known that hormones are environment-dependent organizers of the developing neuroendocrine-immune network, which regulates all fundamental processes of life. When present in non-physiological concentrations during critical periods of development, induced by altered intrauterine and/or neonatal environment, hormones can therefore also act as endogenous functional teratogens. Fetal and neonatal hyperinsulinism is the pathognomic feature in ODM. Epidemiological, clinical, as well as experimental data obtained by our group indicate that insulin itself, when occurring in elevated concentrations during perinatal life, may program the development of obesity and diabetes. Similar situations may occur due to maternal overweight accompanied by increased fetal food supply, and neonatal overfeeding. From a clinical point of view, general screening and therapy of all types of diabetes during pregnancy as well as avoidance of early postnatal overfeeding are therefore recommended. These measures might serve as causal approaches to a genuine primary prevention. Copyright (C) 2008 Nestec Ltd., Vevey/S. Karger AG, Basel.
Spontaneous cerebral infarction in a full-term neonate; Background. Cerebral vascular accident (CVA) is an important cause of hemorrhagic or ischemic cerebral injury and increases neonatal morbidity and mortality. It occurs in 1/4000 term neonates. We report a case of a neonate with a spontaneous CVA. Case report. We present the case of a newborn (NB) who was delivered from a 31-year old mother. It was the second pregnancy with 41.5 weeks of gestation. The mother presented gestational diabetes controlled only by dietary therapy. A 3640-g, apparently healthy female was obtained by cesarean delivery that was indicated due to cephalopelvic disproportion. Apgar scores were 8-9 according to the conventional time points. The pediatrician used only initial steps of reanimation. During the first day of life, the infant presented a deviation of the right mouth commissure and tonic-clonic movements on the right half of the body two times. The newborn was treated with phenobarbital intravenous infusion. Laboratory tests were all normal, and cultures of cerebrospinal fluid and blood were considered negative. A head sonogram showed no evidence of hemorrhage or ventricular distortion but a cranial CT reported a low-density zone suggesting a cerebral infarction in the left parietal and temporal regions. Conclusions. We continued to treat with phenobarbital and acetylsalicylic acid and the patient remained asymptomatic prior to discharge at the 7th day of life, recommending follow-up with a pediatric neurologist.
Hypothyroidism in first-degree relatives of neonates with congenital hypothyroidism: Is there an association?; Background: Recent studies have shown an increased incidence of congenital hypothyroidism (CH), especially in the middle-east region. The exact etiology is unknown; however, it has been related to several factors, the most noticeable being the high prevalence of transient CH (TCH), parental consanguinity, and the history of hypothyroidism in relatives. We sought to determine the impact of hypothyroidism in the relatives of patients with the observed trend. Methods: We included all patients with primary CH detected through the Newborn Screening (NBS) Program from 2007 to 2016. We analyzed the impact of consanguinity relationship, parental and siblings' thyroid function, second-degree relatives' thyroid function, parental educational level, age, and maternal gestational diabetes on the development of permanent CH (PCH) and TCH. Results: A total of 1447 consecutive eligible patients were recruited during the study period. Of this number, 1171 (81%) were diagnosed with CH: 623 (53.2%) had PCH and 548 (46.8%) had TCH. Six hundred thirty-three (54.1%) participants were men, and 814 (69.5%) had a history of relatives' hypothyroidism. Our data analysis revealed a significant difference regarding the male gender, having a history of relatives' hypothyroidism, and parental hypothyroidism compared to TCH ones (P < 0.05). Patients with a history of relatives' hypothyroidism had significantly higher PCH than TCH (P < 0.0001). However, consanguineous marriage was not comparable in patients regardless of their history of relatives' hypothyroidism (P-value >0.884). Conclusions: Our findings indicated the role of the history of hypothyroidism in neonates' relatives in the evolution of the PCH. Meanwhile, consanguineous marriage did not impress the development of PCH and TCH.
Obstetric outcomes in 102 pregnancies after preimplantation genetic diagnosis; OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine whether preimplantation genetic diagnosis is associated with particular pregnancy or delivery complications. STUDY DESIGN: A total of 102 consecutive pregnancies after preimplantation genetic diagnosis by polar body removal performed at Illinois Masonic Medical Center resulting in 114 live births were analyzed. All patients were given a delivery and newborn questionnaire, and attempts were made to contact and question them regarding any pregnancy complications and type of delivery. Permission was obtained to examine medical records and discuss the patient's pregnancy with her obstetrician when questions existed with respect to complications or indication for cesarean delivery. RESULTS: Delivery and newborn questionnaires were completed or telephone contact was achieved for 100 of the 102 pregnancies. There were 85 singleton, 9 twin, and 7 triplet pregnancies. Of the 7 triplet gestations, 3 couples elected multifetal pregnancy reduction to twins and healthy triplets were born to 4 couples between 32 and 36 weeks by cesarean delivery. Of the 80 singleton deliveries, 60 (75%) progressed to term. Of these 60 term singleton deliveries, 34 were vaginal, 23 were cesarean (40%), and 3 delivery types were unknown. The incidence of small-for-gestational-age infants was 3% for neonates in the 60 term singleton deliveries and 7% in the entire cohort of 80 singleton deliveries. Only 3 pregnancy complications (other than premature delivery) were reported more than once. There were 3 instances each of gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, and pregnancy-induced hypertension. There was 1 case each of HELLP (hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets) syndrome, congestive heart failure, mild oligohydramnios, and abruptio placentae, The indications for cesarean delivery were (in descending order) failure of labor to progress (n = 7), fetal distress (n = 4), placenta previa (n = 4), elective repeat cesarean delivery (n = 4), triplets (n = 3), uterine scarring (n = 3), 1 twin in the breech position (n = 3), failed forceps delivery (n = 2), and a variety of other indications that occurred in only 1 patient each. All preimplantation genetic diagnoses were confirmed by prenatal or postnatal testing. No diagnostic errors were made in this cohort of patients or in any patients undergoing preimplantation genetic diagnosis having polar body removal in our center. CONCLUSIONS: Preimplantation genetic diagnosis is associated with a risk of multiple gestations, cesarean delivery, and placenta previa. Cesarean delivery rates and multiple gestation rates are comparable to those of patients undergoing in vitro fertilization in general. The preimplantation genetic diagnosis itself does not seem to cause an increased risk for any particular pregnancy complication, with the possible exception of placenta previa, which was seen in 4% of patients.
Two Risk-Scoring Systems for Predicting Incident Diabetes Mellitus in US Adults Age 45 to 64 Years; Background: Simple prediction scores could help identify adults at high risk for diabetes. Objective: To derive and validate scoring systems by using longitudinal data from a study that repeatedly tested for incident diabetes. Design: Prospective cohort, divided into derivation and validation samples. Setting: The ARIC (Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities) study, which followed participants for 14.9 years beginning in 1987 to 1989. Participants: 12 729 U. S. adults (baseline age, 45 to 64 years; 22.8% black). Follow-up was 96.1% at 5 years and 72.2% at 10 years. Measurements: Anthropometry, blood pressure, and pulse (basic system) plus a fasting blood specimen assayed for common analytes (enhanced system). Diabetes was identified in 18.9% of participants. Risk score integer points were derived from proportional hazard coefficients associated with baseline categorical variables and quintiles of continuous variables. Results: The basic scoring system included waist circumference (10 to 35 points); maternal diabetes (13 points); hypertension (11 points); and paternal diabetes, short stature, black race, age 55 years or older, increased weight, rapid pulse, and smoking history (<= 8 points each). The enhanced system included glucose (6 to 28 points); waist circumference (5 to 21 points); maternal diabetes (8 points); and triglycerides, black race, paternal diabetes, low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration, short stature, high uric acid, age 55 years or older, hypertension, rapid pulse, and nonuse of alcohol (<= 7 points each). When applied to the validation sample, ascending quintiles of the basic system were associated with a 10-year incidence of diabetes of 5.3%, 8.7%, 15.5%, 24.5%, and 33.0%, respectively. Quintiles of the enhanced system were associated with a 10-year incidence of 3.5%, 6.4%, 11.5%, 19.3%, and 46.1%. Limitations: The risk scoring systems had no question regarding previous gestational diabetes, and knowledge of parental diabetes may be uncertain. The analyzed cohort was restricted by age and race; the systems may be less effective in other samples. Conclusion: Basic information identified adults at high risk for diabetes. Additional data from fasting blood tests better identified those at extreme risk.
The Growing Epidemic of Diabetes Mellitus; Background: During the past decades, the prevalence of diabetes (DM) has increased significantly, mainly as a result of continuous rise in the incidence of type 2 DM. According to World Health Organization statistics, >422 million adults globally were suffering from DM in 2014 and a continuous rise in DM prevalence is expected. Objective: The present review considers recent epidemiological data providing worldwide estimates regarding the incidence of DM. Methods: A comprehensive literature search was conducted to identify available data from epidemiological studies evaluating the current burden of DM. Results: Over the past few decades the prevalence of DM has risen significantly in nearly all countries and may be considered as a growing epidemic. Urbanization and income status are major factors which influence current rates in the prevalence studies introducing interesting differences between several population groups. Conclusion: Having recognized the global burden of DM, we now realize the urgent need for effective interventions. In order to monitor the public-health strategies and design effective future interventions we need reliable global estimates regarding the prevalence of DM.
Donors at risk: obesity; A combination of waist circumference and body mass index (BMI) is recommended for the clinical assessment of overweight and obesity. 1 Consideration of differential risk according to ethnicity should be undertaken. Obesity (BMI > 30 kg/m(2)) should be considered a relative contraindication to donation. Potential donors who are obese should be very carefully assessed for risk factors associated with chronic kidney disease (CKD) (i.e. impaired glucose tolerance, hypertension, proteinuria). The presence of obesity and a second risk factor should be considered as a contraindication to donation. Age of the donor should be taken into consideration in determining donor suitability as obesity precedes the development of risk factors for future kidney disease. Additional markers of increased risk include family history of diabetes, history of gestational diabetes or high-risk ethnic group. The obese donor should be counselled regarding the: - increased risk of perioperative morbidity, and - absence of long-term safety data. Acceptance for donor nephrectomy will require a careful consideration of donor and recipient circumstances and involve acceptance by the donor of probable but unquantifiable future risk. Obese donors should be carefully followed up and data submitted to the live donor registry.
Role of reactive oxygen species in female reproduction. Part I. Oxidative stress: a general overview; Oxidative stress occurs when there is an elevated concentration of intracellular reactive oxygen species in a steady state condition. When the balance between reactive oxygen species and antioxidants is tipped towards overabundance of ROS, oxidative stress results. Oxidative stress has been implicated in the etiology of multiple diseases like atherosclerosis, Alzheimer's and ageing. This article addresses and reviews the literature on the role of free radicals in female reproduction. Free radicals influence the entire reproductive span of a woman' life and even during menopause. Review of the literature emphasizes that oxidative stress acts as a mediator in the modulation of important ovarian functions, endometrial cyclical changes, embryo development, tubal functions, pregnancy, and its complications such as abortions, recurrent pregnancy losses, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes. Oxidative stress influences the outcome of natural and assisted fertility and plays a role in the etiopathogenesis of various causes of infertility i.e. endometriosis. Infertility is a problem with huge magnitude, and multiple etiological factors. The etiology of unexplained infertility and recurrent pregnancy loss remains unclear and is a scientific challenge. The treatment is mainly empirical. Oxidative stress may be a piece in this puzzle. Pregnancy is a state of oxidative stress as revealed by number of studies demonstrating elevated levels of the oxidative stress biomarkers. The redox state, influences the maintenance of uterine quiescence in pregnancy via the paracrine effects of nitric oxide radical on the myometrium, inhibiting uterine contractions. Oxidative stress at parturition up regulates the antioxidant reserves of the neonate, but its role in initiation of labor is not known. Preterm fetuses are susceptible to free radical induced injuries, retinopathy and bronchopulmonary dysplasia. Currently available studies on antioxidant supplementation have been reviewed. In this paper we will discuss the role of various antioxidants both in-vivo and in-vitro, in overcoming oxidative stress affecting female reproductive tract pathologies. Clinical evidence on the role of antioxidants in modulating disease outcomes in female reproduction is equivocal. Trials investigating combination intervention strategy of vitamin E and vitamin C supplementation in preventing preeclampsia are highlighted. There is ongoing research investigating the exact mechanisms by which oxidative stress causes pathological processes affecting female reproduction i.e. infertility abortions, preeclampsia and fetal embryopathies and to design strategies for surmounting oxidative stress.
IMPACT OF FAMILY HISTORY OF DIABETES ON DIABETES CONTROL AND COMPLICATIONS; Objective: Our aim was to assess the impact of parental and sibling history of type 2 diabetes (T2D) on patient characteristics, glycemic control, and T2D complications. Methods: This cross-sectional study included adults with T2D. Type 1 diabetes and gestational diabetes patients were excluded. The laboratory data were retrieved from the patients' electronic files, and baseline measurements were obtained by the researchers. Results: The study included a total of 511 T2D patients, with a mean age of 60.1 +/- 10.9 years and mean hemoglobin A1c of 8.94 +/- 2.1% (74.2 +/- 22.9 mmol/mol). Of these patients, 54% were male and 49.7% had a parental history of T2D. The patients with parental history of T2D were diagnosed at a younger age and had a higher body mass index (BMI) (P = .035) and higher waist circumference (WC) (P = .013) than those T2D patients with no parental history. Approximately 60% of the participants had siblings with a history of T2D, and in comparison with those with no sibling history, they had higher prevalence of cerebrovascular accidents (P = .02). Conclusion: Having a parental history of T2D is significantly associated with diagnosis at a younger age and a higher BMI and WC. Having a sibling history of T2D is significantly associated with worse cerebrovascular outcome.
Enterocyte HKDC1 Modulates Intestinal Glucose Absorption in Male Mice Fed a High-fat Diet; Hexokinase domain containing protein-1, or HKDC1, is a widely expressed hexokinase that is genetically associated with elevated 2-hour gestational blood glucose levels during an oral glucose tolerance test, suggesting a role for HKDC1 in postprandial glucose regulation during pregnancy. Our earlier studies utilizing mice containing global HKDC1 knockdown, as well as hepatic HKDC1 overexpression and knockout, indicated that HKDC1 is important for whole-body glucose homeostasis in aging and pregnancy, through modulation of glucose tolerance, peripheral tissue glucose utilization, and hepatic energy storage. However, our knowledge of the precise role(s) of HKDC1 in regulating postprandial glucose homeostasis under normal and diabetic conditions is lacking. Since the intestine is the main entry portal for dietary glucose, here we have developed an intestine-specific HKDC1 knockout mouse model, HKDC1(Int-/-), to determine the in vivo role of intestinal HKDC1 in regulating glucose homeostasis. While no overt glycemic phenotype was observed, aged HKDC1(Int-/-) mice fed a high-fat diet exhibited an increased glucose excursion following an oral glucose load compared with mice expressing intestinal HKDC1. This finding resulted from glucose entry via the intestinal epithelium and is not due to differences in insulin levels, enterocyte glucose utilization, or reduction in peripheral skeletal muscle glucose uptake. Assessment of intestinal glucose transporters in high-fat diet-fed HKDC1(Int-/-) mice suggested increased apical GLUT2 expression in the fasting state. Taken together, our results indicate that intestinal HKDC1 contributes to the modulation of postprandial dietary glucose transport across the intestinal epithelium under conditions of enhanced metabolic stress, such as high-fat diet.
Adapted Diabetes Prevention Program Lifestyle Intervention Can Be Effectively Delivered Through Telehealth; Purpose The purpose of this study was to assess the feasibility of delivering an adapted group-based version of the Diabetes Prevention Program's (DPP) lifestyle intervention through telehealth video conferencing. Methods In 2009, the Montana Department of Public Health and Human Services in collaboration with Holy Rosary Heathcare implemented the DPP lifestyle intervention, which was provided to an on-site group in 1 community and simultaneously through telehealth to a second group in a remote frontier community. Participants obtained medical clearance from their primary care physician and were eligible if they were overweight and had 1 or more of the following risk factors: prediabetes, impaired glucose tolerance/impaired fasting glucose (IGT/IFG), a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) or the delivery of an infant > 9 pounds, hypertension, or dyslipidemia. Results A total of 13 and 16 eligible adults enrolled in the on-site and the telehealth program, and 13 (100%) and 14 (88%) participants completed the 16-week program, respectively. Both the on-site and telehealth groups achieved high levels of weekly physical activity and there were no significant differences between groups. Over 45% of on-site and telehealth participants achieved the 7% weight loss goal with the average weight loss per participant greater than 6.4 kg in both groups. Conclusions Our findings suggest that it is feasible to deliver an adapted group-based DPP lifestyle intervention through telehealth resulting in weight loss outcomes similar to the original DPP.
Ambient air pollution and adverse birth outcomes: Differences by maternal comorbidities; Background: Prenatal exposure to ambient air pollution has been associated with adverse birth outcomes, but the potential modifying effect of maternal comorbidities remains understudied. Our objective was to investigate whether associations between prenatal air pollution exposures and birth outcomes differ by maternal comorbidities. Methods: A total of 818,400 singleton live births were identified in the province of Ontario, Canada from 2005 to 2012. We assigned exposures to fine particulate matter (PM2.5), nitrogen dioxide (NO2) and ozone (03) to maternal residences during pregnancy. We evaluated potential effect modification by maternal comorbidities (i.e. asthma, hypertension, pre-existing diabetes mellitus, heart disease, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia) on the associations between prenatal air pollution and preterm birth, term low birth weight and small for gestational age. Results: Interquartile range (IQR) increases in PM2.5 (2 mu g/m(3)), NO2 (9 ppb) and 03 (5 ppb) over the entire pregnancy were associated with a 4% (95% CI: 2.4-5.6%), 8.4% (95% CI: 5.5-10.3%) and 2% (95% CI: 0.5-4.1%) increase in the odds of preterm birth, respectively. Increases of 10.6% (95% CI: 0.2-2.1%) and 23.8% (95% CI: 5.5-44.8%) in the odds of preterm birth were observed among women with pre-existing diabetes while the increases were of 3.8% (95% CI: 2.2-5.4%) and 6.5% (95% CI: 3.7-8.4%) among women without this condition for pregnancy exposure to PM2.5 and NO2, respectively (P-int < 0.01). The increase in the odds of preterm birth for exposure to PM2.5 during pregnancy was higher among women with preeclampsia (8.3%, 95% CI: 0.8-16.4%) than among women without (3.6%, 95% CI: 1.8-53%) (P-int=0.04). A stronger increase in the odds of preterm birth was found for exposure to 03 during pregnancy among asthmatic women (12.0%, 95% CI: 3.5-21.1%) compared to non-asthmatic women (2.0%, 95% CI: 0.1-3.5%) (P-int < 0.01). We did not find statistically significant effect modification for the other outcomes investigated. Conclusions: Findings of this study suggest that associations of ambient air pollution with preterm birth are stronger among women with pre-existing diabetes, asthma, and preeclampsia. Crown Copyright (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Risk Factors and Mortality in Newborns with Persistent Pulmonary Hypertension: A Six-Year Single-Center Experience; Objectives: Persistent pulmonary hypertension (PPHT) of the newborn is a disorder of circulatory transition resulting in high pulmonary vascular resistance with extrapulmonary right -to -left shunts causing hypoxemia. In this study, our aim was to evaluate the risk factors, administered treatments, and mortality of patients followed in our neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) due to PPHT over the past six years. Methods: Patients diagnosed with PPHT and followed in the NICU between January 2017 and November 2022 were included in the study. The sociodemographic characteristics, diagnoses that could lead to pulmonary hypertension, the presence of congenital anomalies, the duration of respiratory support treatment and hospital follow-up, treatments administered for PPHT, and mortality rates were evaluated. Results: Out of 21 patients diagnosed with persistent pulmonary hypertension, 9 of them (42.9%) were male. The mean gestational age of the patients was 37.6 +/- 3.7 weeks, and their birth weight was 3006 +/- 819grams. The APGAR scores at 1 and 5 minutes were 4(2-7) and 6(3-8), respectively. Risk factors during the antenatal period included fetal distress (38.1%), oligohydramnios (23.8%), intrauterine growth restriction (23.8%), gestational diabetes (14.3%), preeclampsia (4.8%), and chorioamnionitis (4.8%). The median duration of invasive mechanical ventilation for cases requiring respiratory support was 20.1 days, while the median duration of non-invasive ventilation was 3.7 days. Patients with a diagnosis of persistent pulmonary hypertension were treated with inhaled nitric oxide (iNO) in 76.2% of cases, milrinone in 66.7% of cases, sildenafil in 52.4% of cases, and iloprost in 14.3% of cases. The length of hospital stay for patients was 38.4 days, and 9 (42.9%) patients died. The patients who died had severe PPHT along with fetal inflammatory response syndrome (FIRS), congenital heart disease, pulmonary hypoplasia, pneumothorax, hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE), and congenital anomalies. Conclusion: Persistent pulmonary hypertension, characterized by severe hypoxemia, is a neonatal emergency that necessitates early intervention, effective treatment of the underlying cause to prevent potential short-term and long-term morbidities and mortality. Effective treatment of the underlying cause in patients diagnosed with PPHT could reduce morbidity and mortality. It is inevitable to avoid the loss of patients with major abnormalities, severe comorbidities, and unpreventable organ dysfunctions.
Diabetes Mellitus in Peru; BACKGROUND Peru is an upper medium-income developing country with an increasing prevalence of chronic diseases, including diabetes. OBJECTIVE To review and describe the epidemiology, drivers, and diabetes care plan in Peru. METHODS The medical literature was reviewed based on systematic searching of PubMed, Scielo, and various gray literature from the International Diabetes Federation, World Health Organization, and local Peruvian agencies. FINDINGS In Peru, diabetes affects 7% of the population. Type 2 diabetes accounts for 96.8% of outpatients visits with this condition. Type 1 diabetes has an incidence of 0.4/100,000 per year, and gestational diabetes affects 16% of pregnancies. The prevalence of glucose intolerance is 8.11% and that of impaired fasting glucose 22.4%. The prevalence of overweight, obesity, and metabolic syndrome in adults is 34.7%, 17.5%, and 25%, respectively. Metabolic syndrome prevalence is greater in women and the elderly and at urban and low-altitude locations. Diabetes is the eighth cause of death, the sixth cause of blindness, and the leading cause of end-stage kidney disease and nontraumatic lower limb amputation. In Peru, diabetes accounts for 31.5% of acute myocardial infarctions and 25% of strokes. Infections, diabetic emergencies, and cardiovascular disorders are the main causes for admissions, with a mortality rate < 10%, mainly as a result of infections, chronic kidney disease, and stroke. Sixty-two percent of the population has health insurance coverage, with inequities in the distribution of health care personnel across the country. Less than 30% of treated patients have a hemoglobin A1c < 7%. CONCLUSIONS Diabetes is a major health care issue in Peru that exposes difficult challenges and shortcomings. The national strategy for tackling diabetes includes promotion of healthy lifestyles; training primary care physicians and providing them with evidence-based clinical practice guidelines, safe and effective medications, and tools for monitoring treatment; and, finally, construction of a comprehensive health care network for early referral in order to prevent, detect, and treat diabetic complications.
Rate and risk predictors for development of self-reported type-2 diabetes mellitus over a 5-year period: the SHIELD study; Aims: This investigation determined the proportion of adults newly diagnosed as having type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and ascertained risk predictors for development of self-reported T2DM. Methods: The US Study to Help Improve Early evaluation and management of risk factors Leading to Diabetes (SHIELD) survey was a 5-year longitudinal study of adults with and without diabetes mellitus. Adults completed a baseline health questionnaire in 2004 and =1 annual follow-up survey through 2009. Respondents with no self-reported diagnosis of diabetes at baseline were followed to measure rate of and assess risk factors for development of T2DM over 5 years. Results: Among 8582 respondents without diabetes at baseline, 622 (7.2%) reported a diagnosis of T2DM over the subsequent 5 years. Increasing age, family history of T2DM, body mass index =30 kg/m2, abdominal obesity, excessive thirst, asthma, gestational diabetes and high blood sugar without diabetes significantly increased the risk of developing T2DM (p < 0.05 for each). Good to excellent health status and self-reported circulatory problems decreased the risk (p < 0.05 for each). Conclusions: Among this representative US adult population, the rate of developing T2DM was 7.2% over 5 years. Predictors of T2DM diagnosis identified in this analysis were readily obtainable via self-report.
Synthesizing Core Outcome Sets for outcomes research in cohort studies: a systematic review; Background Life course studies are designed to "collect once, use multiple times" for observational and, increasingly, interventional research. Core Outcome Sets (COS) are minimum sets developed for clinical trials by multi-stakeholder consensus methodologies. We aimed to synthesize published COS that might guide outcomes selection for early life cohorts with an interventional focus. Methods We searched PubMed, Medline, COMET, and CROWN for COS published before January 2021 relevant to four life stages (pregnancy, newborns, children <8 years, and parents (adults aged 18-50 years)). We synthesized core outcomes into overarching constructs. Results From 46 COS we synthesized 414 core outcomes into 118 constructs. "Quality of life", "adverse events", "medication use", "hospitalization", and "mortality" were consistent across all stages. For pregnancy, common constructs included "preterm birth", "delivery mode", "pre-eclampsia", "gestational weight gain", "gestational diabetes", and "hemorrhage"; for newborns, "birthweight", "small for gestational age", "neurological damage", and "morbidity" and "infection/sepsis"; for pediatrics, "pain", "gastrointestinal morbidity", "growth/weight", "breastfeeding", "feeding problems", "hearing", "neurodevelopmental morbidity", and "social development"; and for adults, "disease burden", "mental health", "neurological function/stroke", and "cardiovascular health/morbidity". Conclusion This COS synthesis generated outcome constructs that are of high value to stakeholders (participants, health providers, services), relevant to life course research, and could position cohorts for trial capabilities. Impact We synthesized existing Core Outcome Sets as a transparent methodology that could prioritize outcomes for lifecourse cohorts with an interventional focus. "Quality of life", "adverse events", "medication use", "hospitalization", and "mortality" are important outcomes across pregnancy, newborns, childhood, and early-to-mid-adulthood (the age range relevant to parents). Other common outcomes (such as "birthweight", "cognitive function/ability", "psychological health") are also highly relevant to lifecourse research. This synthesis could assist new early life cohorts to pre-select outcomes that are of high value to stakeholders (participants, health providers, services), are relevant to lifecourse research, and could position them for future trials and interventional capability.
Significance of HbA<sub>1c</sub> and its measurement in the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus: US experience; The 2014 American Diabetes Association guidelines denote four means of diagnosing diabetes. The first of these is a glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA(1c)) >6.5%. This literature review summarizes studies (n=47) in the USA examining the significance, strengths, and limitations of using HbA(1c) as a diagnostic tool for diabetes, relative to other available means. Due to the relatively recent adoption of HbA(1c) as a diabetes mellitus diagnostic tool, a hybrid systematic, truncated review of the literature was implemented. Based on these studies, we conclude that HbA(1c) screening for diabetes has been found to be convenient and effective in diagnosing diabetes. HbA(1c) screening is particularly helpful in community-based and acute care settings where tests requiring fasting are not practical. Using HbA(1c) to diagnose diabetes also has some limitations. For instance, HbA(1c) testing may underestimate the prevalence of diabetes, particularly among whites. Because this bias differs by racial group, prevalence and resulting estimates of health disparities based on HbA(1c) screening differ from those based on other methods of diagnosis. In addition, existing evidence suggests that HbA(1c) screening may not be valid in certain subgroups, such as children, women with gestational diabetes, patients with human immunodeficiency virus, and those with prediabetes. Further guidelines are needed to clarify the appropriate use of HbA(1c) screening in these populations.
Impact of preeclampsia on cognitive function in the offspring; Preeclampsia (PE) is a significant clinical disorder occurring in 3-5% of all human pregnancies. Offspring of PE pregnancies (PE-F1s) are reported to exhibit greater cognitive impairment than offspring from uncomplicated pregnancies. Previous studies of PE-F1 cognitive ability used tests with bias that do not assess specific cognitive domains. To improve cognitive impairment classification in PE-F1s we used standardized clinical psychometric testing and eye tracking studies of saccadic eye movements. PE-F1s (n = 10) and sex/age matched control participants (n = 41 for psychometrics; n = 59 for eye-tracking) were recruited from the PE-NET study or extracted from the NeuroDevNet study databases. Participants completed a selected array of psychometric tests which assessed executive function, working memory, attention, inhibition, visuospatial processing, reading, and math skills. Eye-tracking studies included the prosaccade, antisaccade, and memory-guided tasks. Psychometric testing revealed an impairment in working memory among PE-F1s. Eye-tracking studies revealed numerous impairments among PE-F1s including additional saccades required to reach the target, poor endpoint accuracy, and slower reaction time. However, PE-F1s made faster saccades than controls, and fewer sequence errors in the memory-guided task. Our study provides a comprehensive assessment of cognitive function among PE-F1s. The development of PE may be seen as an early predictor of reduced cognitive function in children, specifically in working memory and oculomotor control. Future studies should extended to a larger study populations, and may be valuable for early studies of children born to pregnancies complicated by other disorders, such as gestational diabetes or intrauterine growth restriction. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Perinatal microbial exposure may influence aortic intima-media thickness in early infancy; Background: The maternal and infant microbiome may influence infant cardiovascular risk through immune programming. The maternal vagino-enteric microbiome is often sampled for group B streptococcus (GBS) colonization during pregnancy. Our aim was to investigate the association between maternal GBS colonization, intrapartum antibiotics, antenatal pet exposure and infant aortic intima-media thickness (aIMT), an intermediate vascular phenotype, and whether this association varied by mode of delivery. Methods: The Barwon Infant Study is a population-derived pre-birth cohort. Perinatal data were collected on participants. Women were tested for vagino-enteric group B streptococcus (GBS) colonization during third trimester. Six-week infant aIMT was measured by trans-abdominal ultrasound. Adjustment for confounders included maternal age, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), smoking, socioeconomic status, gestational diabetes, length of gestation, infant sex, birthweight and aortic internal diameter. Results: Data were available on 835 mother-infant pairs. Of these, 574 (69%) women delivered vaginally; of those, 129 (22%) were GBS-colonized; and of these women, 111 (86%) received prophylactic intrapartum antibiotics. An association between maternal GBS colonization and infant aIMT was observed among those delivered vaginally (beta = 19.5 mm, 95% CI 9.5, 29.4; P < 0.0001) but not by Caesarean section (P for interaction = 0.02). A similar pattern was seen for intrapartum antibiotics. There was a negative association between antenatal pet exposure and aIMT observed in those delivered vaginally. Conclusion: Maternal GBS colonization and intrapartum antibiotics were associated with increased infant aIMT in those delivered vaginally, whereas antenatal pet exposure was associated with decreased aIMT. These data suggest that differences in early life microbial experience may contribute to an increased cardiovascular risk.
Obesity alters the ovarian DNA damage response and apoptotic proteins; In the overweight or obese female, reproductive complications include poor oocyte quality, decreased fecundity, gestational diabetes, and higher risk of reproductive cancers. Using lean and hyperphagia-induced obese female mice aged 10 weeks, we determined that the ovary from obese female mice had elevated (P < 0.10) levels of ataxia telangiectasia mutated (ATM) protein in oocytes of both small and large follicles. Phosphorylated ATM at serine 1981 was greater (P < 0.05) in large relative to small follicles with no additional impact of obesity. Obesity increased (P < 0.05) gamma H2AX in small follicles in obese relative to lean ovaries, while large follicles of both lean and obese mice had detectable levels of gamma H2AX. Cleaved caspase 3 was reduced (P < 0.05) in the small follicles of obese relative to lean ovaries. In large follicles of lean mice, cleaved caspase 3 was increased in large compared to small follicles (P < 0.05) but this pattern was absent in obese mice. Breast cancer type 1 susceptibility protein (BRCA1) or the phosphorylated BRCA1 proteins were observably altered by obesity. These data demonstrate that markers of DNA damage and repair have a follicle-dependent stage location and that obesity alters ATM and cleaved caspase 3 in a follicular stage dependent manner.
Diagnosis and follow-up of type 2 diabetes in women with PCOS: a role for OGTT?; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is common in premenopausal women. The majority of women with PCOS have insulin resistance and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) is higher in women with PCOS compared to controls. In non-pregnant women with PCOS, glycemic status may be assessed by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), fasting plasma glucose (FPG) or HbA1c. OGTT has been reckoned gold standard test for diagnosing T2D, but OGTT is rarely used for diagnostic purpose in other non-pregnant individuals at risk of T2D, apart from PCOS. OGTT has questionable reproducibility, and high sensitivity of the 2-h glucose value is at the expense of relatively low specificity, especially regarding impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Furthermore, lean women with PCOS are rarely diagnosed with T2D and only few percent of normal-weight women have prediabetes. Glycemic status is necessary at diagnosis and during follow-up of PCOS, especially in women with high risk of T2D (obesity, previous gestational diabetes (GDM)). We suggest that OGTT should be used in the same situations in PCOS as in other patient groups at risk of T2D. OGTT is indicated for diagnosing GDM; however, OGTT during pregnancy may not be indicated in lean women with PCOS without other risk factors for GDM.
Air Pollution, Oxidative Stress, and Diabetes: a Life Course Epidemiologic Perspective; Purpose of Review Ambient air pollution is strongly linked to cardiovascular and respiratory diseases. We summarize available published evidence regarding similar associations with diabetes across the life course. Recent Findings We performed a life-course survey of the recent literature, including prenatal, gestational, childhood/adolescence, and adult exposures to air pollution. Oxidative stress is identified as a key factor in both metabolic dysfunction and the effects of air pollution exposure, especially from fossil fuel combustion products, providing a plausible mechanism for air pollution-diabetes associations. The global burden of diabetes attributed to air pollution exposure is substantial, with a recent estimate that ambient fine particulate matter (PM2.5) exposure contributes to more than 200,000 deaths from diabetes annually. Summary There is a growing body of literature linking air pollution exposure during childhood and adulthood with diabetes etiology and related cardiometabolic biomarkers. A small number of studies found that exposure to air pollution during pregnancy is associated with elevated gestational diabetes risk among mothers. Studies examining prenatal air pollution exposure and diabetes risk among the offspring, as well as potential transgenerational effects of air pollution exposure, are very limited thus far. This review provides insight into how air pollutants affect diabetes and other metabolic dysfunction-related diseases across the different life stages.
Analysis of big data for prediction of provider-initiated preterm birth and spontaneous premature deliveries and ranking the predictive features; Purpose High rate of preterm birth (birth before 37 weeks of gestation) in the world, its negative outcomes for pregnant women and newborns necessitate to predict preterm birth and identify its main risk factors. Premature deliveries have been divided into provider-initiated (with medical intervention for early terminating the pregnancy) and spontaneous preterm birth (without any intervention) categories in the previous studies. The main aim of this study is proposing methods for prediction of provider-initiated preterm birth and spontaneous premature deliveries and ranking the predictive features. Methods Data from national databank of Maternal and neonatal records (IMAN registry) is used in the study. The collected data have information about more than 1,400,000 deliveries with 112 features. Among them, 116,080 preterm births have occurred (from which 11,799 and 104,281 cases belong to provider-initiated preterm birth and spontaneous premature delivery, respectively). The data can be considered as big data due to its large number of data records, large number of the features and unbalanced distribution of the data between three classes of term, provider-initiated and spontaneous preterm birth. Therefore, we need to analyze data based on big data algorithms. In this paper, Map Reduce-based machine learning algorithms named MR-PB-PFS are proposed for this purpose. Map phase use parallel feature selection and classification methods to score the features. Reduce phase aggregates the feature scores obtained in Map phase and assign final scores to the features. Moreover, the classifiers trained in Map phase are aggregated based on two different ensemble rules in Reduce phase. Results Experimental results show that the best performance of the proposed models for preterm birth prediction is accuracy of 81% and the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) of 68%. Top features for predicting term, provider-initiated preterm and spontaneous premature birth identified in this study are having pregnancy risk factors, having gestational diabetes, having cardiovascular disease, maternal underlying diseases, and mother age. Chronic blood pressure is a high rank feature for preterm birth prediction and father nationality is highly important for discriminating provider-initiated from spontaneous premature delivery. Conclusions Identifying the pregnant women with high risk of spontaneous premature or therapeutic preterm delivery in our proposed model can help them to: (1) reduce the probability of premature birth with monitoring and management of the main risk factors and/or (2) educate them to care from the premature newborn. Management and monitoring top features discriminating term, provider-initiated preterm and spontaneous premature birth or their associated factors can reduce preterm labor or its negative outcomes.
Type 2 diabetes in East Asians: similarities and differences with populations in Europe and the United States; There is an epidemic of diabetes in Asia. Type 2 diabetes develops in East Asian patients at a lower mean body mass index (BMI) compared with those of European descent. At any given BMI, East Asians have a greater amount of body fat and a tendency to visceral adiposity. In Asian patients, diabetes develops at a younger age and is characterized by early beta cell dysfunction in the setting of insulin resistance, with many requiring early insulin treatment. The increasing proportion of young-onset and childhood type 2 diabetes is posing a particular threat, with these patients being at increased risk of developing diabetic complications. East Asian patients with type 2 diabetes have a higher risk of developing renal complications than Europeans and, with regard to cardiovascular complications, a predisposition for developing strokes. In addition to cardiovascular-renal disease, cancer is emerging as the other main cause of mortality. While more research is needed to explain these interethnic differences, urgent and concerted actions are needed to raise awareness, facilitate early diagnosis, and encourage preventive strategies to combat these growing disease burdens.
Trends in Cardiovascular Health Counseling Among Postpartum Individuals; IMPORTANCE Poor prepregnancy cardiovascular health (CVH) and adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are key risk factors for subsequent cardiovascular disease (CVD) in birthing adults. The postpartum visit offers an opportunity to promote CVH among at-risk individuals. OBJECTIVE To determine prevalence, predictors, and trends in self-reported CVH counseling during the postpartum visit. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Serial, cross-sectional analysis of data from 2016-2020 from the Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (PRAMS), a nationally representative, population-based survey. The primary analysis included individuals who attended a postpartum visit 4 to 6 weeks after delivery with available data on receipt of CVH counseling, self-reported prepregnancy CVD risk factors (obesity, diabetes, and hypertension), and APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and preterm birth) (N = 167 705 [weighted N = 8 714 459]). EXPOSURES Total number of CVD risk factors (0, 1, or similar to 2 prepregnancy risk factors or APOs). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Annual, age-adjusted prevalence of self-reported postpartum CVH counseling per 100 individuals, defined as receipt of counseling for healthy eating, exercise, and losing weight gained during pregnancy, was calculated overall and by number of CVD risk factors. Average annual percent change (APC) assessed trends in CVH counseling from 2016 through 2020. Data were pooled to calculate rate ratios (RRs) for counseling that compared individuals with and without CVD risk factors after adjustment for age, education, postpartum insurance, and delivery year. RESULTS From 2016 through 2020, prevalence of self-reported postpartum CVH counseling declined from 56.2 to 52.8 per 100 individuals among those with no CVD risk factors (APC, -1.4%[95% CI, -1.8% to -1.0%/y]), from 58.5 to 57.3 per 100 individuals among those with 1 risk factor (APC, -0.7%[95% CI, -1.3% to -0.1%/y]), and from 61.9 to 59.8 per 100 individuals among those with 2 or more risk factors (APC, -0.8%[95% CI, -1.3% to -0.3%/y]). Reporting receipt of counseling was modestly higher among individuals with 1 risk factor (RR, 1.05 [95% CI, 1.04 to 1.07]) and with 2 or more risk factors (RR, 1.11 [95% CI, 1.09 to 1.13]) compared with those who had no risk factors. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Approximately 60% of individuals with CVD risk factors or APOs reported receiving CVH counseling at their postpartum visit. Prevalence of reporting CVH counseling decreased modestly over 5 years.
Trends in Incidence of Diabetes in Pregnancy and Serious Perinatal Outcomes: A Large, Population-Based Study in Ontario, Canada, 1996-2010; OBJECTIVE Women with diabetes in pregnancy have high rates of pregnancy complications. Our aims were to explore trends in the incidence of diabetes in pregnancy and examine whether the risk of serious perinatal outcomes has changed. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We performed a population-based cohort study of 1,109,605 women who delivered in Ontario, Canada, between 1 April 1996 and 31 March 2010. We categorized women as gestational diabetes (GDM) (n = 45,384), pregestational diabetes (pre-GDM) (n = 13,278), or no diabetes (n = 1,050,943). The annual age-adjusted rates of diabetes in pregnancy were calculated, and rates of serious perinatal outcomes were compared between groups and by year using Poisson regression. RESULTS The age-adjusted rate of both GDM (2.7-5.6%, P < 0.001) and pre-GDM (0.7-1.5%, P < 0.001) doubled from 1996 to 2010. The rate of congenital anomalies declined by 23%, whereas the rate of perinatal mortality did not change significantly. However, compared with women with no diabetes, women with pre-GDM and GDM faced an increased risk of congenital anomalies (relative risk 1.86 [95% CI 1.49-2.33] and 1.26 [1.09-1.45], respectively), and perinatal mortality remained elevated in women with pre-GDM (2.33 [1.59-3.43]). CONCLUSIONS The incidence of both GDM and pre-GDM in pregnancy has doubled over the last 14 years, and the overall burden of diabetes in pregnancy on society is growing. Although congenital anomaly rates have declined in women with diabetes, perinatal mortality rates remain unchanged, and the risk of both remains significantly elevated compared with nondiabetic women. Increased efforts are needed to reduce these adverse outcomes.
Impaired glucose tolerance and impaired fasting glucose; Impaired glucose tolerance and impaired fasting glucose form an intermediate stage in the natural history of diabetes mellitus. From 10 to 15 percent of adults in the United States have one of these conditions. impaired glucose tolerance is defined as two-hour glucose levels of 140 to 199 mg per dL (7.8 to 11.0 mmol) on the 75-g oral glucose tolerance test, and impaired fasting glucose is defined as glucose levels of 100 to 125 mg per dL (5.6 to 6.9 mmol per L) in fasting patients. These glucose levels are above normal but below the level that is diagnostic for diabetes. Patients with impaired glucose tolerance or impaired fasting glucose have a significant risk of developing diabetes and thus are an important target group for primary prevention. Risk factors for diabetes include family history of diabetes, body mass index greater than 25 kg per m(2), sedentary lifestyle, hypertension, dyslipidemia, history of gestational diabetes or large-for-gestational-age infant, and polycystic ovary syndrome. Blacks, Latin Americans, Native Americans, and Asian-Pacific Islanders also are at increased risk for diabetes. Patients at higher risk should be screened with a fasting plasma glucose level. When the diagnosis of impaired glucose tolerance or impaired fasting glucose is made, physicians should counsel patients to lose 5 to 7 percent of their body weight and engage in moderate physical activity for at least 150 minutes per week. Drug therapy with metformin or acarbose has been shown to delay or prevent the onset of diabetes. However, medications are not as effective as lifestyle changes, and it is not known if treatment with these drugs is cost effective in the management of impaired glucose tolerance. Copyright(C) 2004 American Academy of Family Physicians.
Perinatal risk factors associated with acute kidney injury severity and duration among infants born extremely preterm; Background We evaluated time-varying perinatal risk factors associated with early (<= 7 post-natal days) and late (>7 post-natal days) severe acute kidney injury (AKI) occurrence and duration. Methods A secondary analysis of Preterm Erythropoietin Neuroprotection Trial data. We defined severe AKI (stage 2 or 3) per neonatal modified Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes criteria. Adjusted Cox proportional hazards models were conducted with exposures occurring at least 72 h before severe AKI. Adjusted negative binomial regression models were completed to evaluate risk factors for severe AKI duration. Results Of 923 participants, 2% had early severe AKI. In the adjusted model, gestational diabetes (adjusted HR (aHR) 5.4, 95% CI 1.1-25.8), non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) (aHR 3.2, 95% CI 1.0-9.8), and vancomycin (aHR 13.9, 95% CI 2.3-45.1) were associated with early severe AKI. Late severe AKI occurred in 22% of participants. Early severe AKI (aHR 2.5, 95% CI 1.1-5.4), sepsis (aHR 2.5, 95% CI 1.4-4.4), vasopressors (aHR 2.9, 95% CI 1.8-4.6), and diuretics (aHR 2.6, 95% CI 1.9-3.6) were associated with late severe AKI. Participants who had necrotizing enterocolitis or received NSAIDs had longer severe AKI duration. Conclusion We identified major risk factors for severe AKI that can be the focus of future research.
Development of a Pregnancy-Specific Screening Tool for Sleep Apnea; Study Objective: The Berlin Questionnaire and Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) are commonly used to screen for sleep apnea in non-pregnant populations. We sought to evaluate the Berlin and ESS in pregnancy and to determine whether an alternative screening approach could better detect sleep apnea in pregnant women. Methods: Pregnant women at high risk for sleep apnea (women with chronic hypertension, pre-gestational diabetes, obesity, and/or a prior history of preeclampsia) completed a sleep survey composed of the Berlin and ESS, and participated in an overnight sleep evaluation with the Watch-PAT100 (WP100), a wrist-mounted device designed to diagnose sleep apnea, defined as an apnea hypopnea index >= 5. Using multivariable statistics, demographic, clinical, and subjective symptoms that were independently associated with sleep apnea were determined and a prediction rule for the presence of sleep apnea was developed. The predictive capacity of this newly developed system was compared to that of the Berlin and ESS using receiver-operating curve (ROC) statistics. Results: Of the 114 women who participated and had a valid WP100 study, 100 completed the Berlin and 96 the ESS. The Berlin and ESS did not accurately predict sleep apnea in this high-risk pregnancy cohort, with ROC area under the curves (AUC) of 0.54 (p = 0.6) and 0.57 (p = 0.3), respectively. Conversely, a model incorporating frequent snoring, chronic hypertension, age, and body mass index performed significantly better (AUC 0.86, p > 0.001). Conclusion: The Berlin and ESS are not appropriate tools to screen for sleep apnea in high-risk pregnant women. Conversely, our four-variable model more accurately predicts sleep apnea in pregnancy.
Prevention of preterm birth complications by antenatal corticosteroid administration; Objective. To evaluate short- and long-term benefits and risks associated with antenatal administration of a single course of corticosteroids and the related strategies: multiple and rescue courses. Methods. The PubMed database, the Cochrane Library and the recommendations from the French and foreign obstetrical societies or colleges have been consulted. Results. Antenatal administration of a single course of corticosteroids before 34 weeks of gestation is associated in the neonatal period with a significant reduction of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) and death (LEI), and in possibly childhood with a reduction of cerebral palsy and increased psychomotor development index and intact survival (LE3). However, this treatment is associated with alterations of the HPA axis response persisting until 8 weeks after birth (LE2) and possibly with insulin resistance in adulthood (LE3). Antenatal corticosteroid administration after 34 weeks is associated, with high number needed to treat, with reduced respiratory morbidity (LE2), with no significant effect on neurological (LE2) or digestive (LE2) morbidities. Because of a very favourable benefit/risk balance, antenatal administration of a single course of corticosteroids is recommended for women at risk of preterm delivery before 34 weeks (grade A). The minimum gestational age for treatment will depend on the threshold chosen to start neonatal intensive care in maternity units and perinatal networks (Professional consensus). After 34 weeks, evidences are not consistent enough to recommend systematic antenatal corticosteroid treatment (grade B), however, a course might be indicated in the clinical situations associated with the higher risk of "severe" RDS, mainly in case of planned cesarean delivery (grade C). In case of imminent preterm birth, pre-empting the second betamethasone injection is not recommended (grade C), because this policy might be associated with increased rates of NEC (LE3). Repeated antenatal corticosteroid administration is associated in the neonatal period with respiratory benefits (LE1) but decreased birth weight (LE1) and, in childhood, with possible neurological impairment (LE2). Therefore, this strategy is not recommended (grade A). Rescue courses are only associated with neonatal respiratory benefits (LE2). 'Because of the possible adverse effects associated with this strategy when delivery occurs during the 24 hours following the first injection and because of the doubts raised by repeated courses, rescue courses are not recommended (Professional consensus). It is not possible to recommend one corticosteroid (betamethasone or dexamethasone) over another (Professional consensus). In case of contraindication for the intramuscular (IM) route, the intravenous route might be proposed (Professional consensus). The oral route is not recommended (grade A) because of increased rates of IVH and neonatal sepsis in comparison with the IM route (LE1). Either betamethasone as 2 injections of 12 mg 24 hours apart or dexamethasone as 4 injections of 6 mg 12 hours apart is recommended (grade A). Antenatal corticosteroid-induced alterations of fetal heart rate and movements should be recognized by the care providers of women at risk of preterm birth to avoid unjustified decision of labor induction or cesarean (Professional consensus). Gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes are not contraindication to antenatal corticosteroid therapy (Professional consensus). However, caution should be exercised in women with poorly controlled type 1 diabetes (Professional consensus). The apprehension to provoke maternal or neonatal infection should not delay antenatal corticosteroid administration even in case of preterm premature rupture of membranes (grade A). Conclusion. Antenatal corticosteroid administration is recommended to every woman at risk of preterm delivery before 34 weeks of gestation (grade A). Repeated courses of antenatal corticosteroids are not recommended (grade A). Rescue courses are not recommended (Professional consensus). (C) 2016 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Should diabetic patients be asked to test their blood glucose 90 to 120 minutes after the beginning of their meals?; There are three distinct objectives in reducing the post-prandial blood glucose peaks: 1st to reduce the risk of foetal macrosomia in pregnancy, 2nd to reduce cardiovascular morbi-mortality, 3rd to lower the HbA(1c). With 6-7 glycaemic controls per day and fractionning their meals, motivated women with gestational diabetes reach this goal. But there is no data today directly proving that post-prandial glycaemia is specifically related to the development of micro and macrovascular complications. So to reduce the cardiovascular risk, there are more arguments in favour of lowering HbA(1c) or prescribing statins than in prescribing a hypoglycaemic drug acting selectively on post-prandial glycaemia. Lastly, to reduce HbA(1c) near to the goal of 7%, the most important is to reduce the preprandial glycaemia below 1.20 g/l. The patients must be required to monitor their postprandial glycaemia 2 hours after the beginning of the meal only when the aim is to lower the HbA(1c) below 7% or 6.5%, for example during pregnancy, or in case of discrepancy between glycaemia at 8 a.m. and 7 p.m. (below 1.20 g/)l and HbA(1c) (above 7%). In other cases, in type 2 diabetes, two glycaemias per day, fasting and vesperal, seems sufficient.
Can type 2 diabetes mellitus be considered preventable?; The primary prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is of great importance. There is now substantial evidence that T2DM can be prevented or delayed by lifestyle modification. A statistically significant reduction of relative risk of newly diagnosed T2DM was observed in large clinical trials with metformin, acarbose or orlistat in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance as well as with troglitazone in women with previous gestational diabetes. A relative risk reduction of newly diagnosed diabetes was observed in prospective, double blind clinical studies evaluating the effect of different anti hypertensive drugs (ACE-inhibitors, angiotensin repector blockers, calcium channel blockers) or that of lipid-lowering agents (pravastatin) on the cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in high risk patients. In studies with postmenopausal hormone replacement therapy a relative risk reduction of newly developed T2DM was also observed. Thus, T2DM should be considered as a preventable disease. Nevertheless, it is noteworthy that oral antidiabetic drugs with an indication of preventing T2DM are not registered in several countries at present, so that drug therapy should not be used as a routine for preventing diabetes. On the other hand, patients with pre-diabetes (impaired fasting glycaemia, impaired glucose tolerance) should be given counseling on weight loss as well as instruction for increasing physical activity in order to prevent T2DM. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Demographic, Clinical and Occupational Characteristics Associated With Early Onset of Delivery: Findings From the Duke Health and Safety Surveillance System, 2001-2004; Background This cross-sectional study explores associations between preterm delivery and demographic, clinical and occupational characteristics of women employed within a university and health system. Methods A comprehensive surveillance system linking individual-level data from Human Resources, medical insurance claims and a job-exposure matrix was used to identify women with a single live birth between 2001 and 2004 and describe maternal characteristics during pregnancy. Results Preterm delivery occurred in 7.1% (n = 74) of the 1,040 women, a lower preterm delivery prevalence than observed in the general U.S. population. Nearly all (>99.5%) women utilized prenatal care services. Prevalence of preterm delivery was highest,for inpatient nurses, nurses aides and office staff lit multivariate analyses, preterm delivery was positively associated with several clinical conditions: placenta previa, diabetes and cardiovascular disorder/disease. Conclusions We observed associations between preterm delivery and several previously indicated clinical conditions. Further study of the effect of job characteristics on preterm delivery is warranted. Am. J. Ind. Med. 51:911-922, 2008. (C) 2008 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Causes of type 2 diabetes in China; The prevalence of diabetes in China has increased substantially over recent decades, with more than 100 million people estimated to be affected by the disease presently. During this period there has been an increase in the rates of obesity and a reduction in physical activity. Many of the changes in lifestyle and diet are a result of increased economic development and urbanisation. In addition to an increasingly westernised diet, the traditional Chinese diet also plays a part, with the quantity and quality of rice intake linked to the risk of type 2 diabetes. Familial factors including inherited genetic variants are important, although differences in the genetic architecture suggest a different combination of genetic variants could be most relevant in Chinese when compared with Europeans. Recent advances have also emphasised the role of early life factors in the epidemic of diabetes and non-communicable diseases: maternal undernutrition, maternal obesity, and gestational diabetes are all linked to increased risk of diabetes in off spring. A mismatch between developmentally programmed biology and the modern environment is relevant for countries like China where there has been rapid economic transformation. Multisectoral efforts to address the risks will be needed at different stages throughout the lifecourse to reduce the burden of diabetes.
Sucrose feeding in mouse pregnancy leads to hypertension, and sex-linked obesity and insulin resistance in female offspring; Eating an unbalanced diet during pregnancy may induce long-term health consequences in offspring, in particular obesity, insulin resistance, and hypertension. We tested the hypothesis that a maternal diet rich in simple sugars predispose mouse offspring to obesity, glucose intolerance, and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. Female C57BL/6J mice were fed either a standard chow or a sucrose-rich diet (26% of total energy) 6 weeks prior to mating, throughout pregnancy and lactation. Offspring of control dams (OC) and high sucrose fed dams (OSF) were weaned onto standard control chow, and metabolic and cardiovascular parameters determined at 3 months of age. Both male and female OSF were hyperphagic by 4 weeks of age and females were heavier than OC at 6 weeks. At 3 months, female OSF showed a significant increase in inguinal fat pad mass, whereas skeletal muscle mass (tibia/is anterior) and locomotor activity were decreased relative to OC. A 10 fold increase in fasting serum insulin in female OSF vs. OC at 3 months (Insulin [pmol/L] mean +/- SEM, OSF 200.3 16.1, vs. OC, 20.3 +/- 1.8, n = 6 P < 0.001), was associated with impaired glucose tolerance (AUC [mmol/L min] mean I SEM, OSF 1437.4 +/- 124.2 vs. OC, 1076.8 83.9, n = 6, P < 0.05). Both male and female OSF were hypertensive as assessed by radiotelemetry (night-time systolic arterial pressure (SAP) [mmHg] mean I SEM, male OSF 128 +/- 1 vs. OC, 109 +/- 1, n= 6, P < 0.01; female OSF, 130 1 vs. OC, 118 1, n = 6, P < 0.05). Analysis of heart rate variability (HBV) demonstrated an increased low:high frequency ratio in male and female OSF (P < 0.05), indicative of heightened sympathetic efferent tone. Renal tissue noradrenaline (NA) content was markedly raised in the OSF vs. OC (NA [pg/ml/mg tissue] mean SEM, male OSF, 2.28 +/- 0.19 vs. OC 0.84 +/- 0.09, n = 6, P < 0.01). Exposure to a maternal diet rich in sucrose led to obesity and glucose intolerance in female mice offspring, and hypertension in both sexes.
Marine Omega-3 Fatty Acids, Complications of Pregnancy and Maternal Risk Factors for Offspring Cardio-Metabolic Disease; Marine omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) are important nutrients during periods of rapid growth and development in utero and infancy. Maternal health and risk factors play a crucial role in birth outcomes and subsequently offspring cardio-metabolic health. Evidence from observational studies and randomized trials have suggested a potential association of maternal intake of marine n-3 PUFAs during pregnancy with pregnancy and birth outcomes. However, there is inconsistency in the literature on whether marine n-3 PUFA supplementation during pregnancy can prevent maternal complications of pregnancy. This narrative literature review summarizes recent evidence on observational and clinical trials of marine n-3 PUFA intake on maternal risk factors and effects on offspring cardio-metabolic health. The current evidence generally does not support a role of maternal n-3 PUFA supplementation in altering the incidence of gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, or pre-eclampsia. It may be that benefits from marine n-3 PUFA supplementation are more pronounced in high-risk populations, such as women with a history of complications of pregnancy, or women with low marine n-3 PUFA intake. Discrepancies between studies may be related to differences in study design, dosage, fatty acid interplay, and length of treatment. Further prospective double-blind studies are needed to clarify the impact of long-chain marine n-3 PUFAs on risk factors for cardio-metabolic disease in the offspring.
Mother's age at menarche is associated with odds of preterm delivery: A case-control study; Objective: There is a secular trend towards earlier age of menarche in the US and globally. Earlier age at menarche (AAM) has been associated with metabolic disorders that increase risk for preterm delivery (PTD), yet no studies in the US have investigated whether AAM influences risk of PTD. This study tested the hypothesis that AAM is associated with PTD. Design: A case-control study. Setting: The Boston Medical Center (BMC) in Boston, Massachusetts. Population or Sample: 8264 mother-newborn dyads enrolled at birth at BMC between 1998 and 2019, of which 2242 mothers had PTD (cases) and 6022 did not have PTD (controls). Methods: Multivariable-adjusted logistic regression models and restricted cubic splines were used to examine the association between AAM and risk of PTD. The combined impact of AAM and age at delivery on the risk of PTD was also examined. Main Outcome Measures: Preterm delivery and gestational age (GA) was defined by maternal last menstrual period and early ultrasound documented in medical records. Results: Maternal age at delivery was 28.1 +/- 6.5 years and AAM was 12.85 +/- 1.86 years. Multivariable-adjusted cubic spline suggested an inverse dose-response association of AAM with odds of PTD and, consistently, a positive association with GA. A 1-year earlier AAM was associated with 5% (95% CI 2%-8%) higher odds of PTD, after adjustment for maternal year of birth, parity, maternal place of birth, education, smoking status and Mediterranean-style diet score. The association between AAM and PTD was stronger among older mothers whose age at delivery was >= 35 years. Conclusions: Earlier AAM is associated with higher odds for PTD, and this association is stronger among women at advanced reproductive age.
Maternal abdominal subcutaneous fat thickness as a predictor for adverse pregnancy outcome: a longitudinal cohort study; Objective To assess maternal abdominal subcutaneous fat thickness (SFT) measured by ultrasound as an independent predictor of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Design A prospective longitudinal cohort study performed on pregnancies delivered between 2012 and 2014. Setting Sydney, Australia. Population About 1510 pregnant women attending routine obstetric ultrasounds. Methods Maternal SFT was measured on routine ultrasounds at 11-14 weeks' gestation (SFT1) and 18-22 weeks' gestation (SFT2). SFT measurements were assessed for estimating risks for obesity-related pregnancy outcomes using logistic regression modelling adjusted for maternal age, parity, smoking status and body mass index (BMI). Main outcome measures Hypertensive disease, gestational diabetes, caesarean section, low birthweight, preterm delivery, neonatal respiratory distress, Apgar scores, and admission to a neonatal intensive care unit. Results SFT1 and SFT2 were measured on 1461 and 1363 women, respectively. Mean thickness (range) were 21.2 mm (6.9-73.9) for SFT1 and 20.3 mm (7.5-68.0) for SFT2. Complete outcome data were available for 1385 pregnancies. In all, 54% of the women were overweight/obese. The SFT measures decreased from early to mid-pregnancy in overweight/obese women. There was moderate correlation between BMI and SFT1 (R-2 = 0.56) and BMI and SFT2 (R-2 = 0.55). In a multivariate model, SFT1 and SFT2 were better predictors for adverse pregnancy outcomes than BMI. Conclusion Maternal SFT is a significant independent predictor of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Incorporation of SFT into future models for adverse pregnancy outcome may prove valuable. Tweetable abstract Maternal abdominal ultrasound fat thickness measurement predicts adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Development and Modification of a Mobile Health Program to Promote Postpartum Weight Loss in Women at Elevated Risk for Cardiometabolic Disease: Single-Arm Pilot Study; Background: Pregnancy complications in combination with postpartum weight retention lead to significant risks of cardiometabolic disease and obesity. The majority of traditional face-to-face interventions have not been effective in postpartum women. Mobile technology enables the active engagement of postpartum women to promote lifestyle changes to prevent chronic diseases. Objective: We sought to employ an interactive, user-centered, and participatory method of development, evaluation, and iteration to design and optimize the mobile health (mHealth) Fit After Baby program. Methods: For the initial development, a multidisciplinary team integrated evidence-based approaches for health behavior, diet and physical activity, and user-centered design and engagement. We implemented an iterative feedback and design process via 3 month-long beta pilots in which postpartum women with cardiometabolic risk factors participated in the program and provided weekly and ongoing feedback. We also conducted two group interviews using a structured interview guide to gather additional feedback. Qualitative data were recorded, transcribed, and analyzed using established qualitative methods. Modifications based on feedback were integrated into successive versions of the app. Results: We conducted three pilot testing rounds with a total of 26 women. Feedback from each pilot cohort informed changes to the functionality and content of the app, and then a subsequent pilot group participated in the program. We optimized the program in response to feedback through three iterations leading to a final version. Conclusions: This study demonstrates the feasibility of using an interactive, user-centered, participatory method of rapid, iterative design and evaluation to develop and optimize a mHealth intervention program for postpartum women.
Effects of Environmental Pollutants on Cellular Iron Homeostasis and Ultimate Links to Human Disease; Chronic disease has increased in the past several decades, and environmental pollutants have been implicated. The magnitude and variety of diseases may indicate the malfunctioning of some basic mechanisms underlying human health. Environmental pollutants demonstrate a capability to complex iron through electronegative functional groups containing oxygen, nitrogen, or sulfur. Cellular exposure to the chemical or its metabolite may cause a loss of requisite functional iron from intracellular sites. The cell is compelled to acquire further iron critical to its survival by activation of iron-responsive proteins and increasing iron import. Iron homeostasis in the exposed cells is altered due to a new equilibrium being established between iron-requiring cells and the inappropriate chelator (the pollutant or its catabolite). Following exposure to environmental pollutants, the perturbation of functional iron homeostasis may be the mechanism leading to adverse biological effects. Understanding the mechanism may lead to intervention methods for this major public health concern.
Associations of glycemia and lipid levels in pregnancy with dyslipidemia 10-14 years later: The HAPO follow-up study; Aims: To examine associations of pregnancy glycemia with future dyslipidemia.Methods: We analyzed data from Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome Follow-Up Study participants. We examined associations of gestational diabetes (GDM), sum of fasting, 1-hour, and 2-hour glucose z-scores after 75-g load, insulin sensitivity, and lipid levels at 24-32 weeks' gestation with dyslipidemia 10-14 years postpartum.Results: Among 4,693 women, 14.3% had GDM. At follow-up, mean (SD) age was 41.7 (5.7) years, 32.3% had total cholesterol (TC) > 5.17, 27.2% had HDL cholesterol < 1.29, 22.4% had LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) > 3.36, 10.9% had triglycerides > 1.69 mmol/L, and 2.9% had type 2 diabetes. After covariate adjustment, pregnancy glycemic measures were associated with all follow-up dyslipidemias. After additional adjustment for pregnancy lipids, GDM remained associated with TC > 5.17 mmol/L (odds ratio [95% CI], 1.63 [1.22-2.18]) and LDL-C > 3.36 mmol/L (1.63 [1.20-2.22]), even in the absence of type 2 diabetes development (1.55 [1.15-2.10] and 1.56 [1.13-2.16], respectively). Continuous glycemic measures in pregnancy were significantly associated with all follow-up dyslipidemias, independent of pregnancy lipids and type 2 diabetes.Conclusions: Pregnancy glycemia was associated with dyslipidemia 10-14 years later, independent of pregnancy lipid levels and in the absence of type 2 diabetes development. Lipid screening after GDM deserves special consideration.
Diet quality during preconception or pregnancy and gestational weight gain: protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis; Introduction Inappropriate gestational weight gain (GWG), including inadequate and excessive GWG, has become pandemic across nations and continents. This review aims to synthesise the evidence on the correlation between diet quality and GWG. If this association is confirmed, improving diet quality could become an intervention target in the efforts to reduce inappropriate GWG. Methods and analysis We will conduct a systematic review of all prospective cohort studies on diet quality in preconception or pregnancy and GWG. Our secondary outcomes include gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and birth weight. A comprehensive search of all published articles in MEDLINE ALL (Ovid), Embase (Ovid), Food Science and Technology Abstracts (Ovid) and CINAHL (EBSCOHost), from database creation to 20 April 2019, will be conducted. Studies will be screened for eligibility by title, abstract and full text in duplicate by two independent reviewers. Study quality and risk of bias will be assessed using the adapted Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Results will be reported following the meta-analysis of observational studies in epidemiology guidelines. If sufficient data are available, a meta-analysis will be conducted to synthesise the effect size reported as OR with 95% CI using both fixed-effect and random-effect models. I-2 statistics and visual inspection of the forest plots will be used to assess heterogeneity and identify the potential sources of heterogeneity. Publication bias will be assessed by visual inspections of funnel plots and Egger's test. Ethics and dissemination Formal ethical approval is not required as no primary data will be collected. We aim to publish the results of this study in a peer-reviewed journal and present them at conferences and scientific meetings to promote knowledge transfer.
Aerobic exercise training may improve nerve function in type 2 diabetes and pre-diabetes: A systematic review; Diabetic neuropathy is a major complication of type 2 diabetes. Emerging evidence also suggests that people with pre-diabetes may develop similar symptoms related to nerve dysfunction. While regular exercise provides many benefits to patients with diabetes, whether exercise influences nerve function has not been established. As such, the aim of this systematic review was to evaluate current evidence regarding the effect of exercise training on the progression and development of diabetic neuropathy. A systematic search of MEDLINE (Ovid), CINAHL, AMED, PEDro, the Cochrane Library, Embase, and Scopus databases identified a total of 12 studies that were eligible for inclusion in this systematic review. Quality rating and data extraction were performed by two independent reviewers. The 12 included studies examined people with pre-diabetes (n = 1) and with type 2 diabetes (n = 11). There was heterogeneity of study quality and exercise type and dosage among these studies. Eleven studies reported that exercise training had a positive influence on nerve function or neuropathy-related symptoms; and only one study reported mild adverse events. Evidence from this systematic review suggests aerobic exercise training may positively influence nerve function among people with type 2 diabetes, with minimal risk of adverse events. Further research will be required to determine the optimal dosage of exercise training and the effect on nerve function in pre-diabetes and in women with previous gestational diabetes. This review is registered on PROSPERO (CRD42018088182).
BENEFICIAL EFFECTS OF PASTA DURING PREGNANCY: THE POSITIVE EFFECTS OF MEDITERRANEAN DIET; Pregnancy is a physiological state during which the woman's body undergoes profound modifications. During this time, every woman must be nourished in such a way as to maintain herself in good health and at the same time allovt , the fetal tissues to form and develop in the best way. Proper nutrition is one of the fundamental prerequisites for the normal evolution of both pregnancy and fetal growth: the quantity and quality of food and drinks must be scrupulously controlled. Contrariwise, it is important to avoid the excess calories and macronutrients. In filet, during pregnancy, it may be just as harmful as their shortage, e.specially in overweight and obese women, jar which the risk of miscarriage, gestational diabetes, fetal growth disorders and preeclampsia increases. The pasta constitutes the foundation of the Mediterranean diet food. The dough can be seen, therefore, so it represents an excellent ally of the diet from a nutritional point of view. The nutritional values of the pasta change depending on the type, based on the fact that the dough is traditional or integral semolina. It also contains vitamin B and has an abundance of minerals, among which potassium. The pasta is an easily digestible food, ensuring energy ready to use (such as all carbohydrates); moreover, it possesses a great satiating power. In case of overweight, however, it is possible to reduce the number of carbohydrates in the diet, taking care not to make them ever miss. In conclusion, the consumption of pasta is very important during pregnancy: a diet without carbohydrates can be dangerous for all physiological pathways.
The role of iron in type 2 diabetes in humans; The role of micronutrients in the etiology of type 2 diabetes is not well established. Several lines of evidence suggest that iron play may a role in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes. Iron is a strong pro-oxidant and high body iron levels are associated with increased level of oxidative stress that may elevate the risk of type 2 diabetes. Several epidemiological studies have reported a positive association between high body iron stores, as measured by circulating ferritin level, and the risk of type 2 diabetes and of other insulin resistant states such as the metabolic syndrome, gestational diabetes and polycystic ovarian syndrome. In addition, increased dietary intake of iron, especially that of heme iron, is associated with risk of type 2 diabetes in apparently healthy populations. Results from studies that have evaluated the association between genetic mutations related to iron metabolism have been inconsistent. Further, several clinical trials have suggested that phlebotomy induced reduction in body iron levels may improve insulin sensitivity in humans. However, no interventional studies have yet directly evaluated the effect of reducing iron intake or body iron levels on the risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Such studies are required to prove the causal relationship between moderate iron overload and diabetes risk. (C) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Impact of Nutrient Type and Sequence on Glucose Tolerance: Physiological Insights and Therapeutic Implications; Pharmacological and dietary interventions targeting postprandial glycemia have proved effective in reducing the risk for type 2 diabetes and its cardiovascular complications. Besides meal composition and size, the timing of macronutrient consumption during a meal has been recently recognized as a key regulator of postprandial glycemia. Emerging evidence suggests that premeal consumption of non-carbohydrate macronutrients (i.e., protein and fat "preloads") can markedly reduce postprandial glycemia by delaying gastric emptying, enhancing glucose-stimulated insulin release, and decreasing insulin clearance. The same improvement in glucose tolerance is achievable by optimal timing of carbohydrate ingestion during a meal (i.e., carbohydrate-last meal patterns), which minimizes the risk of body weight gain when compared with nutrient preloads. The magnitude of the glucose-lowering effect of preload-based nutritional strategies is greater in type 2 diabetes than healthy subjects, being comparable and additive to current glucose-lowering drugs, and appears sustained over time. This dietary approach has also shown promising results in pathological conditions characterized by postprandial hyperglycemia in which available pharmacological options are limited or not cost-effective, such as type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes, and impaired glucose tolerance. Therefore, preload-based nutritional strategies, either alone or in combination with pharmacological treatments, may offer a simple, effective, safe, and inexpensive tool for the prevention and management of postprandial hyperglycemia. Here, we survey these novel physiological insights and their therapeutic implications for patients with diabetes mellitus and altered glucose tolerance.
Prevalence, Metabolic Profile, and Associated Risk Factors of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in an Adult Population of India; IntroductionNon-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the main cause of chronic liver disease worldwide. NAFLD refers to a group of diseases that includes simple steatosis, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, cirrhosis, and hepatocellular carcinoma. Unfortunately, there aren't many studies on NAFLD conducted in India. The majority of research involved specific populations, such as diabetics, pregnant women with gestational diabetes, and obese or non-obese people. When the current study was being planned, there were few population-based studies available. In almost all of the research, ultrasound was employed to identify NAFLD, and the whole spectrum of NAFLD was not assessed. The full spectrum of NAFLD in India must have been considered, including all stages of steatosis as well as hepatic damage as shown by high alanine aminotransferase levels and fibrosis. The purpose of this study was to determine the prevalence, spectrum, and metabolic determinants of NAFLD as assessed by FibroScan (R) (FibroScan (R) expert 630 machine; Echosens, Paris, France) in adults of Central India.MethodsThis cross-sectional study was conducted among 236 adults aged 18 years and above in three localities of Bhopal, India from March 2022 to October 2022. The study included males and females who provided informed consent and fulfilled inclusion criteria. One research assistant and one staff nurse solicited people to participate in the FibroScan (R) test during the community screening and shared information about the programme. All participants were subjected to the FibroScan (R) test.ResultsA total of 322 healthy adults were approached for possible inclusion in the study. Data from 236 subjects were available for analysis after meeting the inclusion and exclusion criteria. According to this study, 43.6% of the study population had NAFLD as detected by FibroScan (R). Out of the total, 12.7% of subjects had steatosis grade 1 (S1), 12.3% of subjects had steatosis grade 2 (S2), and 18.6% of subjects had steatosis grade 3 (S3). High body weight, high waist circumference, high waist-to-hip ratio, high fasting sugar, high serum glutamate pyruvate transaminase (SGPT), high triglyceride levels and high very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) levels were significantly associated with NAFLD.ConclusionIn conclusion, 43.6% of the adult population of Bhopal, India is suffering from NAFLD. NAFLD is a severe burden in the Indian community despite being historically associated with the western world. Obesity, diabetes and dyslipidemia are significantly associated with NAFLD.
Early-Life Determinants of Total and HDL Cholesterol Concentrations in 8-Year-Old Children; The PIAMA Birth Cohort Study; Background: Adult cholesterol concentrations might be influenced by early-life factors, such as breastfeeding and birth weight, referred to as "early programming". How such early factors exert their influence over the life course is still poorly understood. Evidence from studies in children and adolescents is scarce and conflicting. We investigated the influence of 6 different perinatal risk factors on childhood total and HDL cholesterol concentrations and total-to-HDL cholesterol ratio measured at 8 years of age, and additionally we studied the role of the child's current Body Mass Index (BMI). Methods: Anthropometric measures and blood plasma samples were collected during a medical examination in 751 8-year-old children participating in the prospective Prevention and Incidence of Asthma and Mite Allergy (PIAMA) birth cohort study. Linear and logistic regression were performed to estimate associations of total and HDL cholesterol concentrations with breastfeeding, birth weight, infant weight gain, maternal overweight before pregnancy, gestational diabetes and maternal smoking during pregnancy, taking into account the child's current BMI. Results: Linear regressions showed an association between total-to-HDL cholesterol ratio and maternal pre-pregnancy overweight (beta = 0.15, Confidence Interval 95% (CI): 0.02, 0.28), rapid infant weight gain (beta = 0.13, 95% CI: 0.01, 0.26), and maternal smoking during pregnancy (beta = 0.14, 95% CI: 0.00, 0.29). These associations were partly mediated by the child's BMI. Conclusion: Total-to-HDL cholesterol ratio in 8-year-old children was positively associated with maternal pre-pregnancy overweight, maternal smoking during pregnancy and rapid infant weight gain.
Healthcare Prometrics in the Era of Redeployment; A bid is made to measure health as a value. Continuous and conceptual variables pertaining to healthcare distribution, expenses and outcomes are obtained from 70 studies presenting 4,245,866 patient-population from Finland and 4,304,049 from the USA-clustered for three periods: biennium, lustrum, decade. Two causality loops are sampled per country of interest: prematurity-perinatal mortality (PPM), tobacco consumption-respiratory cancer (TRC). Both in Finland and the USA, attribute risk for hypothyroidism, autoimmune disorders, and cardiomyopathy outstage other predictors of perinatal mortality. Diabetes mellitus, diabetes insipidus, obesity, and urinary tract infections are increasingly dominating PPM risks in the USA. Perinatal and maternal mortality ratios are consistently lower in Finland (RR 1.8-4.35). The mean duration of NICU-stay among the surviving and non-surviving low-weight infants is higher in Finland (RR 1.3-3.0). Regardless the term, cost of one NICU-day is 36-53-fold higher in the USA. The state-sponsored prenatal care is 2.58 times more consumed in Finland where the cost of basic prenatal care (excluding childbirth expenses) is 1.6 times lower. Low income is a substantial contributor to tobacco smoking (OR 5.0-15.6)-with a stronger connection (RR 3.56) in the USA. The US mortality rates from active smoking (R 1.5) and nicotine consumption by non-smoking means (RR 2.22) are higher even when the leading death predictors (COPD, Fanconi anemia, thromboembolism, TP53 gene mutation, KRAS mutation) are significantly higher in Finland (RR 2.57-12.85). High asthma rates among the US smokers (RR 4.21) are distinct predictors of poor survival rates from lung cancer-also reflected in higher Tiffeneau-Pinelli index reduction (RR 3.96). Delays in detection of respiratory cancer inversely relate to the survival rates (r =- 0.56). Where results are chaotic, data are assessed through holomorphic operation, each domain as complex-valued function of differentiable variable(s). Under the Riemannian and Finsler reasoning, each variable is a manifold in a spatial unit where tangent sits with the fourth root of differential expression. Such indexing could interprete functional relationships between healthcare value, demand elasticity, attributable or relative risk, prognosis-in the non-cohort samples, as suggested by the following equation matrix: R = ( [eta (t) eta (t')/delta (t-t') ]-D-x(1)mu r - D-1[mu (x)r + mu r (x)] - D-x(2)(1 - lambda s) + D-2[lambda (x)s + lambda s (x)])(ik) (l(j) R-jikl l(l)). Due to its inherent dissonance property enabling data triangulation in infinitesimal points, Euclidean reasoning may help devise comprehensive healthcare index to predict perinatal and tobacco mortality. Findings of this study suggest that health value is higher in Finland. The need for health policy reform in the USA is warranted.
Pre-eclampsia is associated with a twofold increase in diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Pre-eclampsia is a pregnancy-specific multisystem disorder and a state of physiological insulin resistance. Our aim was to systematically evaluate and quantify the evidence on the relationship between pre-eclampsia and the future risk of diabetes. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of studies that evaluated diabetes in women with and without pre-eclampsia. We performed a systematic search of MEDLINE and EMBASE to identify relevant studies. Independent double data extractions were conducted by four reviewers. Random-effects meta-analysis was used to estimate the risk of future diabetes following pre-eclampsia. A total of 21 studies were identified with more than 2.8 million women, including more than 72,500 women with pre-eclampsia. Meta-analysis of studies that adjusted for potential confounders demonstrated that pre-eclampsia was independently associated with an increased risk of future diabetes (RR 2.37 [95% CI 1.89, 2.97]). This risk appeared in studies that followed women from less than 1 year postpartum (RR 1.97 [95% CI 1.35, 2.87]) and persisted to more than 10 years postpartum (RR 1.95 [95% CI 1.28, 2.97]). After adjusting for BMI or gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia remained linked with an increased risk of future diabetes (RR 2.38 [95% CI 1.74, 3.24] and RR 2.36 [95% CI 1.94, 2.88], respectively). Pre-eclampsia is independently associated with a twofold increase in future diabetes. Our study highlights the importance of clinical risk assessment for the future development of diabetes in women with pre-eclampsia. We recommend detailed evaluation of a screening programme for diabetes in this high-risk population.
Pregnancy outcomes after first trimester exposure to phentermine/fenfluramine; Background: Fenfluramine was withdrawn from the U.S. market in 1997 because of its association with cardiac-valve abnormalities in adults. The combination of fenfluramine and phentermine had been widely used to promote weight loss, and many women were inadvertently exposed during the first trimester of pregnancy. The possible effect on the developing fetus has not been studied. Methods: Controlled prospective cohort study comparing 98 women who had taken phentermine/fenfluramine to 233 women who had not, all of whom contacted the California Teratogen Information Service during pregnancy. Results: The proportion of liveborn infants with major structural anomalies was similar in the two groups (3.6% vs. 1.0%, relative risk (RR) 3.59; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.61, 21.10), as was the proportion of infants with greater than or equal to3 minor anomalies (11.7% vs. 7.6%, RR 1.53; 95% CI 0.61, 3,82). Furthermore, no pattern of malformation was identified. There were no significant differences between the groups in spontaneous pregnancy loss (6.1% vs. 8.2%, P = 0.65) or premature delivery (8.6% vs. 7.7%, P = 0.95). Birth weight and head circumference were significantly increased in the exposed group; however, these differences were not associated with anorexiant use itself. The rate of gestational diabetes was significantly increased in pregnant women who took phentermine/fenfluramine during the first trimester of pregnancy. Conclusions: Although it is not possible from this study to rule out weak to moderate associations, the lack of an increased risk of spontaneous pregnancy loss, and major or minor anomalies in the offspring of women who took phentermine/fenfluramine at the recommended daily dose during the first trimester of pregnancy is reassuring. Teratology 65:125-130, 2002. (C) 2002 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Postpartum-Specific Vital Sign Reference Ranges; OBJECTIVE: To estimate normal ranges for postpartum maternal vital signs. METHODS: We conducted a multicenter prospective longitudinal cohort study in the United Kingdom. We recruited women before 20 weeks of gestation without significant comorbidities and with accurately dated singleton pregnancies. Women recorded their own blood pressure, heart rate, oxygen saturation and temperature daily for 2 weeks postpartum. Trained midwives measured participants' vital signs including respiratory rate around postpartum days 1, 7, and 14. RESULTS: From August 2012 to September 2016, we screened 4,279 pregnant women; 1,054 met eligibility criteria and chose to take part. Postpartum vital sign data were available for 909 women (86.2%). Median, or 50th centile (3rd-97th centile), systolic and diastolic blood pressures increased from the day of birth: 116 mm Hg (88-147) and 74 mm Hg (59-93) to a maximum median of 121 mm Hg (102-143) and 79 mm Hg (63-94) on days 5 and 6 postpartum, respectively, an increase of 5 mm Hg (95% CI 3-7) and 5 mm Hg (95% CI 4-6), respectively. Median (3rd-97th centile) systolic and diastolic blood pressure returned to 116 mm Hg (98-137) and 75 mm Hg (61-91) by day 14 postpartum. The median (3rd-97th centile) heart rate was highest on the day of birth, 84 beats per minute (bpm) (59-110) decreasing to a minimum of 75 bpm (55-101) 14 days postpartum. Oxygen saturation, respiratory rate, and temperature did not change in the 2 weeks postbirth. Median (3rd-97th centile) day-of-birth oxygen saturation was 96% (93-98). Median (3rd-97th centile) day-of-birth respiratory rate was 15 breaths per minute (10-22). Median (3rd-97th centile) day-of-birth temperature was 36.7 degrees C (35.6-37.6). CONCLUSION: We present widely relevant, postpartum, day-specific reference ranges which may facilitate early detection of abnormal blood pressure, heart rate, respiratory rate, oxygen saturation and temperature during the puerperium. Our findings could inform construction of an evidence-based modified obstetric early warning system to better identify unwell postpartum women.
Chronic Diseases and Related Risk Factors among Low-Income Mothers; The aim is to describe the burden of chronic disease and related risk factors among low-income women of reproductive age. We analyzed population-based data from the 2005-2006 Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (PRAMS) for 14,990 women with a live birth in 7 states. We examined the prevalence of selected chronic diseases and related risk factors (preexisting diabetes, gestational diabetes, chronic hypertension, pregnancy-induced hypertension, obesity, smoking or binge drinking prior to pregnancy, smoking or excessive weight gain during pregnancy, and postpartum depressive symptoms) by Federal Poverty Level (FPL) (a parts per thousand currency sign100% FPL; 101-250% FPL; > 250% FPL). Approximately one-third of women were low-income (a parts per thousand currency sign100% FPL), one-third were near-low-income (101-250% FPL), and one-third were higher-income (> 250% FPL). Compared to higher-income women, low-income women were significantly more likely to smoke before or during pregnancy (34.2% vs. 14.4%, and 24.8% vs. 5.4%, respectively), be obese (22.2% vs. 16.0%), experience postpartum depressive symptoms (23.3% vs. 7.9%), have 3 or more chronic diseases and/or related risk factors (28.1% vs. 14.4%) and be uninsured before pregnancy (48.9% vs. 4.8%). Low-income women of reproductive age experienced a higher prevalence of selected chronic diseases and related risk factors. Enhancing services for these women in publicly-funded family planning clinics may help reduce disparities in pregnancy and long-term health outcomes in the poor.
The relationship between post-prandial plasma glucose and post-challenge plasma glucose in Japanese population; The relationship between post-prandial plasma glucose (PPG) and post-challenge plasma glucose (PCG) within individuals was investigated in Japanese population. The oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and measurements of PPG 2 h after ingestion of a standardized rice-based meal (PPG2h), were performed in 4471 middle-aged Japanese subjects (2774 men and 1697 women, 50.7 +/- 8.5 years). There was a loose correlation between PPG2h and PCG2h (r = 0.327, p < 0.00 1). The diabetes group (n = 170) showed the highest PPG2h, followed by the IGT group (n = 786) and the NGT group (n = 3414) (p < 0.05). At the cutoff point of 140 mg/dl (7.8 mmol/l) for PPG2h, specificities were 94.9% for IGT plus diabetes and 92.9% for diabetes, but sensitivities were as low as 23.2% for IGT plus diabetes and 44.7% for diabetes. The correlation of PPG2h with PCG2h was stronger in the obese group (BMI >= 25 kg/m(2)) than in the lean group (BMI < 20 kg/m(2)). We conclude that the correlation between PPG2h and PCG2h was significant but not very tight. In evaluating PPG2h, if the cutoff point of 140 mg/dl (7.8 mmol/l) for PCG2h is extrapolated, the majority of subjects with dysglycemia could be overlooked. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All fights reserved.
The Kaiser Permanente Northern California research program on genes, environment, and health (RPGEH) pregnancy cohort: study design, methodology and baseline characteristics; Background: Exposures during the prenatal period may have lasting effects on maternal and child health outcomes. To better understand the effects of the in utero environment on children's short-and long-term health, large representative pregnancy cohorts with comprehensive information on a broad range of environmental influences (including biological and behavioral) and the ability to link to prenatal, child and maternal health outcomes are needed. The Research Program on Genes, Environment and Health (RPGEH) pregnancy cohort at Kaiser Permanente Northern California (KPNC) was established to create a resource for conducting research to better understand factors influencing women's and children's health. Recruitment is integrated into routine clinical prenatal care at KPNC, an integrated health care delivery system. We detail the study design, data collection, and methodologies for establishing this cohort. We also describe the baseline characteristics and the cohort's representativeness of the underlying pregnant population in KPNC. Methods: While recruitment is ongoing, as of October 2014, the RPGEH pregnancy cohort included 16,977 pregnancies (53 % from racial and ethnic minorities). RPGEH pregnancy cohort participants consented to have blood samples obtained in the first trimester (mean gestational age 9.1 weeks +/- 4.2 SD) and second trimester (mean gestational age 18.1 weeks +/- 5.5 SD) to be stored for future use. Women were invited to complete a questionnaire on health history and lifestyle. Information on women's clinical and health assessments before, during and after pregnancy and women and children's health outcomes are available in the health system's electronic health records, which also allows long-term follow-up. Discussion: This large, racially-and ethnically-diverse cohort of pregnancies with prenatal biospecimens and clinical data is a valuable resource for future studies on in utero environmental exposures and maternal and child perinatal and long term health outcomes. The baseline characteristics of RPGEH Pregnancy Cohort demonstrate that it is highly representative of the underlying population living in the broader community in Northern California.
Ethnic disparities: Control of glycemia, blood pressure, and LDL cholesterol among US adults with type 2 diabetes; OBJECTIVE: To examine ethnic disparities in the quality of diabetes care among adults with diabetes in the US through a systematic qualitative review. DATA SOURCES: Material published in the English language was searched from 1993 through June 2003 using PubMed, Web of Science, Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health, the Cochrane Library, Combined Health Information Database, and Education Resources Information Center. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: Studies of patients with diabetes in which at least 50% of study participants were ethnic minorities and studies that made ethnic group comparisons were eligible. Research on individuals having prediabetes, those < 18 years of age, or women with gestational diabetes were excluded. Reviewers used a reproducible search strategy. A standardized abstraction and grading of articles for publication source and content were used. Data on glycemia, blood pressure, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were extracted in patients with diabetes. A total of 390 studies were reviewed, with 78 meeting inclusion criteria. DATA SYNTHESIS: Ethnic minorities had poorer outcomes of care than non-Hispanic whites. These disparities were most pronounced for glycemic control and least evident for LDL-C control. Most studies showed blood pressure to be poorly controlled among ethnic minorities. CONCLUSIONS: Control of risk factors for diabetes (glycemia, blood pressure, LDL-C) is challenging and requires routine assessment. These findings indicate that additional efforts are needed to promote diabetes quality of care among minority populations.
Reference intervals for clinical biochemistry and haematology tests during normal pregnancy; Background Pregnancy induces physiological changes which affect biochemical and haematological parameters. As the significance of laboratory test results change throughout pregnancy, the reference interval (RI) or key result interpretive guide should be specific to pregnancy. This study sought to establish trimester-specific-RIs for routine biochemical and haematological tests in healthy white European women with singleton pregnancies with comparison to RIs for non-pregnant European adults. Methods A retrospective analysis of a prospective longitudinal single-centre study of healthy pregnant women conducted between November 2018 and December 2020 in a tertiary academic hospital with approximately 3000 births annually. Inclusion criteria: signed informed consent, age >= 18 years, white European, body mass index (BMI) <25 kg/m2, blood pressure <140/90mmHg, non-smoker, no previous pathology or gestational diabetes. Trimester defined as T1: up to 13 weeks + 6 days, T2: 14-27 weeks + 6 days and T3: >= 28-41 weeks + 6 days. Baseline demographics, anthropometric and laboratory measurements were recorded. In total, 31 biochemical and 10 haematological ISO15189:2012 accredited tests were measured using Roche Cobas (R) and Sysmex XN-9100 (TM) analysers, respectively. RIs were established according to the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry (IFCC) recommended method. Results Apparently healthy pregnant women (n = 124) with bio-banked serum samples in each trimester were recruited. At the booking visit, 49.2% (n = 61) of participants were nulliparous, with median age of 34.4 (IQR: 31.3-37.3) years, gestational age of 89 (IQR: 84-93) days, BMI of 22.5 (IQR: 21.0-23.7) kg/m(2) and systolic and diastolic blood pressure of 116 (110-125) mmHg and 67 (61-75) mmHg, respectively. Conclusions Normative trimester-specific biological intervals for routinely requested biochemical and haematological medical laboratory tests were established. These RIs will be invaluable to result interpretation and the management of pregnant women.
Association of prenatal modifiable risk factors with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder outcomes at age 10 and 15 in an extremely low gestational age cohort; BackgroundThe increased risk of developing attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in extremely preterm infants is well-documented. Better understanding of perinatal risk factors, particularly those that are modifiable, can inform prevention efforts. MethodsWe examined data from the Extremely Low Gestational Age Newborns (ELGAN) Study. Participants were screened for ADHD at age 10 with the Child Symptom Inventory-4 (N = 734) and assessed at age 15 with a structured diagnostic interview (MINI-KID) to evaluate for the diagnosis of ADHD (N = 575). We studied associations of pre-pregnancy maternal body mass index (BMI), pregestational and/or gestational diabetes, maternal smoking during pregnancy (MSDP), and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) with 10-year and 15-year ADHD outcomes. Relative risks were calculated using Poisson regression models with robust error variance, adjusted for maternal age, maternal educational status, use of food stamps, public insurance status, marital status at birth, and family history of ADHD. We defined ADHD as a positive screen on the CSI-4 at age 10 and/or meeting DSM-5 criteria at age 15 on the MINI-KID. We evaluated the robustness of the associations to broadening or restricting the definition of ADHD. We limited the analysis to individuals with IQ >= 70 to decrease confounding by cognitive functioning. We evaluated interactions between maternal BMI and diabetes status. We assessed for mediation of risk increase by alterations in inflammatory or neurotrophic protein levels in the first week of life. ResultsElevated maternal BMI and maternal diabetes were each associated with a 55-65% increase in risk of ADHD, with evidence of both additive and multiplicative interactions between the two exposures. MSDP and HDP were not associated with the risk of ADHD outcomes. There was some evidence for association of ADHD outcomes with high levels of inflammatory proteins or moderate levels of neurotrophic proteins, but there was no evidence that these mediated the risk associated with maternal BMI or diabetes. ConclusionContrary to previous population-based studies, MSDP and HDP did not predict ADHD outcomes in this extremely preterm cohort, but elevated maternal pre-pregnancy BMI, maternal diabetes, and perinatal inflammatory markers were associated with increased risk of ADHD at age 10 and/or 15, with positive interaction between pre-pregnancy BMI and maternal diabetes.
Thyroid Dysfunction and Autoantibodies during Pregnancy as Predictive Factors of Pregnancy Complications and Maternal Morbidity in Later Life; Context: Knowledge is scarce concerning the significance of thyroid dysfunction/antibodies during pregnancy in regard to pregnancy complications/later maternal morbidity. Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between maternal thyroid dysfunction/antibodies during pregnancy and pregnancy complications or later maternal hypertension, diabetes, and thyroid disease. Design and Setting: We studied a prospective population-based cohort, Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986 (NFBC 1986), with follow-up of 20 yr. Medication and hospital discharge records were used to assess maternal morbidity to hypertension, diabetes, and thyroid diseases. Participants: The study consisted of mothers of NFBC 1986 with early pregnancy serum samples for thyroid function and antibody analyses (n = 5805). Mothers were grouped and compared according to these test results. Main Outcome Measures: We focused on preeclampsia and gestational diabetes during index pregnancy, later maternal hypertension, diabetes, and thyroid disease morbidity and total mortality. Results: Thyroid dysfunction and antibodies were not associated with pregnancy complications. Overt hypothyroidism was associated with subsequent maternal thyroid disease [hazard ratio (HR) (95% confidence interval), 17.7 (7.8-40.6)] and diabetes [6.0 (2.2-16.4)]. Subclinical hypothyroidism [3.3 (1.6-6.9)], TPO-Ab-positivity [4.2 (2.3-7.4)], and TG-Ab-positivity [3.3 (1.9-6.0)] were also associated with later thyroid disease. No association was found between thyroid dysfunction/antibodies and hypertension or overall mortality. Conclusions: Thyroid dysfunction and antibodies during pregnancy seem to predict later thyroid disease. Overt hypothyroidism poses risk of diabetes. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 95: 1084-1094, 2010)
Maternal Hemodynamics in Normal Pregnancies at 11-13 Weeks' Gestation; Objective: In women with established pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes there is an increase in central aortic systolic blood pressure (SBPAo), pulse wave velocity (PWV) and augmentation index (AIx), which are measures of arterial stiffness. The aim of this study was to establish normal ranges for PWV, AIx and SBPAo at 11-13 weeks' gestation and to examine the maternal characteristics which affect these parameters. Methods: This was a prospective study in singleton pregnancies at 11(+0) - 13(+6) weeks' gestation. Maternal history and characteristics were recorded and PWV, AIx and SBPAo were measured. Multiple regression analysis was used to examine which of the maternal characteristics provided a significant contribution in the prediction of Alx-75, PWV and SBPAo. Results: In normal pregnancies PWV, AIx-75 and SBPAo were related to certain maternal characteristics, including increase with maternal age for AIx-75 and PWV, decrease with maternal height for AIx-75 and increase with maternal weight for PWV and SBPAo and decrease for AIx (p < 0.0001). The median, 5th, 10th, 90th and 95th percentiles for AIx-75 MoM (multiple of the unaffected median), PWV MoM and SBPAo MoM were 1.00, 0.72, 0.79, 1.34 and 1.48; 1.00, 0.77, 0.82, 1.24 and 1.33; and 1.00, 0.86, 0.88, 1.15 and 1.20, respectively. Conclusions: This study provides normal ranges for PWV, AIx and SBP Ao at 11-13 weeks' gestation and defines the maternal characteristics which affect these vascular parameters. Copyright (C) 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel
Molecular cloning, characterization and expression of the energy homeostasis-associated gene in piglet; The energy homeostasis-associated (Enho) gene encodes a secreted protein, adropin, which regulates the expression of hepatic lipogenic genes and adipose tissue peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma, a major regulator of lipogenesis. In the present study, the porcine (Sus scrofa) homologue of the Enho gene, which was named pEnho, was amplified by reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) using oligonucleotide primers derived from in silico sequences. The gene sequence was submitted into the GenBank of NCBI, and the access number is GQ414763. The pEnho encodes a protein of 76 amino acids which shows 75% similarity to Homo sapiens adropin. The expression profile of pEnho in tissues (liver, muscle, anterior jejunum, posterior jejunum, and ileum) was determined by quantitative real-time RT-PCR. pEnho was localized on porcine chromosome 10 and no introns were found. In conclusion, pEnho was cloned and analysed with the aim of increasing knowledge about glucose and lipid metabolism in piglets and helping to promote the health and growth of piglets through adropin regulation.
Maternal Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet during Pregnancy: A Review of Commonly Used <i>a priori</i> Indexes; Currently, many a priori indexes are being used to assess maternal adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) during pregnancy but each with different components, cut-off points, and scoring systems. This narrative review aimed to identify all observational studies utilizing a priori indexes to assess maternal adherence to the MD during pregnancy. A systematic search was conducted in Pubmed until 1 July 2020. Among the 27 studies included, eight different a priori indexes were identified. Studies included a range of 5 to 13 dietary components in their indexes. Only three dietary components-vegetables, fruits, and fish-were common among all indexes. Dairy and alcohol were the only two components modified for pregnancy. All but one study either excluded alcohol from their index or reversed its scoring to contribute to decreased adherence to the MD. Approximately half of the studies established cut-off points based on the distribution of the study population; the others utilized fixed criteria. This review emphasizes the incongruent definitions of the MD impairing effective comparison among studies relating to maternal or offspring health outcomes. Future research should carefully consider the heterogeneous definitions of the MD in a priori indexes and the relevance of incorporating pregnancy-specific nutritional requirements.
Increased Systolic and Diastolic Blood Pressure Is Associated With Altered Gut Microbiota Composition and Butyrate Production in Early Pregnancy; The risk of developing pregnancy-induced hypertension and preeclampsia is higher in obese pregnant women. In obesity, the composition of the gut microbiota is altered. Obesity is also associated with low-grade inflammation. Metabolites from the gut microbiota may contribute to both hypertension and inflammation. The aim of this study is to investigate whether the composition of the gut microbiota in overweight and obese pregnant women is associated with blood pressure and levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1. The composition of the gut microbiota was determined with 16S ribosomal RNA sequencing in 205 women at 16 weeks gestation from the SPRING study (the Study of Probiotics in Gestational Diabetes). Expression of butyrate-producing genes in the gut microbiota was assessed by real-time polymerase chain reaction. Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 levels were measured in fasting serum of a subset of 70 women. Blood pressure was slightly but significantly higher in obese compared with overweight women. The abundance of the butyrate-producing genus Odoribacter was inversely correlated with systolic blood pressure. Butyrate production capacity was decreased, but plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 concentrations increased in obese pregnant women. Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 levels were inversely correlated with expression of butyrate kinase and Odoribacter abundance. This study shows that in overweight and obese pregnant women at 16 weeks gestation, the abundance of butyrate-producing bacteria and butyrate production in the gut microbiota is significantly negatively associated with blood pressure and with plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 levels. Increasing butyrate-producing capacity may contribute to maintenance of normal blood pressure in obese pregnant women.
Accelerated developmental adipogenesis programs adipose tissue dysfunction and cardiometabolic risk in offspring born to dams with metabolic dysfunction; This study determined if a perturbation in in utero adipogenesis leading to later life adipose tissue (AT) dysfunction underlies programming of cardiometabolic risk in offspring born to dams with metabolic dysfunction. Female mice heterozygous for the leptin receptor deficiency (Hetdb) had 2.4-fold higher prepregnancy fat mass and in late gestation had higher plasma insulin and triglycerides compared with wild-type (Wt) females (P < 0.05). To isolate the role of the intrauterine milieu, wild-type (Wt) offspring from each pregnancy were studied. Differentiation potential in isolated progenitors and cell size distribution analysis revealed accelerated adipogenesis in Wt pups born to Het(db) dams, accompanied by a higher accumulation of neonatal fat mass. In adulthood, whole body fat mass by NMR was higher in male (69%) and female (20%) Wt offspring born to Het(db) versus Wt pregnancies, along with adipocyte hypertrophy and hyperlipidemia (all P < 0.05). Lipidomic analyses by gas chromatography revealed an increased lipogenic index (16:0/18:2n6) after high-fat/fructose diet (HFFD). Postprandial insulin, ADIPO-IR, and ex vivo AT lipolytic responses to isoproterenol were all higher in Wt offspring born to Hetdb dams (P < 0.05). Intrauterine metabolic stimuli may direct a greater proportion of progenitors toward terminal differentiation, thereby predisposing to hypertrophy induced adipocyte dysfunction. NEW & NOTEWORTHY This study reveals that accelerated adipogenesis during the perinatal window of adipose tissue development predisposes to later life hypertrophic adipocyte dysfunction, thereby compromising the buffering function of the subcutaneous depot.
Patterns of brain injury in term neonatal encephalopathy; Objectives To determine whether the pattern of brain injury in term neonatal encephalopathy is associated with distinct prenatal find perinatal factors and to determine whether the pattern of injury is associated with 30-month neurodevelopmental Outcome. Study design A total of 173 term newborns with neonatal encephalopathy from 2 centers underwent magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) at it median of 6 days of age (range, 1-24 days). Patterns of injury on MRI were defined on the basis of the predominant site of injury: watershed predominant, basal ganglia/thalamus predominant, and normal. Results The watershed pattern of in jury was seen in 78 newborns(45%), the basal ganglia/thalamus pattern was seen in 44 newborns (25%), and normal MRI studies were seen in 51 newborns (30%). Antenatal conditions such as maternal substance use, gestational diabetes, premature rupture of membranes, pre-eclampsia, and intra-uterine growth restriction did not differ across patterns. The basal ganglia/thalamus pattern was associated with more severe neonatal signs, including more intensive resuscitation fit birth (P =.001), more severe encephalopathy (P =.0001), and more severe seizures (P =.0001). The basal ganglia/thalamus pattern was associated with the most impaired motor find cognitive outcome fit 30 months. Conclusion The patterns of brain injury in term neonatal encephalopathy are associated with different clinical presentations and neurodevelopmental outcomes. Measured prenatal risk factors did not predict the pattern of brain in jury.
Metformin: an old but still the best treatment for type 2 diabetes; The management of T2DM requires aggressive treatment to achieve glycemic and cardiovascular risk factor goals. In this setting, metformin, an old and widely accepted first line agent, stands out not only for its antihyperglycemic properties but also for its effects beyond glycemic control such as improvements in endothelial dysfunction, hemostasis and oxidative stress, insulin resistance, lipid profiles, and fat redistribution. These properties may have contributed to the decrease of adverse cardiovascular outcomes otherwise not attributable to metformin's mere antihyperglycemic effects. Several other classes of oral antidiabetic agents have been recently launched, introducing the need to evaluate the role of metformin as initial therapy and in combination with these newer drugs. There is increasing evidence from in vivo and in vitro studies supporting its anti-proliferative role in cancer and possibly a neuroprotective effect. Metformin's negligible risk of hypoglycemia in monotherapy and few drug interactions of clinical relevance give this drug a high safety profile. The tolerability of metformin may be improved by using an appropiate dose titration, starting with low doses, so that side-effects can be minimized or by switching to an extended release form. We reviewed the role of metformin in the treatment of patients with type 2 diabetes and describe the additional benefits beyond its glycemic effect. We also discuss its potential role for a variety of insulin resistant and pre-diabetic states, obesity, metabolic abnormalities associated with HIV disease, gestational diabetes, cancer, and neuroprotection.
Exercise in Pregnancy and Children's Cardiometabolic Risk Factors: a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: Maternal metabolic health during the prenatal period is an established determinant of cardiometabolic disease risk. Many studies have focused on poor offspring outcomes after exposure to poor maternal health, while few have systematically appraised the evidence surrounding the role of maternal exercise in decreasing this risk. The aim of this study is to characterize and quantify the specific impact of prenatal exercise on children's cardiometabolic health markers, at birth and in childhood. Methods: A systematic review of Scopus, MEDLINE, EMBASE, CENTRAL, CINAHL, and SPORTDiscus up to December 2017 was conducted. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and prospective cohort studies of prenatal aerobic exercise and/or resistance training reporting eligible offspring outcomes were included. Four reviewers independently identified eligible citations and extracted study-level data. The primary outcome was birth weight; secondary outcomes, specified a priori, included large-for-gestational age status, fat and lean mass, dyslipidemia, dysglycemia, and blood pressure. We included 73 of the 9804 citations initially identified. Data from RCTs was pooled using random effects models. Statistical heterogeneity was quantified using the I-2 test. Analyses were done between June and December 2017 and the search was updated in December 2017. Results: Fifteen observational studies (n = 290,951 children) and 39 RCTs (n = 6875 children) were included. Observational studies were highly heterogeneous and had discrepant conclusions, but globally showed no clinically relevant effect of exercise on offspring outcomes. Meta-analyzed RCTs indicated that prenatal exercise did not significantly impact birth weight (mean difference [MD] - 22.1 g, 95% confidence interval [CI] - 51.5 to 73 g, n = 6766) or large-for-gestational age status (risk ratio 0.85, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.44, n = 937) compared to no exercise. Sub-group analyses showed that prenatal exercise reduced birth weight according to timing (starting after 20 weeks of gestation, MD - 84.3 g, 95% CI - 142.2, - 26.4 g, n = 1124), type of exercise (aerobic only, MD - 58.7 g, 95% CI - 109.7, - 7.8 g; n = 2058), pre-pregnancy activity status (previously inactive, MD - 34.8 g, 95% CI - 69.0, - 0.5 g; n = 2829), and exercise intensity (light to moderate intensity only, MD - 45.5 g, 95% CI - 82.4, - 8.6 g; n = 2651). Fat mass percentage at birth was not altered by prenatal exercise (0.19%, 95% CI - 0.27, 0.65%; n = 130); however, only two studies reported this outcome. Other outcomes were too scarcely reported to be meta-analyzed. Conclusions: Prenatal exercise does not causally impact birth weight, fat mass, or large-for-gestational-age status in a clinically relevant way. Longer follow up of offspring exposed to prenatal exercise is needed along with measures of relevant metabolic variables (e.g., fat and lean mass).
Clinical Measures of Physical Fitness Predict Insulin Resistance in People at Risk for Diabetes; Background and Purpose. Physical inactivity has bee well documented as a risk factor for type 2 diabetes. Previous studies measured the level of physical activity either with questionnaires or with direct measurements of maximum oxygen uptake. However, questionnaires are patient-report measures, and methods for obtaining direct maximum oxygen uptake measurements often are not available clinically. The purpose of this study was to investigate whether clinical measurement of health-related physical fitness with a simple test battery can predict insulin resistance, a precursor of type 2 diabetes, in people at risk for diabetes. Subjects and Methods. A total of 151 volunteers with at least one diabetes risk factor (overweight, hypertension, dyslipidemia, family history, impaired glucose tolerance. gestational diabetes, or delivering a baby weighing more than 4.0 kg) were recruited. Insulin resistance (as determined with the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance [HOMA-IR]), physical fitness (including body composition, as determined with the body mass index and waist circumference), muscle strength (handgrip strength [force-generating capacity]), muscle endurance (sit-up test), flexibility (sit-and-reach test), and cardiorespiratory endurance (step test) were measured; and a physical activity questionnaire was administered. Backward regression analysis was used to build the prediction models for insulin resistance from components of physical fitness and physical activity. Results. Body mass index, muscle strength, and cardiorespiratory fitness predicted HOMA-IR in men (adjusted R-2=.264). In women, age, waist circumference, and cardiorespiratory fitness were the predictors of HOMA-IR (adjusted R-2=.438). Discussion and Conclusion. Clinical measures of physical fitness can predict insulin resistance in people at risk for diabetes. The findings support the validity of clinical measures of physical fitness for predicting insulin resistance in people at risk for diabetes.
Obesity in Pregnancy; Obesity poses a significant maternal risk during pregnancy, after delivery, and for long-term health issues. Maternal obesity can also adversely affect outcomes for the fetus, neonate, and child. Evidence-based management of maternal obesity should be established before pregnancy and continued after delivery and over the course of a lifetime. This is a review of the factors associated with obesity in pregnancy and the management considerations for people with obesity who are considering getting pregnant, are pregnant, or have given birth. Epidemiology. Obesity is defined as a body mass index (BMI) of 30 kg/m(2) or higher. Although this threshold balances the sensitivity and specificity for identifying those at risk of disease from excess body fat, it does not take into consideration individual differences in frame size, lean body mass, and fat distribution patterns. Over the past 2 decades, the prevalence of obesity in the United States has increased among women 20 to 39 years of age from 29.8% in 2001-2002 to 39.7% in 2017-2018. Of those who had a live birth in 2020, 26.7% were overweight, and 29.5% were obese. Prepregnancy obesity disproportionately affects American Indian or Alaska Native (40%), non-Hispanic Black (39%), and Hispanic (32%) women versus non-Hispanic White (26%) or non-Hispanic Asian (10%) women. Antepartum Conditions. Compared with women of normal weight, those with obesity are more likely to experience irregular or absent ovulation, less likely to conceive per cycle, and more likely to experience subfertility or infertility. Obesity has also been associated with delayed conception, increased rate of miscarriage, and poorer outcomes from assisted reproductive technology treatments. Women with obesity are also 3 to 4 times more likely to have gestational diabetes, which increases the risk of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and cesarean delivery (CD). Gestational diabetes is more prevalent in Hispanic, non-Hispanic Black, Native American, Alaska Native, or Pacific Islander women than non-Hispanic White women. Up to 70% of women with obesity can expect to develop diabetes 22 to 28 years after pregnancy. A small, but significant, positive association also has been found between obesity and maternal depressive symptoms and anxiety before and after childbirth. Stigma is associated with obesity, which can lead to more depressive symptoms, poor eating behaviors, and stress. In addition, women with poor mental health often struggle with weight management. Fetal Conditions. Maternal obesity has been associated with an increased risk of structural anomalies, including a strong causal relationship for congenital heart defects and moderate causal relationship for neural tube defects. Meta-analyses have also shown positive, dose-response associations between maternal BMI and macrosomia and large for gestational age. Among women with obesity, the risk of stillbirth is as high as 2.1 times as that in women with normal weight, although other mechanisms may be involved in reported associations. Labor, Delivery, and Postpartum Conditions. Compared with women of normal weight, those with a BMI of >= 50 kg/m(2) have the highest risk of maternal morbidity during hospitalization (adjusted odds ratio [OR], 1.99; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.57-2.54). The association between maternal obesity and preterm birth is unclear, but a recent meta-analysis found a significant overall pooled OR of 1.17 (95% CI, 1.13-1.21). Although the association between obesity and preterm birth is of higher magnitude at earlier gestational ages, a dose-response effect with BMI has not been established. In addition, a study has shown that women with obesity have higher rates of labor induction, oxytocin augmentation, failure of labor to progress, and instrumental delivery than those with normal weight. There is also a higher risk of postterm birth with increasing BMI in women with BMI >= 50 kg/m(2) (OR, 1.75; 95% CI, 1.50-2.04). Women with obesity are at higher risk for CD and associated complications, such as anesthesia-related complications, wound complications, excessive blood loss, venous thrombosis, postpartum endometritis, and failure of vaginal birth after CD. A meta-analysis also found that women in labor, who are obese, are more likely to experience wound, urinary tract, perineum, or chest or breast infections (pooled OR, 3.34; 95% CI, 2.74-4.06). The risk of venous thromboembolism is 4 times as high in women with obesity who are in labor, but there is a less strong association with BMI at delivery. Management Considerations. Preferably before conception, but certainly during the antepartum period, health care providers should inform women about the risks of obesity and the benefits of weight loss before pregnancy and in the long term. Counseling should include recommendations to adopt healthy eating and exercise habits, as well as discussions around actual and appropriate ranges of weight gain. Obese patients should also be screened for high blood pressure, proteinuria, depression, and obstructive sleep apnea, as well as pregestational type 2 diabetes mellitus at the initial prenatal visit with a follow-up glucose challenge test if the initial test is normal. For women with BMI >= 35 kg/m(2), daily intake of aspirin (75 mg) is recommended from 12 weeks' gestation until birth to reduce the risk of preeclampsia. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommends weekly antenatal surveillance for fetal well-being, starting at 34 weeks of gestation for women with a prepregnancy BMI >= 40 kg/m(2) and by 37 weeks for women with a prepregnancy BMI of 35 to 39 kg/m(2). During labor and delivery, additional staff and equipment may be needed, depending on the patient's weight. Vaginal birth should be encouraged, and a history of bariatric surgery should not be an indication for CD. For women with obesity undergoing CD, some experts recommend increasing the preoperative dose of cefazolin, although there is mixed evidence on its clinical benefit. Some trials have assessed broadening or extending antibiotic coverage for women undergoing CD, such as adding azithromycin to standard antibiotic prophylaxis to reduce the risk of postoperative infection or a prophylactic 48-hour course of oral cephalexin and metronidazole postoperatively to reduce surgical site infections. Neuraxial anesthetic techniques should be used preferentially in patients with obesity. Mechanical thromboprophylaxis with pneumatic compression before and after CD is recommended. Weight-based dosing of pharmacologic options for thromboprophylaxis is considered more effective than BMI-stratified dosage after CD in women with class III obesity. During postpartum care, women with obesity may need early breast-feeding support. Counseling should include information about the risks associated with obesity for women and infant along with recommendations for postpartum weight loss. Management of Obesity and Gestational Weight Gain. Both environmental and genetic factors play a role in positive weight balance and weight gain over time. Early obesity management can minimize weight gain during pregnancy and reduce the prevalence of gestational diabetes. Studies show that when prenatal health care providers make these lifestyle recommendations, they are more successful. One study found that women who underwent motivational interviewing monthly for 7 to 8 months had greater weight loss by 2 kg than a control group receiving only emotional support. However, these interventions often fail when people revert to previous eating and exercise habits after intensive management, suggesting that management of obesity requires a long-term approach. To alleviate stigma and bias, which can affect the quality of care and health of women with obesity before and after pregnancy, a recent study suggests improving provider awareness of bias by using terminology such as weight and BMI versus large size and obese. In conclusion, obesity is a common health problem among women of reproductive age and a chronic disease requiring long-term management. Although women with obesity have a low absolute risk of severe adverse maternal, fetal, and newborn outcomes, establishing healthy-eating and exercise behaviors before or early in pregnancy can minimize excessive gestational weight gain and mitigate pregnancy-related and long-term complications for mothers and their offspring.
Evaluation of the efficacy of two doses of vitamin D supplementation on glycemic, lipidemic and oxidative stress biomarkers during pregnancy: a randomized clinical trial; Background: Vitamin D deficiency during pregnancy is common and is likely to be associated with metabolic complications in the mother. The aim of this study was to assess the efficacy of two doses of vitamin D supplementation during pregnancy on maternal and cord blood vitamin D status and metabolic and oxidative stress biomarkers. Methods: The eligible pregnant women (n = 84) invited to participate in the study and randomly allocated to one of the two supplementation groups (1000 IU/d vitamin D and 2000 IU/d). Biochemical assessments of mothers including serum concentrations of 25(OH)D, calcium, phosphate, iPTH, fasting serum sugar (FBS), insulin, triglyceride, total cholesterol, LDL-C, HDL-C, malondialdehyde (MDA) and total antioxidant capacity (TAC) were done at the beginning and 34 weeks of gestation. Cord blood serum concentrations of 25(OH)D, iPTH, MDA and TAC were assessed at delivery as well. To determine the effects of vitamin D supplementation on metabolic markers 1-factor repeated-measures analysis of variance (ANOVA) was used. Between groups comparisons was done by using Independent-samples Student'st-test or Mann-Whitney test.P < 0.05 was considered as significant. Results: Supplementation with 1000 IU/d and 2000 IU/d vitamin D resulted in significant changes in vitamin D status over pregnancy (24.01 +/- 21.7,P < 0.001 in 1000 IU/d group and 46.7 +/- 30.6 nmol/L,P < 0.001 in 2000 IU/d group). Daily intake of 2000 compared with 1000 IU/d tended to increase the serum concentration of HDL-C (10 +/- 8.37,P < 0.001 in 1000 IU/d group and 9.52 +/- 11.39 mg/dL,P < 0.001 in 2000 IU/d group). A significant decrement in serum concentration of iPTH observed in both groups (- 4.18 +/- 7.5,P = 0.002 in 1000 IU/d group and - 8.36 +/- 14.17,P = 0.002 in 2000 IU/d group). Conclusions: Supplementation with 2000 IU/d vitamin D as compared with 1000 IU/d, is more effective in promoting vitamin D status and HDL-C serum concentration and in decreasing iPTH over pregnancy.
Estradiol-driven metabolism in transwomen associates with reduced circulating extracellular vesicle microRNA-224/452; Endocrinology Objective: Sex steroid hormones like estrogens have a key role in the regulation of energy homeostasis and metabolism. In transwomen, gender-affirming hormone therapy like estradiol (in combination with antiandrogenic compounds) could affect metabolism as well. Given that the underlying pathophysiological mechanisms are not fully understood, this study assessed circulating estradiol-driven microRNAs (miRs) in transwomen and their regulation of genes involved in metabolism in mice. Methods: Following plasma miR-sequencing (seq) in a transwomen discovery (n = 20) and validation cohort (n = 30), we identified miR-224 and miR-452. Subsequent systemic silencing of these miRs in male C57Bl/6 J mice (n = 10) was followed by RNA-seq-based gene expression analysis of brown and white adipose tissue in conjunction with mechanistic studies in cultured adipocytes. Results: Estradiol in transwomen lowered plasma miR-224 and-452 carried in extracellular vesicles (EVs) while their systemic silencing in mice and cultured adipocytes increased lipogenesis (white adipose) but reduced glucose uptake and mitochondrial respiration (brown adipose). In white and brown adipose tissue, differentially expressed (miR target) genes are associated with lipogenesis (white adipose) and mitochondrial respiration and glucose uptake (brown adipose). Conclusion: This study identified an estradiol-drive post-transcriptional network that could potentially offer a mechanistic understanding of metabolism following gender-affirming estradiol therapy.
The Dietary Inflammatory Index as a predictor of pregnancy outcomes: Systematic review and meta-analysis; Unhealthy diets have been linked to low-grade chronic inflammation, a condition known to play a role in the pathophysiology of non-communicable diseases as well as pregnancy complications. The Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII) is a tool for evaluating the inflammatory potential of various diets. The goal of this systematic review and meta-analysis is to assess the current state of evidence on the use of DII as a predictor of pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women. This study was developed according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PROSPERO, number CRD42021288966). DII was evaluated as a predictor of obstetric complications in observational studies. The search was conducted in PubMed/Medline, Embase, and Web of Science. Data from eligible studies were extracted independently by two reviewers. The Newcastle-Ottawa Scale was used to assess the methodological quality of the studies. A total of eight studies were eligible for the review. In a meta-analysis of continuous and categorical variables, DII was a predictor of any obstetric complications [mean difference: 0.39, 95 %CI 0.02-0.75, (p = 0.04); and odds ratio: 1.24, 95 %CI 1.11-1.40, (p = 0.0002)]. High DII was associated with pregnancy complications, particularly preeclampsia/hypertensive disorder of pregnancy and preterm birth. The DII is a tool that can assist in the food and therapeutic planning of pregnant women with obstetric risks. Well-designed clinical trials are necessary, especially studies that focus on recurrent pregnancy losses and implantation failures.
Growth trajector ies dur ing infancy have a significant impact on body composition in childhood; Evidence supports that growth trajectory during infancy has a major impact on body composition. We aimed to examine body composition in children born small for gestational age (SGA) or appropriate for gestational age (AGA) adjusted for postnatal growth velocity. We enrolled 365 children, 75 SGA and 290 AGA, aged 7 to 10 years, examining anthropometrics, skinfold thickness, and body composition using bioelectrical impedance analysis. Growth velocity was defined as rapid or slow (weight gain > or < 0.67 z-scores, respectively). Gestational age, sex, delivery mode, gestational diabetes, hypertension, nutrition, exercise, parental body mass index (BMI), and socioeconomic status were considered. At a mean of 9 years of age, SGA compared with AGA-born children, had significantly lower lean mass. BMI was negatively associated with SGA status (beta = 0.80, P = .046), after adjusting for birth weight, delivery mode, and breastfeeding. The lean mass index was negatively associated with SGA status (beta = 0.39, P = .018), after adjusting for the same factors. SGA-born participants with slow growth velocity had significantly lower lean mass in comparison to AGAborn counterparts. SGA-born children with rapid compared with those with slow growth velocity had significantly higher absolute fat mass. BMI was negatively associated with a slow postnatal growth pattern (beta = 0.59, P = .023), and the lean mass index was negatively associated with a slow postnatal growth pattern (beta = 0.78, P = .006), after adjusting for the same factors. In conclusion, SGA-born children presented a lower lean mass in comparison to AGA-born counterparts, whereas BMI and lean mass index were negatively associated with slow postnatal growth velocity.& COPY; 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Gestational and pregestational diabetes in pregnant women with cystic fibrosis; As cystic fibrosis transmembrane regulator (CFTR) modulator therapies offer greater longevity and improved health quality, women living with cystic fibrosis (CF) are increasingly pursuing pregnancy. Maternal risks for pregnant women with CF largely depend on a woman's baseline pulmonary and pancreatic function, and the majority of CF pregnancies will successfully end in live births. Diabetes, either gestational or pre-existing cystic fibrosis-related diabetes (CFRD), is highly prevalent in women with CF, affecting 18 to 62% of pregnancies in recent CF center reports. In addition to the rising incidence of CFRD with age, gestational diabetes is also more common in women with CF due to lower insulin secretion, higher insulin resistance, and increased hepatic glucose production as compared to pregnant women without CF. Diabetes occurring during pregnancy has important implications for maternal and fetal health. It is well established in women without CF that glycemic control is directly associated with risks of fetal malformation, neonatal-perinatal mortality, cesarean delivery and need for neonatal intensive care. Small studies in women with CF suggest that pregnancies affected by diabetes have an increased risk of preterm delivery, lower gestational age, and lower fetal birth weight compared to those without diabetes. Women with CF preparing for pregnancy should be counseled on the risks of diabetes and should undergo routine screening for CFRD with oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT) if not already completed in the past six months. Glycemic control in those with pre-gestational CFRD should be optimized prior to conception. Insulin is preferred for the management of diabetes in pregnant women with CF via multiple daily injections or insulin pump therapy, and continuous glucose monitors (CGM) can be useful in mitigating hypoglycemia risks. Women with CF face many unique challenges impacting diabetes care during pregnancy and would benefit from support by a multidisciplinary care team, including nutrition and endocrinology, to ensure healthy pregnancies.
Glucose-lowering drugs with cardiovascular benefits as modifiers of critical elements of the human life history; The life history theory assumes that all organisms are under selective pressure to harvest external resources and allocate them to maximise fitness: only organisms making the best use of energy obtain the greatest fitness benefits. The trade-off of energy spans four functions: maintenance, growth, reproduction, and defence against pathogens. The innovative antihyperglycaemic agents glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) receptor agonists and sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitors decrease bodyweight and have the potential to counter low-grade inflammation. These key activities could rewire two components of the life history theory operative in adulthood-ie, maintenance and defence. In this Personal View, we postulate that the benefits of these medications on the cardiovascular system, beyond their glucose-lowering effects, could be mediated by the reduction of the maintenance cost driven by obesity and efforts spent on blunting low-grade inflammation.
Effects of prenatal exercise on incidence of congenital anomalies and hyperthermia: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective To investigate the relationships between exercise and incidence of congenital anomalies and hyperthermia. Design Systematic review with random-effects meta-analysis. Data sources Online databases were searched from inception up to 6 January 2017. Study eligibility criteria Studies of all designs were eligible (except case studies and reviews) if they were published in English, Spanish or French, and contained information on population (pregnant women without contraindication to exercise), intervention (subjective or objective measures of frequency, intensity, duration, volume or type of exercise, alone ["exercise-only"] or in combination with other intervention components [e.g., dietary; "exercise + co-intervention"]), comparator (no exercise or different frequency, intensity, duration, volume or type of exercise) and outcome (maternal temperature and fetal anomalies). Results This systematic review and meta-analysis included 'very low' quality evidence from 14 studies (n=78 735) reporting on prenatal exercise and the odds of congenital anomalies, and 'very low' to 'low' quality evidence from 15 studies (n=447) reporting on maternal temperature response to prenatal exercise. Prenatal exercise did not increase the odds of congenital anomalies (OR 1.23, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.95, I-2=0%). A small but significant increase in maternal temperature was observed from pre-exercise to both during and immediately after exercise (during: 0.26 degrees C, 95% CI 0.12 to 0.40, I-2=70%; following: 0.24 degrees C, 95% CI 0.17 to 0.31, I-2=47%). Summary/Conclusions These data suggest that moderate-to-vigorous prenatal exercise does not induce hyperthermia or increase the odds of congenital anomalies. However, exercise responses were investigated in most studies after 12 weeks' gestation when the risk of de novo congenital anomalies is negligible.
Miscoding, misclassification and misdiagnosis of diabetes in primary care; Aims To determine the effectiveness of self-audit tools designed to detect miscoding, misclassification and misdiagnosis of diabetes in primary care. Methods We developed six searches to identify people with diabetes with potential classification errors. The search results were automatically ranked from most to least likely to have an underlying problem. Eight practices with a combined population of 72 000 and diabetes prevalence 2.9% (n = 2340) completed audit forms to verify whether additional information within the patients medical record confirmed or refuted the problems identified. Results The searches identified 347 records, mean 42 per practice. Pre-audit 20% (n = 69) had Type 1 diabetes, 70% (n = 241) had Type 2 diabetes, 9% (n = 30) had vague codes that were hard to classify, 2% (n = 6) were not coded and one person was labelled as having gestational diabetes. Of records, 39.2% (n = 136) had important errors: 10% (n = 35) had coding errors; 12.1% (42) were misclassified; and 17.0% (59) misdiagnosed as having diabetes. Thirty-two per cent (n = 22) of people with Type 2 diabetes (n = 69) were misclassified as having Type 1 diabetes; 20% (n = 48) of people with Type 2 diabetes (n = 241) did not have diabetes; of the 30 patients with vague diagnostic terms, 50% had Type 2 diabetes, 20% had Type 1 diabetes and 20% did not have diabetes. Examples of misdiagnosis were found in all practices, misclassification in seven and miscoding in six. Conclusions Volunteer practices successfully used these self-audit tools. Approximately 40% of patients identified by computer searches (5.8% of people with diabetes) had errors; misdiagnosis is commonest, misclassification may affect treatment options and miscoding in omission from disease registers and the potential for reduced quality of care.
HbA<sub>1c</sub> levels in non-diabetic Dutch children aged 8-9 years: the PIAMA birth cohort study; Glycated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)) is considered the best index of glycaemic control in established diabetes. It may also be useful in the diagnosis of diabetes and as a screening tool. Little is known about the distribution of HbA(1c) in healthy children and its predictors. The aim of this study is to describe the distribution of HbA(1c) in non-diabetic Dutch children aged 8-9 years and to investigate potential associations of HbA(1c) in this group. HbA(1c) was measured in 788 non-diabetic children aged 8-9 years participating in the PIAMA birth cohort study. Data on parents and children were collected prospectively by questionnaires. Weight, height and waist and hip circumference of the children were measured when blood samples were taken. Mean (sd) HbA(1c) was 4.9 +/- 0.33%, range 3.5-6.0%. HbA(1c) was significantly higher in boys (4.9 +/- 0.31 vs. 4.9 +/- 0.33%) and in children of mothers with gestational diabetes (5.0 +/- 0.37 vs. 4.9 +/- 0.32%). We found a significant inverse association between HbA(1c) and haemoglobin (regression coefficient: -0.169 (95% CI -0.221 to -0.118), P < 0.001). HbA(1c) was not significantly associated with age, body mass index, waist circumference, parental diabetes or maternal body mass index. We found no significant relation between known risk factors for Type 2 diabetes and HbA(1c) at age 8-9 years. Moreover, there was a significant inverse association between haemoglobin and HbA(1c). These results suggest that HbA(1c) may not only reflect the preceding blood glucose levels, but seems to be determined by other factors as well. Diabet. Med. 26, 122-127 (2009).
Maternal serum cholesterol levels are elevated from the 1st trimester of pregnancy: A cross-sectional study; Cholesterol is monitored in the non-pregnant adult population, where normal values are established. Although reported to be elevated in pregnancy, cholesterol is neither routinely measured nor treated. We aimed to investigate cholesterol levels throughout pregnancy and to establish reference values for cholesterol in healthy pregnant women. This was a cross-sectional analysis of serum cholesterol in healthy women with an uncomplicated singleton pregnancy. Pregnant women attending for antenatal care were recruited and cholesterol levels assayed at 12, 20, 28 and 36 weeks' gestation and on day 1-3 postpartum. A total of 222 women were recruited. The majority (95%) were white Irish, with a median age of 31 years (range 16-46). Median BMI was 25.9 kg/m(2) (range 18-40) and 16% were smokers. Cholesterol levels were elevated in all trimesters of pregnancy, with median values from 1st trimester raised outside the non-pregnant adult range. High-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels ranged from 0.9 to 3.7 mmol/l and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) levels ranged from 1.3 to 6.1 mmol/l. Fasting, smoking and obesity did not have any significant effects on results. Total and LDL-cholesterol levels were raised throughout pregnancy. Levels were above non-pregnant adult ranges as early as the 1st trimester. The implications of this on fetus and mother are undetermined and deserve further investigation.
Adverse Perinatal Outcomes and Postpartum Multi-Systemic Dysregulation: Adding Vitamin D Deficiency to the Allostatic Load Index; Background Allostatic load (AL) is an index of multi-system physiological "wear-and-tear," operationalizing emergent chronic disease risk and predicting morbidity and mortality. AL has been proposed as an organizing framework for studying pregnancy outcomes and additional AL biomarkers for the study of maternal health would be valuable. Objectives To test whether adverse perinatal outcomes are associated with postpartum AL and if including vitamin D deficiency (serum 25(OH)D < 20 ng/ml) as an additional marker of postpartum AL increases the association. Methods The Community Child Health Network is a community-based participatory research network that enrolled women at birth and followed them for 2 years measuring ten biomarkers (body mass index, waist: hip ratio, pulse, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, cortisol slope, c-reactive protein, hgbA1c, HDL, and total cholesterol) at 6 and 12 months postpartum. A composite of four adverse perinatal outcomes (low birth weight, preterm birth, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes) was collected from medical charts in a sample of 164 women from one site and serum 25(OH)D status was measured 24-39 weeks postpartum in this cohort. Results Twenty-nine percent experienced one or more of the four adverse perinatal outcomes. Serum 25(OH)D was significantly inversely correlated with the AL index (Spearman's r = -0.247, p = 0.002). Logistic regression results adjusting for maternal age and race showed that adverse outcome was significantly associated with higher postpartum AL (OR 1.53 for a 1-unit increase in AL, 95% CI 1.24-1.89). Adding 25(OH)D deficiency as an 11th component to the AL index improved the model fit (Delta (-2LogL) = 3.955, p = 0.047), and improved the Akaike information criterion (180.32 vs. 184.27). Conclusion Women with adverse perinatal outcomes have higher postpartum AL and adding vitamin D deficiency to the AL index strengthens this association.
Discordance between lipid markers used for predicting cardiovascular risk in patients with type 2 diabetes; Aims: Non-high density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) is gaining importance over low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) as cardiovascular risk marker in patients with type 2 diabetes. It represents the overall lipid burden and is a surrogate marker for the apolipoprotein B. We studied the discordance between the old (LDL-C) and the new (non-HDL-C) lipid markers in a large group of diabetes patients. Methods: The lipid profile data of all diabetes (T2DM, aged 18-75, using oral or injectable anti diabetic agents) patients was analyzed in this study. We excluded patients with type1 diabetes, secondary forms of diabetes and gestational diabetes. Elevated lipid parameters (LDL > 100 mg/dL and non HDL-C > 130 mg/dL) were defined as per the guidelines of Adult Treatment Panel III. Results: The study participants (409 M:360 F) had a mean age of 47.3 +/- 12.4 years, BMI of 28.4 +/- 5.6 kg/m(2) and an A1c of 8.8 +/- 2.2%. Elevated LDL-C was observed in 383 patients (49.8%) and elevated non HDL-C in 418 (54.4%) patients. Of the 383 patients with elevated LDL-C, 346 (90.3%) had corresponding elevated levels of non-HDL-C and out of 418 patients with elevated non HDL-C, 346 (83%) had elevated LDL-C. Discordance between the elevated LDL-C and non-HDL-C values were greater among patients with low triglyceride levels when compared with those with high triglycerides (Pearson's chi(2) test = 67.7; P < 0.001). Conclusion: Our data suggest a significant discordance between the LDL-C and non-HDL-C in patients with diabetes. This discordance leads to the residual cardiovascular risk in diabetes patients. (C) 2015 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Adipocytokines: Are they the Theory of Everything?; Introduction: Adipose tissue secretes various bioactive peptides/proteins, immune molecules and inflammatory mediators which are known as adipokines or adipocytokines. Adipokines play important roles in the maintenance of energy homeostasis, appetite, glucose and lipid metabolism, insulin sensitivity, angiogenesis, immunity and inflammation. Enormous number of studies from all over the world proved that adipocytokines are involved in the pathogenesis of diseases affecting nearly all body systems, which raises the question whether we can always blame adipocytokines as the triggering factor of every disease that may hit the body. Objective: Our review targeted the role played by adipocytokines in the pathogenesis of different diseases affecting different body systems including diabetes mellitus, kidney diseases, gynecological diseases, rheumatologic disorders, cancers, Alzheimer's, depression, muscle disorders, liver diseases, cardiovascular and lung diseases. Methodology: We cited more than 33 recent literature reviews that discussed the role played by adipocytokines in the pathogenesis of different diseases affecting different body systems. Conclusion: More evidence is being discovered to date about the role played by adipocytokines in more diseases and extra research is needed to explore hidden roles played by adipokine imbalance on disease pathogenesis.
Child rearing or childbearing? Risk of cardiovascular diseases associated to parity and number of children; BackgroundAn increased risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) has been associated with women's parity, but whether or not this association reflects a direct pregnancy effect, or exposure to factors related to childrearing, still appears unclear. We assessed the CVD risk associated with number of children separately by gender and tested effect modification by socioeconomic position (SEP) and employment status, in order to elucidate the possible mechanisms underlying this association.MethodsThe study population was composed of 20,904 men and 25,246 women who were interviewed in one of two National Health Surveys conducted in 2000 and 2005 in Italy. These subjects were followed for CVD incidence up to 2014 through record-linkage with national archives of mortality and hospitalisations. CVD risk was estimated by Cox regression models that were adjusted for socio-demographics, perceived health, lifestyles, biological CVD risk factors and for other potential confounders.ResultsCVD incidence was significantly increased among men with 3 or more children (HR = 1.26, 95% CI: 1.02-1.56) and among women with 2 and with 3 or more children (HR = 1.42, 95% CI: 1.10-1.83; and HR = 1.39, 95% CI: 1.03-1.87, respectively) compared to subjects without children and no significant gender differences were observed. Subjects with lower SEP displayed stronger associations with parity and a higher number of children for both genders; by contrast, no modifying effect of employment status was observed.ConclusionsTaken together, the significant association between higher parity and CVD risk in both genders, and the higher risk of CVD associated with higher parity among lower SEP parents, suggests that childrearing has a potential effect on the development of CVD that is more pronounced among disadvantaged families, although a concurrent effect of childbearing cannot be completely excluded.
Prenatal exercise is not associated with fetal mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective To perform a systematic review of the relationship between prenatal exercise and fetal or newborn death. Design Systematic review with random-effects meta-analysis and meta-regression. Data sources Online databases were searched up to 6 January 2017. Study eligibility criteria Studies of all designs were included (except case studies) if they were published in English, Spanish or French and contained information on the population (pregnant women without contraindication to exercise), intervention (subjective or objective measures of frequency, intensity, duration, volume or type of exercise, alone ["exercise-only"] or in combination with other intervention components [eg, dietary; "exercise + co-intervention"]), comparator (no exercise or different frequency, intensity, duration, volume and type of exercise) and outcome (miscarriage or perinatal mortality). Results Forty-six studies (n=2 66 778) were included. There was 'very low' quality evidence suggesting no increased odds of miscarriage (23 studies, n=7125 women; OR 0.88, 95% CI 0.63 to 1.21, I-2=0%) or perinatal mortality (13 studies, n=6837 women, OR 0.86, 95% CI 0.49 to 1.52, I-2=0%) in pregnant women who exercised compared with those who did not. Stratification by subgroups did not affect odds of miscarriage or perinatal mortality. The meta-regressions identified no associations between volume, intensity or frequency of exercise and fetal or newborn death. As the majority of included studies examined the impact of moderate intensity exercise to a maximum duration of 60 min, we cannot comment on the effect of longer periods of exercise. Summary/conclusions Although the evidence in this field is of 'very low' quality, it suggests that prenatal exercise is not associated with increased odds of miscarriage or perinatal mortality. In plain terms, this suggests that generally speaking exercise is 'safe' with respect to miscarriage and perinatal mortality.
Pre-pregnant body mass index, gestational weight gain and the risk of operative delivery; Objective To estimate the risk of operative delivery according to maternal pre-pregnant body mass index (BMI) and gestational weight gain. Design Population-based pregnancy cohort study. Setting The Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study. Sample Term singleton deliveries in cephalic presentation, excluding preeclampsia, chronic hypertension, diabetes, gestational diabetes and placenta previa (n=50416). Methods Relative risks (RR) were obtained using general linear models. Main outcome measures RR of operative vaginal delivery and cesarean section. Results Overweight and obese women had an increased risk of cesarean section, strongest for women with a pre-pregnancy BMI >40 (RR: 3.4, 95% confidence interval (CI): 2.8-4.1). There was also an increased risk of vacuum extraction delivery for women with a pre-pregnancy BMI >40 (RR: 1.5, 95% CI: 1.04-2.2). Women with a gestational weight gain of 16kg had a significantly increased risk of forceps, vacuum extraction and cesarean section (RR: 1.2, 95% CI: 1.03-1.4, RR: 1.2, 95% CI: 1.1-1.23 and RR: 1.3, 95% CI: 1.26-1.4, respectively). Weight gain during pregnancy was significantly lower in obese women, but the children tended to be larger. Conclusions Obese women have an increased risk of operative delivery with vacuum extraction and cesarean section. Independently of pre-pregnancy BMI, we found an increased risk of operative intervention during delivery for women with gestational weight gain above 16kg.
Changes in biochemical tests in pregnancy and their clinical significance; Interpretation of laboratory investigations relies on reference intervals. Physiological changes in pregnancy may result in significant changes in normal values for many biochemical assays, and as such results may be misinterpreted as abnormal or mask a pathological state. The aims of this review are as follows: 1. To review the major physiological changes in biochemical tests in normal pregnancy. 2. To outline where these physiological changes are important in interpreting laboratory investigations in pregnancy. 3. To document the most common causes of abnormalities in biochemical tests in pregnancy, as well as important pregnancy-specific causes.
Sex Dimorphism in the Relation between Early Adiposity and Cardiometabolic Risk in Adolescents; Context: Birth weight and childhood adiposity are associated with subsequent cardiovascular risk. Objective: We investigated the associations between metabolic clusters in young adults with body fat distribution from early childhood, focusing on sex differences. Design, Setting, and Patients: A total of 1053 17 yr olds from an Australian birth cohort had measures of anthropometry, blood pressure, and fasting insulin, glucose, and lipids. Main Outcome Measures: Two-step cluster analysis identified 17 yr olds at high metabolic risk. The two risk groups were compared by sex with regard to birth weight and serial anthropometry, including skinfold thickness from nine time-points. Results: The "high-risk" metabolic cluster at age 17 yr included 16% of males and 19% of females. Compared to the "low-risk" group, the high-risk cluster participants had greater waist circumference, triglycerides, insulin, and systolic blood pressure and lower high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (all P <0.0001). There was a significant birth weight by sex interaction upon the metabolic cluster outcome (P = 0.011). Compared to their low-risk counterparts, females in the high-risk cluster at 17 yr were heavier from birth (odds ratio, 1.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.0, 3.2) (P = 0.034), with consistently higher body mass index and skinfold thickness thereafter. In contrast, there was no statistical difference in birth weight between high- and low-risk males (odds ratio, 0.62; 95% confidence interval, 0.38, 1.02). Conclusions: These data show sexual dimorphism in effects of early life body mass index and fat distribution upon cardiometabolic risk factors. Females in a contemporary population are particularly prone to increased risk when born heavier. This has implications for targeted prevention of obesity and metabolic diseases with increasing maternal obesity and gestational diabetes. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 97: E1014-E1022, 2012)
Supporting self-management in women with pre-existing diabetes in pregnancy: a mixed-methods sequential comparative case study; IntroductionMaternal glycemia is associated with pregnancy outcomes. Thus, supporting the self-management experiences and preferences of pregnant women with type 1 and type 2 diabetes is crucial to optimize glucose control and perinatal outcomes.Research design and methodsThis paper describes the mixed methods integration of a sequential comparative case study. The objectives are threefold, as we integrated the quantitative and qualitative data within the overall mixed methods design: (1) to determine the predictors of glycemic control during pregnancy; (2) to understand the experience and diabetes self-management support needs during pregnancy among women with pre-existing diabetes; (3) to assess how self-management and support experiences helpe to explain glycemic control among women with pre-existing diabetes in pregnancy. The purpose of the mixing was to integrate the quantitative and qualitative data to develop rich descriptive cases of how diabetes self-management and support experiences and preferences in women with type 1 and type 2 diabetes during pregnancy help explain glucose control. A narrative approach was used to weave together the statistics and themes and the quantitative results were integrated visually alongside the qualitative themes to display the data integration.ResultsThe quantitative results found that women achieved "at target" glucose control (mean A1C of the cohort by the third visit: 6.36% [95% Confidence Interval 6.11%, 6.60%]). The qualitative findings revealed that feelings of fear resulted in an isolating and mentally exhausting pregnancy. The quantitative data also indicated that women reported high levels of self-efficacy that increased throughout pregnancy. Qualitative data revealed that women who had worked hard to optimize glycemia during pregnancy were confident in their self-management. However, they lacked support from their healthcare team, particularly around self-management of diabetes during labour and delivery.ConclusionsThe achievement of optimal glycemia during pregnancy was motivated by fear of pregnancy complications and came at a cost to women's mental health. Mental health support, allowing women autonomy, and the provision of peer support may improve the experience of diabetes self-management during pregnancy. Future work should focus on developing, evaluating and implementing interventions that support these preferences.
Metformin for diabetes prevention: update of the evidence base; We have conducted a narrative review based on a structured search strategy, focusing on the effects of metformin on the progression of non-diabetic hyperglycemia to clinical type 2 diabetes mellitus. The principal trials that demonstrated a significantly lower incidence of diabetes in at-risk populations randomized to metformin (mostly with impaired glucose tolerance [IGT]) were published mainly from 1999 to 2012. Metformin reduced the 3-year risk of diabetes by -31% in the randomized phase of the Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP), vs. -58% for intensive lifestyle intervention (ILI). Metformin was most effective in younger, heavier subjects. Diminishing but still significant reductions in diabetes risk for subjects originally randomized to these groups were present in the trial's epidemiological follow-up, the DPP Outcomes Study (DPPOS) at 10 years (-18 and -34%, respectively), 15 years (-18 and -27%), and 22 years (-18 and -25%). Long-term weight loss was also seen in both groups, with better maintenance under metformin. Subgroup analyses from the DPP/DPPOS have shed important light on the actions of metformin, including a greater effect in women with prior gestational diabetes, and a reduction in coronary artery calcium in men that might suggest a cardioprotective effect. Improvements in long-term clinical outcomes with metformin in people with non-diabetic hyperglycemia ("prediabetes") have yet to be demonstrated, but cardiovascular and microvascular benefits were seen for those in the DPPOS who did not vs. did develop diabetes. Multiple health economic analyses suggest that either metformin or ILI is cost-effective in a community setting. Long-term diabetes prevention with metformin is feasible and is supported in influential guidelines for selected groups of subjects. Future research will demonstrate whether intervention with metformin in people with non-diabetic hyperglycemia will improve long-term clinical outcomes.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and the risk of chronic kidney disease: A Swedish registry-based cohort study; Background Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (preeclampsia, gestational hypertension) are associated with an increased risk of end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). Evidence for associations between HDP and chronic kidney disease (CKD) is more limited and inconsistent. The underlying causes of CKD are wide-ranging, and HDP may have differential associations with various aetiologies of CKD. We aimed to measure associations between HDP and maternal CKD in women who have had at least one live birth and to identify whether the risk differs by CKD aetiology. Methods and findings Using data from the Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR), singleton live births from 1973 to 2012 were identified and linked to data from the Swedish Renal Register (SRR) and National Patient Register (NPR; up to 2013). Preeclampsia was the main exposure of interest and was treated as a time-dependent variable. Gestational hypertension was also investigated as a secondary exposure. The primary outcome was maternal CKD, and this was classified into 5 subtypes: hypertensive, diabetic, glomerular/proteinuric, tubulointerstitial, and other/nonspecific CKD. Cox proportional hazard regression models were used, adjusting for maternal age, country of origin, education level, antenatal BMI, smoking during pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and parity. Women with pre-pregnancy comorbidities were excluded. The final sample consisted of 1,924,409 women who had 3,726,554 singleton live births. The mean (+/- SD) age of women at first delivery was 27.0 (+/- 5.1) years. Median follow-up was 20.7 (interquartile range [IQR] 9.9-30.0) years. A total of 90,917 women (4.7%) were diagnosed with preeclampsia, 43,964 (2.3%) had gestational hypertension, and 18,477 (0.9%) developed CKD. Preeclampsia was associated with a higher risk of developing CKD during follow-up (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 1.92, 95% CI 1.83-2.03,p< 0.001). This risk differed by CKD subtype and was higher for hypertensive CKD (aHR 3.72, 95% CI 3.05-4.53,p< 0.001), diabetic CKD (aHR 3.94, 95% CI 3.38-4.60,p< 0.001), and glomerular/proteinuric CKD (aHR 2.06, 95% CI 1.88-2.26,p< 0.001). More modest associations were observed between preeclampsia and tubulointerstitial CKD (aHR 1.44, 95% CI 1.24-1.68,p< 0.001) or other/nonspecific CKD (aHR 1.51, 95% CI 1.38-1.65,p< 0.001). The risk of CKD was increased after preterm preeclampsia, recurrent preeclampsia, or preeclampsia complicated by pre-pregnancy obesity. Women who had gestational hypertension also had increased risk of developing CKD (aHR 1.49, 95% CI 1.38-1.61,p< 0.001). This association was strongest for hypertensive CKD (aHR 3.13, 95% CI 2.47-3.97,p< 0.001). Limitations of the study are the possibility that cases of CKD were underdiagnosed in the national registers, and some women may have been too young to have developed symptomatic CKD despite the long follow-up time. Underreporting of postpartum hypertension is also possible. Conclusions In this study, we found that HDP are associated with increased risk of maternal CKD, particularly hypertensive or diabetic forms of CKD. The risk is higher after preterm preeclampsia, recurrent preeclampsia, or preeclampsia complicated by pre-pregnancy obesity. Women who experience HDP may benefit from future systematic renal monitoring. Author summaryWhy was this study done? Preeclampsia is associated with increased long-term risk of heart disease and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD; requiring dialysis or transplant) in women. Less is known about the long-term risk of chronic kidney disease (CKD) following preeclampsia, although it is much more common than ESKD. There are many different types of CKD, and we sought to identify whether preeclampsia was equally associated with different subtypes of CKD. Large-scale, high-quality datasets with long periods of follow-up are required to investigate this. What did the researchers do and find? We used nationally representative data from 1.9 million women (3.7 million live births) in Sweden to measure the risk of CKD following preeclampsia over a 41-year period. We controlled our analysis for multiple confounding factors, including maternal age, country of origin, education level, BMI, smoking, and gestational diabetes. We excluded women with underlying medical conditions who were at higher risk of CKD at baseline. Women who had preeclampsia had almost double the risk of developing any CKD during follow-up compared to women with no preeclampsia. They also had more than 3 times higher risk of CKD linked to high blood pressure (hypertensive CKD) or diabetes specifically. Women who experienced preterm preeclampsia, recurrent preeclampsia, or preeclampsia on a background of pre-pregnancy obesity were at highest risk of CKD. What do these findings mean? Our findings suggest that women with a history of preeclampsia are at increased risk of long-term CKD, particularly hypertensive or diabetic forms of CKD. Women who experience preeclampsia may benefit from future systematic renal monitoring.
Proatherogenic Lipid Profile in Early Childhood: Association with Weight Status at 4 Years and Parental Obesity; Objectives To determine lipid profiles in early childhood and evaluate their association with weight status at 4 years of age. Additionally, we evaluated whether the risk of overweight or having an altered lipid profile was associated with parental weight status. Study design Five hundred eighty two mothers and their 4-year-old children from 2 Spanish population-based cohorts were studied. Weight status in children at 4 years of age was classified as overweight or obese using the International Obesity Task Force criteria. Plasma total cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol were determined in children and lipid ratios were calculated. A proatherogenic lipid profile was defined as having the 3 lipid ratios in the third tertile. Results A total of 12.9% of children were overweight and 6.4% were obese. Weight status at 4 years of age was related to maternal prepregnancy body mass index, paternal body mass index, gestational diabetes, and birth weight, but not with other sociodemographic characteristics of the mother. We found no association with gestational age, sex of the child, or breastfeeding. The risk of overweight/obesity was increased 4.17-fold if mothers were overweight/obese (95% CI 1.76-9.88) and 5.1-fold (95% CI 2.50-10.40) if both parents were overweight/obese. There were 133 children (22.8%) with a proatherogenic lipid profile. The risk of a proatherogenic lipid profile was increased 2.44-fold (95% CI 1.54-3.86) if they were overweight/obese at 4 years of age and 2-fold if the father was overweight/obese (95% CI 1.22-3.35). Conclusions Four-year-old overweight/obese children have higher lipid risk profiles. Offspring of overweight/obese parents have an increased risk for obesity and a proatherogenic lipid profile.
Vitamin D and Multiple Health Outcomes: An Umbrella Review of Observational Studies, Randomized Controlled Trials, and Mendelian Randomization Studies; Observational studies, randomized controlled trials (RCTs), and Mendelian randomization (MR) studies have yielded inconsistent results on the associations of vitamin D concentrations with multiple health outcomes. In the present umbrella review we aimed to evaluate the effects of low vitamin D concentrations and vitamin D supplementation on multiple health outcomes. We summarized current evidence obtained from meta-analyses of observational studies that examined associations between vitamin D concentrations and multiple health outcomes, meta-analyses of RCTs that investigated the effect of vitamin D supplementation on multiple health outcomes, and MR studies that explored the causal associations of vitamin D concentrations with various diseases (international prospective register of systematic reviews PROSPERO registration number CRD42018091434). A total of 296 meta-analyses of observational studies comprising 111 unique outcomes, 139 meta-analyses of RCTs comprising 46 unique outcomes, and 73 MR studies comprising 43 unique outcomes were included in the present umbrella review. Twenty-eight disease outcomes were identified by both meta-analyses of observational studies and MR studies. Seventeen of these reported disease outcomes had consistent results, demonstrating that lower concentrations of vitamin D were associated with a higher risk for all-cause mortality, Alzheimer's disease, hypertension, schizophrenia, and type 2 diabetes. The combinations of consistent evidence obtained by meta-analyses of observational studies and MR studies together with meta-analyses of RCTs showed that vitamin D supplementation was associated with a decreased risk for all-cause mortality but not associated with the risk for Alzheimer's disease, hypertension, schizophrenia, or type 2 diabetes. The results indicated that vitamin D supplementation is a promising strategy with long-term preventive effects on multiple chronic diseases and thus has the potential to decrease all-cause mortality. However, the current vitamin D supplementation strategy might not be an efficient intervention approach for these diseases, suggesting that new strategies are highly needed to improve the intervention outcomes. Statement of Significance: No previous systematic effort, to our knowledge, has been made to summarize and appraise evidence obtained in meta-analyses of observational studies, meta-analyses of RCTs, and MR studies on associations of vitamin D concentrations with a range of disease outcomes. This umbrella review takes advantage of the respective strengths of meta-analyses of observational studies, meta-analyses of RCTs, and MR studies by combining and comparing the findings to explore the potential importance of vitamin D in detail and to assess the implications for clinical practice and public health.
Atherogenic lipid phenotype in a general group of subjects; Context. - The atherogenic lipid phenotype is a major cardiovascular risk factor, but normal values do not exist derived from 1 analysis in a general study group. Objective. - To determine normal values of all of the atherogenic lipid phenotype parameters using subjects from a general study group. Design. -One hundred two general subjects were used to determine their atherogenic lipid phenotype using polyacrylamide gradient gels. Results. - Low-density lipoprotein ( LDL) size revealed 24% of subjects express LDL phenotype B, defined as average LDL peak particle size 258 A or less; however, among the Chinese subjects, the expression of the B phenotype was higher at 44% ( P = .02). For the total group, mean LDL size was 265 +/- 11 angstrom ( 1 SD); however, histograms were bimodal in both men and women. After excluding subjects expressing LDL phenotype B, because they are at increased cardiovascular risk and thus are not completely healthy, LDL histograms were unimodal and the mean LDL size was 270 +/- 7 angstrom. A small, dense LDL concentration histogram ( total group) revealed skewing; thus, phenotype B subjects were excluded, for the rationale described previously, and the mean value was 13 +/- 9 mg/dL (0.33 +/- 0.23 mmol/L). High-density lipoprotein ( HDL) cholesterol histograms were bimodal in both sexes. After removing subjects as described previously or if HDL cholesterol levels were less than 45 mg/dL, histograms were unimodal and revealed a mean HDL cholesterol value of 61 +/- 12 mg/dL ( 1.56 +/- 0.31 mmol/L). HDL 2, HDL 2a, and HDL 2b were similarly evaluated. Conclusions. - Approximate normal values for the atherogenic lipid phenotype, similar to those derived from cardiovascular endpoint trials, can be determined if those high proportions of subjects with dyslipidemic cardiovascular risk are excluded.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is a risk factor for large-for-gestational-age birthweight; Objective Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a well-recognized hepatic manifestation of metabolic disease in adults and has been associated with the development of gestational diabetes (GDM). Hepatic insulin resistance can result in increased release of glucose (from gluconeogenesis) and free fatty acids (due to enhanced lipolysis), which can lead in turn to fetal overgrowth. However, the relationship between maternal metabolic factors (such as circulating levels of triglycerides, free fatty acids [FFA], or adipokines) and excessive fetal birthweight in NAFLD has not been carefully examined. In this study, we evaluated the relationship between NAFLD and the subsequent risk of large-for-gestational-age (LGA) birthweight. Method Singleton nondiabetic pregnant women were evaluated for the presence of fatty liver at 10-14 weeks of gestation by abdominal ultrasound. The degree of fatty liver was classified as Grade 0-3 steatosis. At the time of liver ultrasound, maternal blood was taken after fasting and measured for adiponectin and FFA. LGA was defined as birthweight >90th percentile for gestational age. Results A total of 623 women were included in the analysis. The frequency of LGA was 10.9% (68/623), and the frequency of NAFLD was 18.9%. The risk of LGA increased significantly in patients with Grade 2-3 steatosis in the first trimester. The relationship between Grade 2-3 steatosis and LGA remained significant after adjustment for maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI, GDM, and maternal serum triglyceride levels. The concentration of maternal blood adiponectin at 10-14 weeks was significantly lower in cases with LGA than non-LGA, but the maternal blood FFA concentrations were not different between the groups. Conclusion The presence of Grade 2-3 steatosis on ultrasound in early pregnancy was associated with the increased risk of delivering an LGA infant, even after adjustment for multiple confounding factors including GDM. Adiponectin may be the linking biomarker between NAFLD and LGA.
Association between Ambient Air Pollution and Diabetes Mellitus in Europe and North America: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; BACKGROUND: Air pollution is hypothesized to be a risk factor for diabetes. Epidemiological evidence is inconsistent and has not been systematically evaluated. OBJECTIVES: We systematically reviewed epidemiological evidence on the association between air pollution and diabetes, and synthesized results of studies on type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). METHODS: We systematically searched electronic literature databases (last search, 29 April 2014) for studies reporting the association between air pollution (particle concentration or traffic exposure) and diabetes (type 1, type 2, or gestational). We systematically evaluated risk of bias and role of potential confounders in all studies. We synthesized reported associations with T2DM in meta-analyses using random-effects models and conducted various sensitivity analyses. RESULTS: We included 13 studies (8 on T2DM, 2 on type 1, 3 on gestational diabetes), all conducted in Europe or North America. Five studies were longitudinal, 5 cross-sectional, 2 case-control, and 1 ecologic. Risk of bias, air pollution assessment, and confounder control varied across studies. Dose-response effects were not reported. Meta-analyses of 3 studies on PM2.5 (particulate matter <= 2.5 mu m in diameter) and 4 studies on NO2 (nitrogen dioxide) showed increased risk of T2DM by 8-10% per 10-mu g/m(3) increase in exposure [PM2.5: 1.10 (95% CI: 1.02, 1.18); NO2: 1.08 (95% CI: 1.00, 1.17)]. Associations were stronger in females. Sensitivity analyses showed similar results. CONCLUSION: Existing evidence indicates a positive association of air pollution and T2DM risk, albeit there is high risk of bias. High-quality studies assessing dose-response effects are needed. Research should be expanded to developing countries where outdoor and indoor air pollution are high.
A Better Index of Body Adiposity; Obesity is a growing problem in the United States and throughout the world. It is a risk factor for many chronic diseases. The BMI has been used to assess body fat for almost 200 years. BMI is known to be of limited accuracy, and is different for males and females with similar %body adiposity. Here, we define an alternative parameter, the body adiposity index (BAI = ((hip circumference)/((height)(1.5))-18)). The BAI can be used to reflect %body fat for adult men and women of differing ethnicities without numerical correction. We used a population study, the "BetaGene" study, to develop the new index of body adiposity. %Body fat, as measured by the dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA), was used as a "gold standard" for validation. Hip circumference (R = 0.602) and height (R = -0.524) are strongly correlated with %body fat and therefore chosen as principal anthropometric measures on which we base BAI. The BAI measure was validated in the "Triglyceride and Cardiovascular Risk in African-Americans (TARA)" study of African Americans. Correlation between DXA-derived %adiposity and the BAI was R = 0.85 for TARA with a concordance of C_b = 0.95. BAI can be measured without weighing, which may render it useful in settings where measuring accurate body weight is problematic. In summary, we have defined a new parameter, the BAI, which can be calculated from hip circumference and height only. It can be used in the clinical setting even in remote locations with very limited access to reliable scales. The BAI estimates %adiposity directly.
Pharmacological and surgical intervention for the prevention of diabetes; The increasing prevalence of diabetes is reaching epidemic proportion worldwide. Because of the associated morbidity and mortality, it is exerting major pressure on the healthcare system. With a better understanding of the pathophysiology of type-2 diabetes, the concept of primary prevention has emerged. A number of studies have confirmed that intensive lifestyle modification was very effective in the prevention of diabetes in the impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) population. However, maintaining long-term lifestyle modification is a major challenge. It is, therefore, important to have other strategies, either pharmacological or surgical, that can be used as an adjunct or alternative to lifestyle modification. The Chinese study showed that metformin and acarbose could reduce the risk of diabetes by 65 and 83%, respectively, in IGT subjects. The efficacy of metformin was confirmed by the Diabetes Prevention Program (31% risk reduction) and that of acarbose by the STOP-NIDDM trial (36% risk reduction) in a similar high-risk population. The TRIPOD study showed that troglitazone Could reduce the risk of diabetes by 55% in Hispanic women with a history of gestational diabetes. And more recently, the XENDOS study showed that orlistat could reduced the risk of diabetes by 37% in obese subjects when used as an adjunct to an intensive lifestyle program. Three studies have suggested that bariatric surgery in morbidly obese subjects could reduce the risk of diabetes to near zero. Furthermore, a number of studies have examined the effect of a renin angiotensin aldosterone system inhibitor, as well as statin and hormone replacement therapy on the prevention of type-2 diabetes in high-risk subjects as secondary outcomes and have suggested that they could be of potential benefit. The accumulating evidence is now overwhelming. Yes, diabetes can be prevented or delayed in high-risk populations. With this new information, we need to design new strategies to screen high-risk populations and to implement the new treatments that have proven effective in the prevention of type-2 diabetes. Copyright (c) 2006 Nestec Ltd.,
Mobile Health Solutions for Hypertensive Disorders in Pregnancy: Scoping Literature Review; Background: Hypertensive disorders are the most common complications during pregnancy, occurring in 5% to 11% of pregnancies; gestational hypertension and preeclampsia are the leading causes of perinatal and maternal morbidity and mortality, especially in low-and middle-income countries (LMIC) where maternal and perinatal mortality ratios are still high. Pregnant women with hypertensive disorders could greatly benefit from mobile health (mHealth) solutions as a novel way to identify and control early symptoms, as shown in an increasing number of publications in the field. Such digital health solutions may overcome access limiting factors and the lack of skilled medical professionals and finances commonly presented in resource-poor environments. Objective: The aim of this study was to conduct a literature review of mHealth solutions used as support in hypertensive disorders during pregnancy, with the objective to identify the most relevant protocols and prototypes that could influence and improve current clinical practice. Methods: A methodological review following a scoping methodology was conducted. Manuscripts published in research journals reporting technical information of mHealth solutions for hypertensive disorders in pregnancy were included, categorizing articles in different groups: Diagnosis and Monitoring, mHealth Decision Support System, Education, and Health Promotion, and seven research questions were posed to study the manuscripts. Results: The search in electronic research databases yielded 327 articles. After removing duplicates, 230 articles were selected for screening. Finally, 11 articles met the inclusion criteria, and data were extracted from them. Very positive results in the improvement of maternal health and acceptability of solutions were found, although most of the studies involved a small number of participants, and none were complete clinical studies. Accordingly, none of the reported prototypes were integrated in the different health care systems. Only 4 studies used sensors for physiological measurements, and only 2 used blood pressure sensors despite the importance of this physiological parameter in the control of hypertension. The reported mHealth solutions have great potential to improve clinical practice in areas lacking skilled medical professionals or with a low health care budget, of special relevance in LMIC, although again, no extensive clinical validation has been carried out in these environments. Conclusions: mHealth solutions hold enormous potential to support hypertensive disorders during pregnancy and improve current clinical practice. Although very positive results have been reported in terms of usability and the improvement of maternal health, rigorous complete clinical trials are still necessary to support integration in health care systems. There is a clear need for simple mHealth solutions specifically developed for resource-poor environments that meet the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal (SDG); of enormous interest in LMIC.
Factors Associated with Diabetes-Related Clinical Inertia in a Managed Care Population and Its Effect on Hemoglobin A1c Goal Attainment: A Claims-Based Analysis; BACKGROUND: Despite evidence showing the benefits of treatment intensification following an elevated hemoglobin A1c (A1c), clinical inertia, or failure to establish and/or escalate treatment to achieve treatment goals, is a concern among patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Clinical inertia may contribute to increased health care utilization and costs due to poor clinical outcomes in MCOs. OBJECTIVES: To (a) identify factors associated with clinical inertia in T2DM and (b) determine differences in A1c goal attainment between patients who experience clinical inertia versus treatment intensification in a commercially insured population. METHODS: Medical and pharmacy claims data were used to identify commercially insured patients in a regional MCO with a recorded A1c >= 8.0% between January 1, 2013, and December 31, 2015. In the 4 months following the first elevated A1c value (index date), patients were classified into 2 groups: treatment intensification or clinical inertia. Treatment intensification was defined as the addition of >= 1 new noninsulin antihyperglycemic medication, the addition of insulin, or a dose increase of any current noninsulin antihyperglycemic medication. Patients were required to have >= 1 follow-up A1c value 6-12 months after the index date and continuous enrollment in the health plan for 12 months before and after the index date. Patients were excluded if they had a diagnosis for gestational diabetes or type 1 diabetes or if they were on insulin in the pre-index period. The primary outcome of attaining A1c < 7.0% was compared between groups after propensity score matching (PSM). Factors associated with clinical inertia were identified using logistic regression. RESULTS: 3,078 patients, with a mean (SD) age of 54.4 (10.6) years and a mean (SD) baseline A1c of 9.6% (1.7), were included in the study. Of these, 1,093 patients (36%) experienced clinical inertia. After PSM, 1,760 patients remained; 880 in each group. In the clinical inertia group, 23% of patients achieved an A1c < 7.0% in the post-index period, compared with 35% in the treatment intensification group (P < 0.001). A greater likelihood of experiencing clinical inertia was associated with baseline treatment with 2 (OR = 1.51, 95% CI = 1.22-2.86; P < 0.001) or >= 3 (OR = 1.78, 95% CI = 1.30-2.42; P < 0.001) antihyperglycemic medications (vs. none), baseline age >= 65 years (OR = 2.11, 95% CI = 1.63-2.74; P < 0.001), and diagnosis of coronary heart disease (OR = 1.44, 95% CI = 1.10-1.88; P = 0.007). A baseline A1c >= 9.0% (vs. 8.0%-8.9%) was associated with a lower likelihood of experiencing clinical inertia (OR = 0.56, 95% CI = 0.48-0.66; P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: More than a third of patients in a commercially insured population with T2DM and a baseline A1c >= 8% experienced clinical inertia. Clinical inertia resulted in worse A1c outcomes over the 12-month follow-up period. Results of this study suggest that treatment intensification should be monitored, with efforts made to educate health care providers on strategies aimed at improving glycemic control for high-risk patients. Copyright (C) 2019, Academy of Managed Care Pharmacy. All rights reserved.
Iron, Human Growth, and the Global Epidemic of Obesity; Iron is an essential nutrient utilized in almost every aspect of cell function and its availability has previously limited life. Those same properties which allow iron to function as a catalyst in the reactions of life also present a threat via generation of oxygen-based free radicals. Accordingly; life exists at the interface of iron-deficiency and iron-sufficiency. We propose that: (1) human life is no longer positioned at the limits of iron availability following several decades of fortification and supplementation and there is now an overabundance of the metal among individuals of many societies; (2) this increased iron availability exerts a positive effect on growth by targeting molecules critical in regulating the progression of the cell cycle; there is increased growth in humans provided greater amounts of this metal; and indices of obesity can positively correlate with body stores of iron; and (3) diseases of obesity reflect this over-abundance of iron. Testing potential associations between iron availability and both obesity and obesity-related diseases in populations will be difficult since fortification and supplementation is so extensively practiced.
Glucose challenge test screening for prediabetes and undiagnosed diabetes; Diabetes prevention and care are limited by lack of screening. We hypothesised that screening could be done with a strategy similar to that used near-universally for gestational diabetes, i.e. a 50 g oral glucose challenge test (GCT) performed at any time of day, regardless of meal status, with one 1 h sample. At a first visit, participants had random plasma and capillary glucose measured, followed by the GCT with plasma and capillary glucose (GCTplasma and GCTcap, respectively). At a second visit, participants had HbA(1c) measured and a diagnostic 75 g OGTT. The 1,573 participants had mean age of 48 years, BMI 30.3 kg/m(2) and 58% were women and 58% were black. Diabetes (defined by WHO) was present in 4.6% and prediabetes (defined as impaired glucose tolerance [2 h glucose 7.8-11.1 (140-199 mg/dl) with fasting glucose a parts per thousand currency sign6.9 (125 mg/dl)] and/or impaired fasting glucose with plasma glucose 6.1-6.9 mmol/l [110-125 mg/dl]) in 18.7%. The GCTplasma provided areas under the receiver-operating-characteristic curves of 0.90, 0.82 and 0.79 for detection of diabetes, diabetes or prediabetes, and prediabetes, respectively, all of which were higher than GCTcap, random and capillary glucose, and HbA(1c) (p < 0.02 for all). The performance of GCTplasma was unaffected by time after meals or time of day, and was better in blacks than whites, but otherwise comparable in men and women, and in groups with differing prevalence of glucose intolerance. GCTplasma screening would cost approximately US$84 to identify one person with previously unrecognised diabetes or prediabetes. GCT screening for prediabetes and previously unrecognised diabetes would be accurate, convenient and inexpensive. Widespread use of GCT screening could help improve disease management by permitting early initiation of therapy aimed at preventing or delaying the development of diabetes and its complications.
Maternal Inactivity: 45-Year Trends in Mothers' Use of Time; Objective: To examine 45-year trends in time use and physical activity energy expenditure (PAEE) in a nationally representative sample of US mothers. Participants and Methods: We quantified time allocation to physical activity (PA), sedentary behaviors (SED), and PAEE from 1965 to 2010 in mothers with older children (MOC) (>5 to <= 18 years) and mothers with younger children (MYC) (<= 5 years). Physical activity was the sum of time allocated to housework, child care, laundry, food preparation, postmeal cleanup, and exercise. Sedentary behavior was the sum of time spent in a vehicle and using screen-based media. Physical activity energy expenditure was calculated using body weights from national surveys and metabolic equivalents. Results: From 1965 to 2010, the time allocated to PA decreased by 11.1 h/wk (from 32.0 to 20.9 h/wk) in MOC and by 13.9 h/wk (from 43.6 to 29.7 h/wk) in MYC. The time spent in SED increased by 7.0 h/wk in MOC (from 17.7 to 24.7 h/wk) and increased by 5.7 h/wk in MYC (from 17.0 to 22.7 h/wk). Physical activity energy expenditure decreased by 1237.6 kcal/wk (176.8 kcal/d) in MOC (from 5835.3 to 4597.7 kcal/wk), and in MYC, PAEE decreased by 1572.5 kcal/wk (224.6 kcal/d), from 7690.5 to 6118.0 kcal/wk. Conclusion: There was a significant reallocation of time by mothers from PA (eg, housework) to SED (eg, watching television) between 1965 and 2010. Given the essential role of PA for health and the potential for the intergenerational transmission of obesity and obesogenic behaviors, these results suggest that maternal inactivity may be an important target for the primary prevention of chronic noncommunicable diseases and obesity. (C) 2013 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research
A retrospective cohort study evaluating pregnancy outcomes in women with MIDD; Aims The most common pathogenic mitochondrial mutation associated with mitochondrial disease is m.3243A>G. Increased obstetric complications, such as spontaneous abortion, gestational diabetes (GDM), preterm delivery, and preeclampsia, have been reported in women carrying this mutation. We aimed to determine the fetal and maternal outcomes in pregnant women with mitochondrial disease.Methods We retrospectively studied the obstetric and perinatal outcomes in 88 pregnancies of 26 women with genetically confirmed mitochondrial disease (m.3243A>G in the MTTL1 gene (n = 25); m.12258C>A in the MT-TS2 gene (n = 1)). Outcomes included pregnancy related complications, mode of delivery, gestational age at delivery and birthweight.Results Mean heteroplasmy rate was 18%. The miscarriage rate was higher than background at 25%. 21 pregnancies (24%) were complicated by GDM; 9 pregnancies (13.6%) had a preterm delivery and 2 of them (3%) an extreme premature delivery < 32 weeks. One woman had preeclampsia and one had a postpartum hemorrhage. The caesarean section (CS) rate was 20%. For every unit increase in maternal heteroplasmy levels there was a 26% increased risk of undergoing an assisted operative vaginal delivery (OR 1.26, 95% CI 1.04-1.53, P = 0.002, Bonferroni corrected P = 0.005) and an 18% increased risk of undergoing a CS (OR 1.18, 95% CI 1.01-1.39, P = 0.01, Bonferroni corrected P = 0.03) compared to a spontaneous vaginal delivery. There was a statistical significant correlation between maternal and offspring heteroplasmy levels. Spearman correlation rho = 0.96, 95% CI 0.78-0.99, P = 0.0002.Conclusion Women with mitochondrial disease appear to have more frequent obstetric complications including miscarriage and GDM. Pre-pregnancy diagnosis of m.3243A>G will enable the counseling of women and increase awareness of possible obstetric complications.
Influence of Gender in Diabetes Mellitus and Its Complication; In medicine, there is growing evidence that gender differences are important and lead to variations in the pathophysiology and treatment of many diseases with traits that appear to be particularly relevant in influencing the outcomes of many morbid forms. Today, the inclusion of gender in biomedical research, to improve the scientific quality and scientific relevance of knowledge, of technology is an increasingly present element precisely due to the practical implications that derive from it. Gender differences describe the biological variability between women and men, which is, in turn, related to differences in the information contained in sex chromosomes, the specific gene expression of autosomes linked to sex, the different number and quality of sex hormones, and their different effects on systems and organs, without neglecting the fact that each of the sexes has different target organs on which these hormones act. Additionally, both genders undergo metabolic changes throughout their lives, and this is especially true for women who show more dramatic changes due to their role in reproduction. Gender differences are not only the result of our genetic makeup but are also mixed with socio-cultural habits, behaviors, and lifestyles, differences between women and men, exposure to specific environmental influences, different food and lifestyle styles or stress, or different attitude in compliance with treatments and disease prevention campaigns. Gender differences also affect behavior throughout life, and physical changes can have implications for lifestyle, social roles, and mental health. Therefore, determinism and therapeutic outcome in chronic diseases are influenced by a complex combination of biological and environmental factors, not forgetting that there are many interactions of social and biological factors in women and men. This review will address the role of gender differences in the management of various forms of diabetes and its complications considering the different biological functions of hormones, the difference in body composition, physiological differences in glucose and fat metabolism, also considering the role of the microbiota. intestinal, as well as the description of gestational diabetes linked to possible pathophysiological events typical of reproduction.
Diabetes in Asia Epidemiology, Risk Factors, and Pathophysiology; Context With increasing globalization and East-West exchanges, the increasing epidemic of type 2 diabetes in Asia has far-reaching public health and socioeconomic implications. Objective To review recent data in epidemiologic trends, risk factors, and complications of type 2 diabetes in Asia. Evidence Acquisition Search of MEDLINE using the term diabetes and other relevant keywords to identify meta-analyses, systematic reviews, large surveys, and cohort studies. Separate searches were performed for specific Asian countries. The review was limited to English-language articles published between January 1980 and March 2009; publications on type 1 diabetes were excluded. Evidence Synthesis The prevalence of diabetes in Asian populations has increased rapidly in recent decades. In 2007, more than 110 million individuals in Asia were living with diabetes, with a disproportionate burden among the young and middle aged. Similarly, rates of overweight and obesity are increasing sharply, driven by economic development, nutrition transition, and increasingly sedentary lifestyles. The "metabolically obese" phenotype (ie, normal body weight with increased abdominal adiposity) is common in Asian populations. The increased risk of gestational diabetes, combined with exposure to poor nutrition in utero and overnutrition in later life in some populations, may contribute to the increasing diabetes epidemic through "diabetes begetting diabetes" in Asia. While young age of onset and long disease duration place Asian patients with diabetes at high risk for cardiorenal complications, cancer is emerging as an important cause of morbidity and mortality. Conclusions Type 2 diabetes is an increasing epidemic in Asia, characterized by rapid rates of increase over short periods and onset at a relatively young age and low body mass index. Prevention and control of diabetes should be a top public health priority in Asian populations. JAMA. 2009;301(20):2129-2140 www.jama.com
The STOP-NIDDM Trial -: An international study on the efficacy of an α-glucosidase inhibitor to prevent type 2 diabetes in a population with impaired glucose tolerance:: rationale, design, and preliminary screening data; OBJECTIVE - To describe the rationale and design, and to discuss the preliminary screening data, of the Study to Prevent NIDDM (STOP-NIDDM Trial), an international study on the efficacy of the oc-glucosidase inhibitor acarbose in preventing or delaying the development of type 2 diabetes in a population with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A total of 1,418 subjects diagnosed with IGT according to the World Health Organization's criteria and having a fasting plasma glucose concentration greater than or equal to 5.6 mmol/l were randomized in a double-blind fashion to receive either acarbose (100 mg t.i.d.) or placebo for a predictive median follow-up period of 3.9 years. The primary outcome is the development of type 2 diabetes diagnosed using a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test according to the new criteria. The secondary outcomes are changes in blood pressure, lipid profile, insulin sensitivity, cardiovascular events, and morphometric profile. RESULTS - Screening was performed in a high-risk population. As of 1 March 1997, 4,424 subjects had been screened, and data were available for 3,919 (88.5%) subjects. Of these subjects, 1,200 (30.6%) had glucose intolerance. Of the subjects with glucose intolerance, 521 (13.3%) had previously undetected type 2 diabetes, and 679 (17.3%) had IGT. Of the IGT population, 412 (60.7%) subjects were eligible for the study. This population had the following characteristics: the mean age was 54.8 years, 52% of the subjects were female, 53% had more than one risk factor for type 2 diabetes, >90% had a family history of diabetes. 78.2% had a BMI greater than or equal to 27 kg/m(2), 47.5% had high blood pressure, 51.2% had dyslipidemia, and 22.8% of the women had a history of gestational diabetes. CONCLUSIONS - Screening of a high-risk population yields one eligible subject per every 10 volunteers screened. This study should definitely answer the question of whether acarbose can prevent or delay the progression of IGT to type 2 diabetes mellitus.
New concepts in extracellular signaling for insulin action: The single gateway hypothesis; Insulin resistance is a precursor to and primary cause of Type 2 diabetes mellitus. In addition, insulin resistance is associated with other chronic diseases, including gestational diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. Resistance to insulin's effects on carbohydrate metabolism include diminished actions of insulin to enhance glucose uptake and suppress endogenous glucose production. This chapter introduces new concepts related to the mechanism by which insulin stimulates glucose utilization in vivo and demonstrates that these processes are mechanistically linked to glucose production. Insulin acts rapidly in vitro to stimulate glucose uptake; in contrast, its effects in vivo are relatively slow in the conscious animal or human subject. The explanation for this difference between in vitro and in vivo dynamics is the delay associated with insulin transport across capillary endothelium of insulin-sensitive tissues (primarily muscle). Also, interstitial insulin is attenuated in concentration compared to plasma insulin at basal as well as under hyperinsulinemic conditions (plasma:interstitial ratio, 3:2). The sluggishness of insulin action and the attenuation in insulin concentration can be explained by a model in which transendothelial insulin transport is restricted and interstitial insulin binds to insulin-sensitive cells, where the hormone is internalized and degraded. Whether insulin transport occurs by a hormone-specific mechanism (i.e., via receptors on endothelial cells) was tested by comparing transport at physiological with pharmacological insulin concentrations-evidence supports a nonspecific mechanism of transport across endothelium (i.e., diffusion or transcytosis). Transendothelial transport alters the in vivo patterns of insulin signaling-biphasic plasma insulin after glucose injection is reflected in a simple, rapid increase in interstitial insulin to an elevated concentration. The time course of insulin's effect to suppress endogenous glucose output is a mirror image of its effect to enhance glucose uptake; however, there is no transendothelial barrier to insulin action at the liver. The similarity in action dynamics at periphery and liver was explained by a mechanism in which insulin crosses into peripheral tissue and alters a "second (blood-borne) signal" that, in turn, suppresses liver glucose production. Of various possible alternative candidates for the second signal, declining plasma free fatty acids appear to signal suppression of glucose production. We have proposed the "single gateway hypothesis" to explain insulin's action on carbohydrate metabolism in vivo: insulin crosses the endothelial boundary in skeletal muscle (to stimulate glucose disposal) and traverses the endothelial barrier in adipose tissue to suppress lipolysis. The declining free fatty acids are proposed to be a major factor in the insulin-mediated decline in glucose output. This mechanism can be contrasted with the classical concept that portal insulin controls the liver directly. Recent evidence supports the concept that, under normal levels of glucagonemia, less than 25% of the suppression of hepatic glucose output by insulin is due to a direct effect of insulin via the portal vein and that most of the effect (similar to 75%) is explained by the indirect single gateway mechanism. These results raise the question of whether hepatic insulin resistance in Type 2 diabetes can be explained by insulin resistance at the adipocyte, which causes a failure of reduction of FFA by insulin, leading to overproduction of glucose by the liver. The possible role of the single gateway mechanism in diabetes is under investigation.
Diagnosis and Management of Prediabetes: A Review; Prediabetes isa highly prevalent intermediate stage of glucose dysregulation that may precede type 2 diabetes. In the United States, approximately 10% of those with prediabetes will develop diabetes each year, and the prevalence of prediabetes is steadily increasing. The aim of this review is to summarize the epidemiology, diagnostic criteria, clinical outcomes, and management of pre -diabetes. A literature search was conducted for high-quality prospective cohort studies, randomized trials, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses. For the purpose of this review, outcomes associated with cases defined by fasting plasma glucose level, 2-hour plasma glucose level after a 75-g oral glucose challenge (2hPG), or glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) level were in-cluded. Different diagnostic criteria for prediabetes are reported by the American Diabetes Association, the World Health Organization, and the International Expert Committee; however, a fasting plasma glucose of greater than 100, a 2hPG of greater than 140, or an HbA1c of greater than 6.0 would qualify by each organization's standards. Nationally representative surveys were queried to obtain estimates of disease frequency. A total of 110 studies were included, including 20 randomized clinical trials, 9 systematic reviews and meta-analyses, 7 guide-lines, 3 diagnostic studies, 58 cohort studies, and results of 13 nationally representative surveys. Longitudinal studies revealed an incident prediabetes rate of 6.2% among predominantly White participants, 7.8% among people those identifying as Pima In-dian, and 11% among Black or White adults with parental history of type 2 diabetes. Risk factors for the development of pre -diabetes include overweight or obesity, older age, physical inactivity, unhealthy diet, and genetic predisposition. A meta-analysis revealed that a history of diabetes in at least 1 first-degree relative was associated with increased odds of having prediabetes (odds ratio, 1.40; 95% confidence interval, 1.27-1.54). One observational study found that 102 of 265 participants with predi-abetes progressed to diabetes during 10 years of follow-up, whereas another found the cumulative diabetes incidence was 95.9% among participants with prediabetes without treatment over a 30-year follow-up period. Another study found that of the 3 diag-nostic methods the highest relative risk for development of diabetes from prediabetes was associated with a high HbA1c.A meta-analysis of 129 prospective studies found that prediabetes was associated with increased rates of cardiovascular disease (incidence rate per 10,000 person-years, 58.3 in those with normal glucose regulation vs 67.0 among those with pre -diabetes) and all-cause mortality (73.6 among those with normal glucose regulation and 81 among those with prediabetes). In addition, microvascular complications including retinopathy, peripheral neuropathy, and chronic kidney disease are frequent among those with prediabetes. Lifestyle modifications such as increased exercise anda healthy diet are the mainstays of treat-ment for prediabetes. Interventions targeting these pillars have shown a decrease in the incidence of diabetes compared with placebo or usual care among those with prediabetes and women with a history of gestational diabetes. In addition, several randomized clinical trials have shown metformin may reduce the incidence of diabetes among people with prediabetes; however, it was less efficacious than lifestyle intervention. The results of this review show that prediabetes is associated with increased risk of diabetes, cardiovascular events, and mortality and should be treated with lifestyle modification that includes weight loss and exercise with or without metformin.
Safety of low weight gain or weight loss in pregnancies with class 1, 2, and 3 obesity: a population-based cohort study; Background There are concerns that current gestational weight gain recommendations for women with obesity are too high and that guidelines should differ on the basis of severity of obesity. In this study we investigated the safety of gestational weight gain below current recommendations or weight loss in pregnancies with obesity, and evaluated whether separate guidelines are needed for different obesity classes. Methods In this population -based cohort study, we used electronic medical records from the Stockholm-Gotland Perinatal Cohort study to identify pregnancies with obesity (early pregnancy BMI before 14 weeks' gestation >= 30 kg/m( 2 )) among singleton pregnancies that delivered between Jan 1, 2008, and Dec 31, 2015. The pregnancy records were linked with Swedish national health-care register data up to Dec 31, 2019. Gestational weight gain was calculated as the last measured weight before or at delivery minus early pregnancy weight (at <14 weeks' gestation), and standardised for gestational age into z -scores. We used Poisson regression to assess the association of gestational weight gain z -score with a composite outcome of: stillbirth, infant death, large for gestational age and small for gestational age at birth, preterm birth, unplanned caesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, excess postpartum weight retention, and new -onset longer -term maternal cardiometabolic disease after pregnancy, weighted to account for event severity. We calculated rate ratios (RRs) for our composite adverse outcome along the weight gain z -score continuum, compared with a reference of the current lower limit for gestational weight gain recommended by the US Institute of Medicine (IOM; 5 kg at term). RRs were adjusted for confounding factors (maternal age, height, parity, early pregnancy BMI, early pregnancy smoking status, prepregnancy cardiovascular disease or diabetes, education, cohabitation status, and Nordic country of birth). Findings Our cohort comprised 15 760 pregnancies with obesity, followed up for a median of 7<middle dot>9 years (IQR 5<middle dot>8-9<middle dot>4). 11 667 (74<middle dot>0%) pregnancies had class 1 obesity, 3160 (20<middle dot>1%) had class 2 obesity, and 933 (5<middle dot>9%) had class 3 obesity. Among these pregnancies, 1623 (13<middle dot>9%), 786 (24<middle dot>9%), and 310 (33<middle dot>2%), respectively, had weight gain during pregnancy below the lower limit of the IOM recommendation (5 kg). In pregnancies with class 1 or 2 obesity, gestational weight gain values below the lower limit of the IOM recommendation or weight loss did not increase risk of the adverse composite outcome (eg, at weight gain z -score -2<middle dot>4, corresponding to 0 kg at 40 weeks: adjusted RR 0<middle dot>97 [95% CI 0<middle dot>89-1<middle dot>06] in obesity class 1 and 0<middle dot>96 [0<middle dot>86-1<middle dot>08] in obesity class 2). In pregnancies with class 3 obesity, weight gain values below the IOM limit or weight loss were associated with reduced risk of the adverse composite outcome (eg, adjusted RR 0<middle dot>81 [0<middle dot>71-0<middle dot>89] at weight gain z -score -2<middle dot>4, or 0 kg). Interpretation Our findings support calls to lower or remove the lower limit of current IOM recommendations for pregnant women with obesity, and suggest that separate guidelines for class 3 obesity might be warranted.
Determination of maternal body composition in pregnancy and its relevance to perinatal outcomes; Three models and 10 specific methods for determining maternal body composition are discussed and their perinatal relevance reviewed. English language publications (1950 to January 2004) were searched electronically and by hand. Search terms included "body composition," "human," " pregnancy," "obesity," "adiposity," "regional," "2-, 3-, 4-component," "truncal," "peripheral," "central," "visceral" along with specific techniques and outcomes listed subsequently. Three models of body composition are described: 2-component being fat and fat-free mass; 3-component being fat, water, and protein; and 4-component being, fat, water, protein, and osseous mineral. Ten techniques of body composition assessment are described: 1) anthropometric techniques including skinfold thicknesses and waist-hip ratio; 2) total body water (isotopically labeled; 3) hydrodensitometry (underwater weighing); 4) air-displacement plethysmography; 5) bio-impedance analysis (BIA); 6) total body potassium (TBK); 7) dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DEXA); 8) computed tomography (CT); 9) magnetic resonance imaging (MRI); and 10) ultrasound (USS). Most methods estimate total adiposity. Regional fat distribution-central (truncal) compared with peripheral (limb) or visceral compared with subculaneous-is important because of regional variation in adipocyte metabolism. Skinfolds, DEXA, CT, MRI, or USS can distinguish central from peripheral fat CT, MRI, or USS can further subdivide central fat into visceral and subcutaneous. Perinatal outcomes examined in relation to body composition include pregnancy duration, birth weight, congenital anomalies, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and the fetal origins of adult disease. A few studies suggest that central compared with peripheral fat correlates better with birth weight, gestational carbohydrate intolerance, and hypertension. Means of accurately assessing maternal body composition remain cumbersome and impractical, but may more accurately predict perinaltal outcomes than traditional assessments such as maternal weight Target Audience: Obstetricians & Gynecologists, Family Physicians Learning Objectives: After completion of this article, the reader should be able to list the various techniques of body composition assessment, to compare the various models used to estimate body composition, and to outline the clinical correlates of material body composition in pregnancy.
Embryonic exposures of lithium and homocysteine and folate protection affect lipid metabolism during mouse cardiogenesis and placentation; Embryonic exposures can increase the risk of congenital cardiac birth defects and adult disease. The present study identifies the predominant pathways modulated by an acute embryonic mouse exposure during gastrulation to lithium or homocysteine that induces cardiac defects. High dose periconceptional folate supplementation normalized development. Microarray bioinformatic analysis of gene expression demonstrated that primarily lipid metabolism is altered after the acute exposures. The lipid-related modulation demonstrated a gender bias with male embryos showing greater number of lipid-related Gene Ontology biological processes altered than in female embryos. RT-PCR analysis demonstrated significant change of the fatty acid oxidation gene Acadm with homocysteine exposure primarily in male embryos than in female. The perturbations resulting from the exposures resulted in growth-restricted placentas with disorganized cellular lipid droplet distribution indicating lipids have a critical role in cardiac-placental abnormal development. High folate supplementation protected normal heart-placental function, gene expression and lipid localization. (C) 2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license.
Probiotics and dietary counselling contribute to glucose regulation during and after pregnancy: a randomised controlled trial; Balanced glucose metabolism ensures optimal fetal growth with long-term health implications conferred on both mother and child. We examined whether supplementation of probiotics with dietary counselling affects glucose metabolism in normoglycaemic pregnant women. At the first trimester of pregnancy 256 women were randomised to receive nutrition counselling to modify dietary intake according to current recommendations or as controls the dietary intervention group was further randomised to receive probiotics (Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12; diet/probiotics) or placebo (diet/placebo) in a double-blind manner, whilst the control group received placebo (control/ placebo). Blood glucose concentrations were lowest in the diet/probiotics group during pregnancy (baseline-adjusted means 4.45, 4.60 and 4.56 mmol/l in diet/probiotics, diet/placebo and control/placebo, respectively, P=0.025) and over the 12 months' postpartum period (baseline-adjusted means 4.87, 5.01 and 5.02 mmol/l; P=0.025). Better glucose tolerance in the diet/probiotics group was confirmed by a reduced risk of elevated glucose concentration compared with the control/placebo group (OR 0.31 (95% Cl 0.12, 0.78); P=0.013) as well as by the lowest insulin concentration (adjusted means 7.55, 9.32 and 9.27 mU/l; P=0.032) and homeostasis model assessment (adjusted means 1.49, 1.90 and 1.88: P=0.028) and the highest quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (adjusted means 0.37, 0.35 and 0.35; P=0.028) during the last trimester of pregnancy. The effects observed extended over the 12-month postpartum period. The present study demonstrated that improved blood glucose control can be achieved by dietary counselling with probiotics even in a normoglycaemic population and thus may provide potential novel means for the prophylactic and therapeutic management of glucose disorders.
Cohort profile: the Environmental Reproductive and Glucose Outcomes (ERGO) Study (Boston, Massachusetts, USA) - a prospective pregnancy cohort study of the impacts of environmental exposures on parental cardiometabolic health; Purpose Pregnancy and the postpartum period are increasingly recognised as sensitive windows for cardiometabolic disease risk. Growing evidence suggests environmental exposures, including endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs), are associated with an increased risk of pregnancy complications that are associated with long-term cardiometabolic risk. However, the impact of perinatal EDC exposure on subsequent cardiometabolic risk post-pregnancy is less understood. The Environmental Reproductive and Glucose Outcomes (ERGO) Study was established to investigate the associations of environmental exposures during the perinatal period with post-pregnancy parental cardiometabolic health. Participants Pregnant individuals aged >= 18 years without pre-existing diabetes were recruited at <15 weeks of gestation from Boston, Massachusetts area hospitals. Participants completed <= 4 prenatal study visits (median: 12, 19, 26, 36 weeks of gestation) and 1 postpartum visit (median: 9 weeks), during which we collected biospecimens, health histories, demographic and behavioural data, and vitals and anthropometric measurements. Participants completed a postpartum fasting 2-hour 75 g oral glucose tolerance test. Clinical data were abstracted from electronic medical records. Ongoing (as of 2024) extended post-pregnancy follow-up visits occur annually following similar data collection protocols. Findings to date We enrolled 653 unique pregnancies and retained 633 through delivery. Participants had a mean age of 33 years, 10% (n=61) developed gestational diabetes and 8% (n=50) developed pre-eclampsia. Participant pregnancy and postpartum urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations and postpartum glycaemic biomarkers were quantified. To date, studies within ERGO found higher exposure to phthalates and phthalate mixtures, and separately, higher exposure to radioactive ambient particulate matter, were associated with adverse gestational glycaemic outcomes. Additionally, certain personal care products used in pregnancy, notably hair oils, were associated with higher urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations, earlier gestational age at delivery and lower birth weight. Future plans Future work will leverage the longitudinal data collected on pregnancy and cardiometabolic outcomes, environmental exposures, questionnaires, banked biospecimens and paediatric data within the ERGO Study.
A type VII secretion system in Group B <i>Streptococcus</i> mediates cytotoxicity and virulence; Author summaryGroup B Streptococcus (GBS) is an important human pathogen that is a leading cause of invasive disease in newborns and certain adult populations, including pregnant women, the elderly, and those with diabetes. During pregnancy, asymptomatically colonizing GBS in the female genital tract can be transmitted to the fetus or newborn and can result in neonatal meningitis upon GBS disruption of the blood-brain barrier (BBB). GBS encodes a type VII secretion system (T7SS), which may allow export of proteins and/or toxins that promote BBB disruption; however, the GBS T7SS has not been studied. Here we show that GBS encodes four types of T7SSs and that the most prevalent subtype is important for GBS meningitis progression, possibly by inducing inflammation and cell death in the brain. We also show that a secreted T7SS effector protein, EsxA, contributes to GBS pathogenesis and can form pores in lipid membranes. This is the first demonstration of EsxA-mediated pore-formation in Gram-positive bacteria. Type VII secretion systems (T7SS) have been identified in Actinobacteria and Firmicutes and have been shown to secrete effector proteins with functions in virulence, host toxicity, and/or interbacterial killing in a few genera. Bioinformatic analysis indicates that isolates of Group B Streptococcus (GBS) encode at least four distinct subtypes of T7SS machinery, three of which encode adjacent putative T7SS effectors with WXG and LXG motifs. However, the function of T7SS in GBS pathogenesis is unknown. Here we assessed the role of the most abundant GBS T7SS subtype during GBS pathogenesis. In a murine model of hematogenous meningitis, mice infected with GBS lacking a functional T7SS or lacking the secreted WXG100 effector EsxA exhibited less mortality, lower bacterial burdens in tissues, and decreased inflammation in the brain compared to mice infected with the parental GBS strain. We further showed that this T7SS induces cytotoxicity in brain endothelium and that EsxA contributes to these cytotoxicity phenotypes in a WXG motif-dependent manner. Finally, we determined that EsxA is a pore-forming protein, thus demonstrating the first role for a non-mycobacterial EsxA homolog in pore formation. This work reveals the importance of a T7SS in host-GBS interactions and has implications for T7SS effector function in other Gram-positive bacteria.
The Fit After Baby randomized controlled trial: An mHealth postpartum lifestyle intervention for women with elevated cardiometabolic risk; BackgroundPostpartum women with overweight/obesity and a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes are at elevated risk for cardiometabolic disease. Postpartum weight loss and lifestyle changes can decrease these risks, yet traditional face-to-face interventions often fail. We adapted the Diabetes Prevention Program into a theory-based mobile health (mHealth) program called Fit After Baby (FAB) and tested FAB in a randomized controlled trial.MethodsThe FAB program provided 12 weeks of daily evidence-based content, facilitated tracking of weight, diet, and activity, and included weekly coaching and gamification with points and rewards. We randomized women at 6 weeks postpartum 2:1 to FAB or to the publicly available Text4baby (T4B) app (active control). We measured weight and administered behavioral questionnaires at 6 weeks, and 6 and 12 months postpartum, and collected app user data.Results81 eligible women participated (77% White, 2% Asian, 15% Black, with 23% Hispanic), mean baseline BMI 32 +/- 5 kg/m2 and age 31 +/- 5 years. FAB participants logged into the app a median of 51/84 (IQR 25,71) days, wore activity trackers 66/84 (IQR 43,84) days, logged weight 17 times (IQR 11,24), and did coach check-ins 5.5/12 (IQR 4,9) weeks. The COVID-19 pandemic interrupted data collection for the primary 12-month endpoint, and impacted diet, physical activity, and body weight for many participants. At 12 months postpartum women in the FAB group lost 2.8 kg [95% CI -4.2,-1.4] from baseline compared to a loss of 1.8 kg [95% CI -3.8,+0.3] in the T4B group (p = 0.42 for the difference between groups). In 60 women who reached 12 months postpartum before the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, women randomized to FAB lost 4.3 kg [95% CI -6.0,-2.6] compared to loss in the control group of 1.3 kg [95% CI -3.7,+1.1] (p = 0.0451 for the difference between groups).ConclusionsThere were no significant differences between groups for postpartum weight loss for the entire study population. Among those unaffected by the COVID pandemic, women randomized to the FAB program lost significantly more weight than those randomized to the T4B program. The mHealth FAB program demonstrated a substantial level of engagement. Given the scalability and potential public health impact of the FAB program, the efficacy for decreasing cardiometabolic risk by increasing postpartum weight loss should be tested in a larger trial.
Rubrometabolic Syndrome; Metabolic syndrome (MS), a conglomeration of several conditions including obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), insulin resistance, elevated blood pressure, and dyslipidemia is reaching epidemic proportions. Anemia is caused by iron deficiency or dysregulation of iron homeostasis, leading to tissue hypoxia. Coexistence of anemia and MS or its compo-nents has been reported in the literature. The term "rubrometabolic syndrome" acts as a unifying entity linking the impor-tance of blood in health and anemia in MS; it justifies two principles - redness of blood and low-grade inflammation. Chronic low-grade inflammation in MS affects iron metabolism leading to anemia. Tissue hypoxia that results from the anemic condition seems to be a major causative factor for the exacerbation of several microvascular and macrovascular components of T2DM, which include diabetic neuropathy, nephropathy, retinopathy, and cardiovascular complications. In obesity, anemia leads to malabsorption of micronutrients and can complicate the management of the condition by bariatric surgery. Anemia interferes with the diagnosis and management of T2DM, obesity, dyslipidemia, or hypertension due to its effect on pathological tests as well as medications. Since anemia in MS is multifaceted, the management of anemia is challenging as overcorrection of anemia with erythropoietin-stimulating agents can cause detrimental effects. These limitations necessitate availability of an effective and safe therapy that can maintain and elevate the hemoglobin levels along with maintaining the physiological balance of other systems. This review discusses the physiological links between anemia and MS along with diagnosis and management strategies in patients with coexistence of anemia and MS. (Cite this article as: Kalra S, Coetzee A, Kalra PA, Saldana JR, Kilov G. Rubrometabolic Syndrome. Minerva Endocrinol 2023;48:59-75. DOI: 10.23736/S2724-6507.20.03353-2)
Maternal BMI and nutritional status in early pregnancy and its impact on neonatal outcomes at birth in Bangladesh; Background To assess the maternal characteristics and nutritional status according to body mass index (BMI) at 6-14 weeks of gestation and to examine the relationship between maternal nutritional status in early pregnancy and its impact on neonatal birth weight. Methods The investigation was conducted from April 2011 to June 2012 in Dhaka, Bangladesh. A total of 498 primigravida pregnant women participated in the study; women with known diabetes or previous gestational diabetes (GDM) were excluded. Maternal demographic details, pregnancy history and anthropometric measurements were obtained from the mother at the recruitment (6-14 weeks), 2nd visit between 24 and 28 week of gestation and 3rd visit at delivery. Cord venous blood samples of newborns (n = 138) were collected immediately after delivery for blood glucose, insulin, lipid profile, leptin and micronutrients including serum folate, ferritin, homocysteine, vitamin D, and vitamin B12. Results The prevalence at 6-14 weeks of pregnancy of anemia (Hb, < 11 g/dl), vitamin D deficiency (< 30 nmol/l), vitamin B12 deficiency (< 200 pg/ml), high homocysteine level (> 15 mu mol/l), folate deficiency (< 3 ng/ml) and iron deficiency (ferritin < 13 ng/ml) were 19.5, 46.4, 15.1, 1.2, 0.4, and 12.7% respectively. GDM was found in 18.4% women. The prevalence of GDM was higher in overweight women (28.1%) than underweight (16.7%) and normal weight women (16.0%: p < 0.05). The incidence of low birth weight (LBW) and preterm delivery were 11.6 and 5.8% respectively and was not related to maternal BMI at 6-14 weeks of pregnancy. Maternal height was positively (p = 0.02), and homocysteine was negatively associated with neonatal birth weight (p = 0.02). In addition, the newborn's cord serum folate was positively (p = 0.03) and cord triglyceride was negatively (p = 0.03) associated with neonatal birth weight. Conclusion Multiple maternal micronutrient deficiencies were present in early pregnancy. Maternal BMI in early pregnancy was not related to preterm deliveries or LBW. LBW was associated with lower folate, elevated cord triglyceride concentrations of the neonates and mother's height and increase in maternal homocysteine levels. The data has important implications for pregnancy care in Bangladesh and other similar communities.
Maternal metabolic adaptations to pregnancy among young women in Cebu, Philippines; ObjectivesEvidence that fetal development has long-term impacts on health has increased interest in maternal-fetal nutrient exchange. Although maternal metabolism is known to change during gestation to accommodate fetal nutrient demands, little is known about these modifications outside of a Western, clinical context. This study characterizes maternal metabolic adaptations to pregnancy, and their associations with offspring birth weight (BW), among women living in the Philippines. METHODSFasting glucose, triglycerides, insulin, leptin, and adiponectin were assessed in 808 participants in the Cebu Longitudinal Health and Nutrition Survey (Metropolitan Cebu, Philippines). Cross-sectional relationships between metabolites and hormones and gestational and lactational status were evaluated. Among the subset of currently pregnant women, associations between maternal glucose and triglycerides and offspring BW were also examined. RESULTSWomen in their second and third trimesters had significantly lower fasting glucose and adiponectin compared to nulliparous women, and leptin levels and triglyceride levels were notably higher late in pregnancy (all P<.05). Among pregnant women, fasting glucose was a positive predictor of offspring BW, but only in males (P=.012, R-2=.28). Hormones and metabolites in post-partum women trend back toward levels found in nulliparous women, with some differences by breastfeeding status. CONCLUSIONSWe find evidence for marked changes in maternal lipid and carbohydrate metabolism during pregnancy, consistent with known adaptations to support fetal growth. The finding of sex-specific relationships between maternal glucose and offspring BW adds to evidence for greater impacts of the maternal-gestational environment on biology and health in male offspring.
Induction of Vaginal Birth After Cesarean Using Intracervical Foley Bulb; C.M.. a 26-year-old gravida 2 para 1001, had an intrauterine pregnancy dated by last menstrual period and confirmed with a 10-week ultrasound. Her obstetric history was significant for diet-controlled gestational diabetes and a history of primary low transverse cesarean delivery. Her cesarean delivery (five years prior) was performed for non-reassuring fetal status remote from delivery. She had no other risk factors. When she entered care with the midwifery practice, C.M. expressed her strong desire for a vaginal birth after cesarean (VBAC). The midwife thoroughly counseled her on the risks and benefits of a trial of labor (TOL) with her history of a cesarean delivery. After thorough discussion with her partner, C.M. reaffirmed her desire to attempt a VBAC. The midwife then discussed C.M.'s history and current status with the consulting physician, and C.M. was deemed an acceptable candidate for trial of labor. By 41.3 weeks' gestation, C.M. still had not spontaneously begun labor, and because the plan was to have a repeat cesarean delivery if she had not entered into spontaneous labor before 42 weeks' gestation, C.M. approached her midwife regarding alternatives. She was 2 cm/50% effaced/-2 station/vertex (Bishop's score of 5). The estimated fetal weight was 3900 g. The midwife and consulting obstetrician jointly developed a plan for labor induction. The plan included admission to labor and delivery, signed consent to cesarean delivery and anesthesia if necessary to manage an emergent situation, insertion of a saline lock, and intracervical placement of a 50-mL Foley bulb. C.M.'s agreement with this plan included the understanding that if cervical ripening did not occur as a result of the Foley bulb placement and/or she did not enter labor, a cesarean delivery would be performed. C.M. was admitted at 7:30 PM with mild, irregular uterine contractions, and fetal heart tones were reassuring. During manual examination using sterile technique, the midwife threaded a 26 French Foley catheter through the cervical os up into the lower uterine segment, and the bulb was then inflated with 50 mL of sterile water. Tension was then applied to the catheter from the proximal end and secured to the patient's thigh in such a manner as to provide constant tension on the bulb. At 9:30 PM, spontaneous rupture of membranes occurred, and the Foley bulb was spontaneously expelled. By 2:12 AM the following day, the cervical exam was 6 cm/80% effaced/-1 station. At 5:15 AM, the exam was 7 to 8 cm/80% effaced/-1 station. By 6:10 AM, C.M. reported feeling pressure, and an exam revealed 10 cm/100% effaced/+2 station. C.M. began nondirected pushing with excellent effort, and at 6:28 AM she had a spontaneous vaginal delivery of a 4540-g male, with Apgar scores of 8 and 9 at I and 5 minutes, respectively. C.M. did not require pain medication or an epidural during labor. She used frequent position changes and ambulation, with her midwife at bedside to monitor and provide support. She took in clear liquids as desired. She was monitored continuously in labor, as per institutional protocol, and the fetal heart rate tracing was reassuring throughout.
Postpartum obesity and weight gain among human immunodeficiency virus-infected and human immunodeficiency virus-uninfected women in South Africa; In South Africa, up to 40% of pregnant women are living with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), and 30-45% are obese. However, little is known about the dual burden of HIV and obesity in the postpartum period. In a cohort of HIV-uninfected and HIV-infected pregnant women initiating antiretroviral therapy in Cape Town, South Africa, we examined maternal anthropometry (weight and body mass index [BMI]) from 6 weeks through 12 months postpartum. Using multinomial logistic regression, we estimated associations between baseline sociodemographic, clinical, behavioural, and HIV factors and being overweight-obese I (BMI 25 to <35), or obese II-III (BMI >35), compared with being underweight or normal weight (BMI <25), at 12 months postpartum. Among 877 women, we estimated that 43% of HIV-infected women and 51% of HIV-uninfected women were obese I-III at enrollment into antenatal care, and 51% of women were obese I-III by 12 months postpartum. On average, both HIV-infected and HIV-uninfected women gained, rather than lost, weight between 6 weeks and 12 months postpartum, but HIV-uninfected women gained more weight (3.3 kg vs. 1.7 kg). Women who were obese I-III pre-pregnancy were more likely to gain weight postpartum. In multivariable analyses, HIV-infection status, being married/cohabitating, higher gravidity, and high blood pressure were independently associated with being obese II-III at 12 months postpartum. Obesity during pregnancy is a growing public health concern in low- and middle-income countries, including South Africa. Additional research to understand how obesity and HIV infection affect maternal and child health outcomes is urgently needed.
Considering Intrauterine Location in a Model of Fetal Growth Restriction After Maternal Titanium Dioxide Nanoparticle Inhalation; Fetal growth restriction (FGR) is a condition with several underlying etiologies including gestational disease (e.g., preeclampsia, gestational diabetes) and xenobiotic exposure (e.g., environmental contaminants, pharmaceuticals, recreational drugs). Rodent models allow study of FGR pathogenesis. However, given the multiparous rodent pregnancy, fetal growth variability within uterine horns may arise. To ascertain whether intrauterine position is a determinant of fetal growth, we redesigned fetal weight analysis to include litter size and maternal weight. Our FGR model is produced by exposing pregnant Sprague Dawley rats to aerosolized titanium dioxide nanoparticles at 9.44 +/- 0.26 mg/m(3) on gestational day (GD) 4, GD 12 or GD 17 or 9.53 +/- 1.01 mg/m(3) between GD 4-GD 19. In this study fetal weight data was reorganized by intrauterine location (i.e., right/left uterine horn and ovarian/middle/vaginal position) and normalized by maternal weight and number of feti per uterine horn. A significant difference in fetal weight in the middle location in controls (0.061 g +/- 0.001 vs. 0.055 g +/- 0.002), GD 4 (0.033 g +/- 0.003 vs. 0.049 g +/- 0.004), and GD 17 (0.047 g +/- 0.002 vs. 0.038 g +/- 0.002) exposed animals was identified. Additionally, GD 4 exposure produced significantly smaller feti in the right uterine horn at the ovarian end (0.052 g +/- 0.003 vs. 0.029 g +/- 0.003) and middle of the right uterine horn (0.060 g +/- 0.001 vs. 0.033 g +/- 0.003). GD 17 exposure produced significantly smaller feti in the left uterine horn middle location (0.055g +/- 0.002 vs. 0.033 +/- 0.002). Placental weights were unaffected, and placental efficiency was reduced in the right uterine horn middle location after GD 17 exposure (5.74 g +/- 0.16 vs. 5.09 g +/- 0.14). These findings identified: (1) differences in fetal weight of controls between the right and left horns in the middle position, and (2) differential effects of single whole-body pulmonary exposure to titanium dioxide nanoparticles on fetal weight by position and window of maternal exposure. In conclusion, these results indicate that consideration for intrauterine position, maternal weight, and number of feti per horn provides a more sensitive assessment of FGR from rodent reproductive and developmental studies.
Associations of Maternal Dietary Patterns during Pregnancy with Offspring Adiposity from Birth Until 54 Months of Age; Most studies linking maternal diet with offspring adiposity have focused on single nutrients or foods, but a dietary pattern approach is more representative of the overall diet. We thus aimed to investigate the relations between maternal dietary patterns and offspring adiposity in a multi-ethnic Asian mother-offspring cohort in Singapore. We derived maternal dietary patterns using maternal dietary intake information at 26-28 weeks of gestation, of which associations with offspring body mass index (BMI), abdominal circumference (AC), subscapular skinfold (SS), and triceps skinfold (TS) were assessed using longitudinal data analysis (linear mixed effects (LME)) and multiple linear regression at ages 0, 3, 6, 9, 12, 15, 18, 24, 36, 48, and 54 months. Three dietary patterns were derived: (1) vegetables-fruit-and-white rice (VFR); (2) seafood-and-noodles (SfN); and (3) pasta-cheese-and-bread (PCB). In the LME model adjusting for potential confounders, each standard deviation (SD) increase in maternal VFR pattern score was associated with 0.09 mm lower offspring TS. Individual time-point analysis additionally revealed that higher VFR score was generally associated with lower postnatal offspring BMI z-score, TS, SS, and sum of skinfolds (SS + TS) at ages 18 months and older. Maternal adherence to a dietary pattern characterized by higher intakes of fruit and vegetables and lower intakes of fast food was associated with lower offspring adiposity.
Diabetes in Sub Saharan Africa 1999-2011: Epidemiology and public health implications. a systematic review; Background: Diabetes prevalence is increasing globally, and Sub-Saharan Africa is no exception. With diverse health challenges, health authorities in Sub-Saharan Africa and international donors need robust data on the epidemiology and impact of diabetes in order to plan and prioritise their health programmes. This paper aims to provide a comprehensive and up-to-date review of the epidemiological trends and public health implications of diabetes in Sub-Saharan Africa. Methods: We conducted a systematic literature review of papers published on diabetes in Sub-Saharan Africa 1999-March 2011, providing data on diabetes prevalence, outcomes (chronic complications, infections, and mortality), access to diagnosis and care and economic impact. Results: Type 2 diabetes accounts for well over 90% of diabetes in Sub-Saharan Africa, and population prevalence proportions ranged from 1% in rural Uganda to 12% in urban Kenya. Reported type 1 diabetes prevalence was low and ranged from 4 per 100,000 in Mozambique to 12 per 100,000 in Zambia. Gestational diabetes prevalence varied from 0% in Tanzania to 9% in Ethiopia. Proportions of patients with diabetic complications ranged from 7-63% for retinopathy, 27-66% for neuropathy, and 10-83% for microalbuminuria. Diabetes is likely to increase the risk of several important infections in the region, including tuberculosis, pneumonia and sepsis. Meanwhile, antiviral treatment for HIV increases the risk of obesity and insulin resistance. Five-year mortality proportions of patients with diabetes varied from 4-57%. Screening studies identified high proportions (> 40%) with previously undiagnosed diabetes, and low levels of adequate glucose control among previously diagnosed diabetics. Barriers to accessing diagnosis and treatment included a lack of diagnostic tools and glucose monitoring equipment and high cost of diabetes treatment. The total annual cost of diabetes in the region was estimated at US$67.03 billion, or US$8836 per diabetic patient. Conclusion: Diabetes exerts a significant burden in the region, and this is expected to increase. Many diabetic patients face significant challenges accessing diagnosis and treatment, which contributes to the high mortality and prevalence of complications observed. The significant interactions between diabetes and important infectious diseases highlight the need and opportunity for health planners to develop integrated responses to communicable and non-communicable diseases.
A review of advances in black carbon exposure assessment and health effects; Air pollution exposure is a critical risk factor for global premature mortality, with 60% of air pollution related deaths attributed to atmospheric particles. Black carbon (BC), a crucial component of atmospheric particles, is known as a contributor to climate change because of its light absorption properties. It is primarily formed from the incomplete combustion of fossil fuels and biomass, with transportation acting as a major source in urban areas. China currently faces the highest anthropogenic emissions and exposure levels of BC in the world. In recent years, BC has garnered widespread attention due to its adverse health effects and global warming potential. Recent research suggests that BC may have more significant health effects than other components in fine particles (PM2.5, particulate matter with aerodynamic diameter <= 2.5 mu m) due to its unique physical and chemical properties. The large specific surface area of BC enables the absorption of toxic and hazardous substances such as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and dioxins, enhancing its redox activity and toxicity. However, the extent of the health effects of BC appears inconsistent within the literature and studies suffer from inaccurate assessment of exposure, measurement errors, and limited intervention focused studies. Given the health implications of BC and the existing knowledge gap, it is necessary to summarize previous epidemiological studies in order to advance the scientific understanding of the health implications of BC. This study reviews 37 papers published in SCI journals since 2005. Other relevant findings in Chinese and English literature are included. The objective is to present an up-to-date overview of the research on the health effects of BC by reviewing a diverse range of study designs, exposure assessment methods, and epidemiological studies conducted both domestically and internationally. The spatial and temporal variation of anthropogenic BC emissions is large because of its complicated emission sources and meteorological conditions. Current epidemiological investigations primarily employ modeling techniques such as land use regression and spatio-temporal interpolation to estimate long-term exposure levels of BC. For short-term exposure assessments, offline filter sampling and online BC monitors are frequently employed. Inaccurate assessment of exposure results in inaccuracies in current epidemiological studies. In terms of adverse health effects of BC, most studies focus on the respiratory, cardiovascular, and nervous systems. The health effects associated with BC encompass a wide range of issues, including decreased lung function, respiratory inflammation, elevated blood pressure, atherosclerosis, cognitive impairment, visual decline, as well as other adverse outcomes. Additionally, BC exposure demonstrates significant associations with increased hospital admissions, emergency department visits, and deaths related to various diseases. Recent investigations have also revealed that BC inhaled during pregnancy could cross the placental barrier, resulting in health effects such as gestational diabetes for the mother and low birthweight for the child. Studies have revealed significant associations between BC exposure and adverse health effects across the reviewed literature. While numerous epidemiological studies have been conducted with relatively consistent findings, substantial uncertainty remains regarding the health effects of BC. We advocate for a requirement of routine monitoring of atmospheric BC concentrations and an increase in intervention focused studies, not only to advance investigations into the effects of BC on health, but ultimately to facilitate the development of effective control policies. Such endeavors will provide essential evidence for more comprehensive and in-depth investigations into the dual impacts of BC on climate change and human health.
The Influence of Prenatal Exercise on Offspring Health: A Review; Research has continued to demonstrate that exercise during pregnancy is safe. Growing evidence supports that exercise during pregnancy is beneficial for mother and fetus during gestation, with benefits persisting for the child into adulthood. Regardless of income or socioeconomic status, exercise during pregnancy is associated with increased incidence of full-term delivery. Additionally, normalization of birth measures, such as birth weight, occurs when women perform regular exercise throughout gestation. Measures of growth and development further indicate that exercise during pregnancy does not harm and may stimulate healthy growth throughout childhood. Measures of cognition and intelligence demonstrate that exercise during pregnancy causes no harm and may be beneficial. Overall, the benefits of exercise during pregnancy decrease the risk of chronic disease for both mother and child.
Pregnancy and Fertility Following Bariatric Surgery A Systematic Review; Context Use of bariatric surgery has increased dramatically during the past 10 years, particularly among women of reproductive age. Objectives To estimate bariatric surgery rates among women aged 18 to 45 years and to assess the published literature on pregnancy outcomes and fertility after surgery. Evidence Acquisition Search of the Nationwide Inpatient Sample ( 1998- 2005) and multiple electronic databases ( Medline, EMBASE, Controlled Clinical Trials Register Database, and the Cochrane Database of Reviews of Effectiveness) to identify articles published between 1985 and February 2008 on bariatric surgery among women of reproductive age. Search terms included bariatric procedures, fertility, contraception, pregnancy, and nutritional deficiencies. Information was abstracted about study design, fertility, and nutritional, neonatal, and pregnancy outcomes after surgery. Evidence Synthesis Of 260 screened articles, 75 were included. Women aged 18 to 45 years accounted for 49% of all patients undergoing bariatric surgery ( > 50 000 cases annually for the 3 most recent years). Three matched cohort studies showed lower maternal complication rates after bariatric surgery than in obese women without bariatric surgery, or rates approaching those of nonobese controls. In 1 matched cohort study that compared maternal complication rates in women after laparoscopic adjustable gastric band surgery with obese women without surgery, rates of gestational diabetes ( 0% vs 22.1%, P <. 05) and preeclampsia ( 0% vs 3.1%, P <. 05) were lower in the bariatric surgery group. Findings were supported by 13 other bariatric cohort studies. Neonatal outcomes were similar or better after surgery compared with obese women without laparoscopic adjustable gastric band surgery ( 7.7% vs 7.1% for premature delivery; 7.7% vs 10.6% for low birth weight, P <. 05; 7.7% vs 14.6% for macrosomia, P <. 05). No differences in neonatal outcomes were found after gastric bypass compared with nonobese controls ( 26.3%- 26.9% vs 22.4%- 20.2% for premature delivery, P= not reported [ 1 study] and P=. 43 [ 1 study]; 7.7% vs 9.0% for low birth weight, P= not reported [ 1 study]; and 0% vs 2.6%- 4.3% for macrosomia, P= not reported [ 1 study and P=. 28 [ 1 study]). Findings were supported by 10 other studies. Studies regarding nutrition, fertility, cesarean delivery, and contraception were limited. Conclusion Rates of many adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes may be lower in women who become pregnant after having had bariatric surgery compared with rates in pregnant women who are obese; however, further data are needed from rigorously designed studies.
The effect of an exercise program in pregnancy on vitamin D status among healthy, pregnant Norwegian women: a randomized controlled trial; BackgroundVitamin D insufficiency is common in pregnant women worldwide. Regular prenatal exercise is considered beneficial for maternal and fetal health. There is a knowledge gap regarding the impact of prenatal exercise on maternal vitamin D levels.The objective of this study was to investigate whether a prenatal exercise program influenced serum levels of total, free and bioavailable 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) and related parameters. This is a post hoc analysis of a randomized controlled trial with gestational diabetes as the primary outcome.MethodsHealthy, pregnant women from two Norwegian cities (Trondheim and Stavanger) were randomly assigned to a 12-week moderate-intensity exercise program (Borg perceived rating scale 13-14) or standard prenatal care. The intervention group (n=429) underwent exercise at least three times weekly; one supervised group training and two home based sessions. The controls (n=426) received standard prenatal care, and exercising was not denied. Training diaries and group training was used to promote compliance and evaluate adherence. Serum levels of 25(OH)D, parathyroid hormone, calcium, phosphate, magnesium and vitamin D-binding protein were measured before (18-22weeks gestation) and after the intervention (32-36weeks gestation). Free and bioavailable 25(OH)D concentrations were calculated. Regression analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) was applied to assess the effect of the training regime on each substance with pre-intervention levels as covariates. In a second model, we also adjusted for study site and sampling month. Intention-to-treat principle was used.ResultsA total of 724 women completed the study. No between-group difference in serum 25(OH)D and related parameters was identified by ANCOVA using baseline serum levels as covariates. The second model revealed a between-group difference in levels of 25(OH)D (1.9, 95% CI 0.0 to 3.8nmol/L; p=0.048), free 25(OH)D (0.55, 95% CI 0.10 to 0.99pmol/L; p=0.017) and bioavailable 25(OH)D (0.15 95% CI 0.01 to 0.29nmol/L; p=0.036). No serious adverse events related to regular exercise were seen.ConclusionThis study, a post hoc analysis, indicates that exercise may affect vitamin D status positively, and emphasizes that women with uncomplicated pregnancies should be encouraged to perform regular exercise.Trial registrationClinicalTrials.gov: NCT00476567, registered May 22, 2007.
A survey on the level of awareness of people with university education in Yasuj from type 2 diabetes in 2017; Introduction and goal: Diabetes mellitus is a group of metabolic disorders that hyperglycemia is a common symptom. Diabetes mellitus is divided into 2 types of type 1diabetes and type 2 diabetes. Type 2 diabetes is caused by several causes, including insulin resistance, insufficient insulin secretion, and extra glucose production by the liver. Among the risk factors fortype 2 arediabetes : familial history of diabetes, over weight, lack of mobility, history of gestational diabetes, high blood pressure, low HDL levels, polycystic ovarian syndrome, history of cardio-vascular disease. Increasing the level of general information about type 2 diabetes will have a direct relationship with improving community health and improving patients and reducing the complications of the disease. In Iran, public awareness about diabetes and its complications are not ideal. In addition to increasing the prevalence of illness in the coming years, late complications of the disease were such as cardiovascular events, stroke, ocular complications, renal complications, amputation of limbs and spinal cord injuries. Therefore, we considered the study of people with university education in Yasuj city, because they are expected to have a high level of knowledge about chronic diseases, such as diabetes, and because still a study that show the status of knowledge about diabetes among people with university education in yasuj city has not be done, Therefore, the aim of this study was to investigate the awareness of people with university education in Yasuj city, in relation totype 2diabetes, in order to develop educational programs based on their findings, if necessary, and to increase the level of knowledge of this group about the occurrence or progression of diabetes mellitus prevention. The aim of this study was to determine the level of awareness of people with university education in Yasuj regarding to type 2diabetes, based on gender, age, education, marital status and family history. Materials and Methods: Our study was a descriptive cross-sectional study in Yasuj, Iran, in 1995. The population of this study was 650 people with university education in Yasuj, which is a multi-stage sampling that was entered randomly in the final step. The questionnaire was also given to the subjects, and in the scoring of those who score from 1 to 30, they will have a low level of knowledge, a score of 30-36 have average knowledge and a score of 60 to 100 will be good. Data were analyzed by SPSS 21 using Chi-square test. Results: The results of this study were analyzed by Chi-square test that between the ages of 21-30, 62% of the well-informed, aged 31-40 years old, had a good 79.2% awareness, and between the ages of 41 and 50, about 84% had a good awareness and between 51 and 60 years of age. Therefore, according to this test there is a significant relationship between different age groups and awareness (P value = 0.000). Conclusion: According to this study, the knowledge of type 2 diabetes with age, marital status, and related education is influenced by these factors, but gender, family history, is unaffected by consciousness.
Maternal diet patterns during early pregnancy in relation to neonatal outcomes; Background: Research has established that maternal diet influences fetal growth and preterm birth, but most studies only evaluate single nutrients. Relations between dietary patterns and neonatal outcomes are understudied. Objective: We evaluated associations of neonatal outcomes with maternal diet patterns derived using 3 a priori diet scores [Alternative Healthy Eating Index-2010 (AHEI-2010), alternate Mediterranean diet score (aMed). and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)] as well as principal components analysis (PCA). Methods: We studied 1948 women from the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Fetal Growth Studies-Singletons, a racially diverse multisite cohort of pregnant women in the USA (2009-2013). Diet in the past 3 mo was assessed using a self-administered FFQ at 8-13 weeks of gestation. Birthweight was abstracted from medical records and neonatal anthropometry measured postdelivery using standardized protocols. Results: All 3 a priori scores were significantly associated with increased birthweight, and aMed was also associated with reduced odds of low birthweight [quartile 4 versus 1: ORadj = 0.42; 95% Cl: 0.18, 1.00 (P-trend = 0.02)]. Greater aMed and DASH scores were significantly associated with increased length [aMed: quartile 4 versus 1: 0.54 cm; 95% CI: 0.10. 0.99 (P-trend = 0.006); DASH: quartile 4 versus 1: 0.62 cm; 95% CI: 0.25, 0.99 (P-trend = 0.006)] and upper arm length. Neither diet pattern derived from PCA was significantly associated with birthweight. Conclusion: Among mostly low-risk pregnant women, pre- and early pregnancy healthful diet quality indices, particularly the aMed score, were associated with larger neonatal size across the entire birthweight distribution. In the absence of generally accepted pregnancy-specific diet quality scores, these results provide evidence for an association between maternal diet patterns and neonatal outcomes.
Effects of Chronic and Intermittent Calorie Restriction on Adropin Levels in Breast Cancer; Adropin is a peptide hormone that has been implicated in insulin resistance and as a potential regulator of growth. The aim of this study is to determine the effect of calorie restriction on circulating levels of adropin in the MMTV-TGF breast cancer mouse model and investigate the effects of adropin peptide on the viability of MCF-7 and MDA-231 breast cancer cells in culture. Ten-week-old mice were assigned to either ad libitum-fed (AL), chronic calorie-restricted, or intermittent calorie-restricted groups. Concentrations of serum adropin were measured using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Results showed an inverse correlation between serum adropin levels and mouse age that was attenuated by calorie restriction. In the AL group the level of adropin was significantly lower at week 50 compared to levels at week 10. However, among the calorie-restricted groups, serum levels of adropin remained high at week 50. The cell-line-specific effects were observed after treatment of cancer cell lines with a series of adropin concentrations (5, 10, 25, 50ng/mL). Flow cytometry analysis showed that MCF-7 cells entered the early phase of apoptosis after treatment with 50ng/mL for 24h. Adropin may be involved in the protective effects that calorie restriction has on breast cancer risk.
The influence of prenatal exercise and pre-eclampsia on maternal vascular function; During healthy pregnancy, the cardiovascular system undergoes diverse adaptations to support adequate transfer of oxygen and nutrients from mother to fetus. In order to accommodate the large expansion of blood volume and associated cardiac output, the structure, mechanics, and function of the arteries are altered. Specifically, in healthy pregnancy there is a remodeling of arteries (increased angiogenesis and vasodilation), a generalized reduction in arterial stiffness (increased compliance), and an enhanced endothelial function. The development of pregnancy complications, specifically pre-eclampsia, is associated with poor placentation (decreased angiogenesis), increased arterial stiffness, and vascular dysfunction (reduced endothelial function). Many of the positive adaptations that occur in healthy pregnancy are enhanced in response to chronic exercise. Specifically, placental angiogenesis and endothelial function have been shown to improve to a greater extent in women who are active during their pregnancy compared with those who are not. Prenatal exercise may be important in helping to reduce the risk of vascular dysfunction in pregnancy. However, our knowledge of the vascular adaptations resulting from maternal exercise is limited. This review highlights maternal vascular adaptations occurring during healthy pregnancy, and contrasts the vascular maladaptation associated with pre-eclampsia. Finally, we discuss the role of prenatal exercise on vascular function in the potential prevention of vascular complications associated with pre-eclampsia.
Priority nutrients to address malnutrition and diet-related diseases in Australia and New Zealand; Background The double burden of malnutrition and diet-related disease has been attributed to diets high in ultra-processed and discretionary foods, with increased sugars, saturated fats, and sodium, and insufficient dietary fibre. There is a limited understanding of the role of other macronutrients and micronutrients.Objective Determine the highest priority nutrients to address both malnutrition and diet-related disease in Australia and New Zealand, for each demographic group and the total population.Methods A novel four-step methodological approach was undertaken to identify: 1. Demographic (age-sex) groups; 2. Health priorities; 3. Potential nutrients based on inadequacy, increased requirements, and health priority association; and 4. Priority nutrients. Nutrient intake data was obtained from the most recent Australian and New Zealand nutrition surveys. Health priorities were based on national statistical data and expert consultation. High-level scientific literature (systematic reviews) was scoped for associations with health priorities and the suitability of recommended intakes. A quantitative scoring matrix was developed and used to determine the highest priority nutrients, with scoring over three domains: extent of inadequacy; consensus for increased requirements; and degree of association with health priorities.Results Nutritional inadequacies were common, with 22 of 31 essential nutrients consumed below recommended levels. Nine priority nutrients were identified across the demographic groups, with each demographic group characterised by a specific subset of these. Six nutrients were highest priority within the total population: vitamin D, calcium, omega-3 fatty acids, magnesium, folate, dietary fibre.Conclusion The extent of nutritional inadequacies in Australia and New Zealand is high, both within each demographic group and the entire population, relative to both recommended intakes and key health outcomes. The methodology can be applied to other countries and globally. Findings make a significant contribution to understanding the nutrients to prioritise in future-proofing the health of the Australian and New Zealand populations. Guidelines and policies can target priority nutrients to address the malnutrition and diet-related disease double burden.
Maternal Mortality in the United States: Trends and Opportunities for Prevention; Maternal mortality is unusually high in the United States compared to other wealthy nations and is characterized by major disparities in race/ethnicity, geography, and socioeconomic factors. Similar to other developed nations, the United States has seen a shift in the underlying causes of pregnancyrelated death, with a relative increase in mortality resulting from diseases of the cardiovascular system and preexisting medical conditions. Improved continuity of care aimed at identifying reproductive-age women with preexisting conditions that may heighten the risk of maternal death, preconception management of risk factors for major adverse pregnancy outcomes, and primary care visits within the first year after delivery may offer opportunities to address gaps in medical care contributing to the unacceptable rates of maternal mortality in the United States.
Do changing levels of maternal exercise during pregnancy affect neonatal adiposity? Secondary analysis of the babies after SCOPE: evaluating the longitudinal impact using neurological and nutritional endpoints (BASELINE) birth cohort (Cork, Ireland); Objective To investigate whether changing levels of exercise during pregnancy are related to altered neonatal adiposity. Design Secondary analysis of data from a prospective cohort study. Setting Cork, Ireland. Participants 1200 mother-infant pairs recruited as part of a prospective birth cohort, Babies After SCOPE: Evaluating the Longitudinal Impact Using Neurological and Nutritional Endpoints (BASELINE). Main outcome measures Neonatal adiposity was assessed within several days of birth using air displacement plethysmography (PEAPOD). Per cent body fat (BF%) as a continuous outcome and a pair of dichotomous variables; high or low adiposity, representing BF% >90th or <10th centile, respectively. Multivariable linear and logistic regression models were used to investigate the relationship between exercise and the respective outcomes. Results Crude analysis revealed no association between a changing level of exercise (since becoming pregnant) at 15 weeks' gestation and any of the outcomes (BF%, low adiposity and high adiposity). At 20 weeks' gestation, analyses revealed that relative to women who do not change their exercise level up to 20 weeks, those women who decreased their exercise level were more likely to give birth to a neonate with adiposity above the 90th centile (OR 1.62, 95% CI 1.07 to 2.46). This association was maintained after adjustment for putative confounders (OR 1.62, 95% CI 1.06 to 2.47). Conclusions We observed a possible critical period for the association between changing exercise levels and neonatal adiposity, with no association observed with exercise recall for the first 15 weeks of gestation, but an association with a decreasing level of exercise between 15 and 20 weeks. These results should be interpreted in line with the limitations of the study and further studies utilising objectively measured estimates of exercise are required in order to replicate these findings.
In sickness and in health: The functional role of extracellular vesicles in physiology and pathology in vivo Part II: Pathology; It is clear from Part I of this series that extracellular vesicles (EVs) play a critical role in maintaining the homeostasis of most, if not all, normal physiological systems. However, the majority of our knowledge about EV signalling has come from studying them in disease. Indeed, EVs have consistently been associated with propagating disease pathophysiology. The analysis of EVs in biofluids, obtained in the clinic, has been an essential of the work to improve our understanding of their role in disease. However, to interfere with EV signalling for therapeutic gain, a more fundamental understanding of the mechanisms by which they contribute to pathogenic processes is required. Only by discovering how the EV populations in different biofluids change-size, number, and physicochemical composition-in clinical samples, may we then begin to unravel their functional roles in translational models in vitro and in vivo, which can then feedback to the clinic. In Part II of this review series, the functional role of EVs in pathology and disease will be discussed, with a focus on in vivo evidence and their potential to be used as both biomarkers and points of therapeutic intervention.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Future Metabolic Syndrome; Background: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is associated with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), and preterm birth (PTB), but it is unclear whether this association is due to the pregnancy complication(s) or prepregnancy/early pregnancy confounders. The study examines the association of GDM, HDP, and PTB with MetS 2-7 years later, independent of early pregnancy factors.Materials and Methods: Large, diverse cohort of nulliparous pregnant people with singleton gestations enrolled during their first trimester and who attended a follow-up study visit 2-7 years after delivery. The longitudinal cohort was recruited from eight medical centers across the United States. Using standardized protocols, anthropometry, biospecimens, and surveys were collected at study visits and pregnancy outcomes were abstracted from medical records. We estimated the relative risk of prevalent MetS at the follow-up study visit for participants with GDM, HDP, or PTB (vs. no complications), adjusting for early pregnancy age, body mass index, self-reported race/ethnicity, insurance type, and smoking status.Results: Of 4,402 participants, 738 (16.8%) had MetS at follow-up: 13.1% (441/3,365) among those with no complications, and 27.9% (290/1,002) among those with complications. MetS occurred in 39.0% of GDM (73/187, adjusted relative risk [aRR] = 1.75; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.42-2.16); 29.2% of HDP (176/603, aRR = 1.49; 95% CI 1.27-1.75); and 29.7% of PTB (113/380, aRR = 1.78; 95% CI 1.49-2.12). Those who had both HDP and PTB (n = 113) had an aRR = 1.95 (95% CI 1.50-2.54).Conclusions: People whose pregnancies were complicated by GDM, HDP, or PTB are at a higher risk of MetS within 2-7 years after delivery, independent of early pregnancy risk factors. The highest MetS risk follows pregnancies complicated by both HDP and PTB.
Mobile Health Applications for Prenatal Assessment and Monitoring; Background: A mobile health application is an exciting, fast-paced domain that is likely to improve prenatal care. Methods: In this narrative review, we summarise the use of mobile health applications in this setting with a special emphasis on both the benefits of remote monitoring devices and the potential pitfalls of their use, highlighting the need for robust regulations and guidelines before their widespread introduction into prenatal care. Results: Remote monitoring devices for four areas of prenatal care are reported: (1) cardio-tocography; (2) blood glucose levels; (3) blood pressure; and (4) prenatal ultrasound. The majority of publications are pilot projects on remote consultation, education, coaching, screening, monitoring and selective booking, mostly reporting potential medical and/or economic benefits by mobile health applications over conventional care for very specific situations, indications and locations, but not always generalizable. Conclusions: Despite the potential advantages of these devices, some caution must be taken when implementing this technology into routine daily practice. To date, the majority of published research on mobile health in the prenatal setting consists of observational studies and there is a need for high-quality randomized controlled trials to confirm the reported clinical and economic benefits as well as the safety of this technology. There is also a need for guidance and governance on the development and validation of new apps and devices and for the implementation of mobile health technology into healthcare systems in both high and low-income settings. Finally, digital communication technologies offer perspectives towards exploration and development of the very new domain of tele-pharmacology.
Gestational weight gain below recommendations and adverse maternal and child health outcomes for pregnancies with overweight or obesity: a United States cohort study; Background: The current Institute of Medicine (IOM) pregnancy weight gain guidelines were developed using the best available evidence but were limited by substantial knowledge gaps. Some have raised concern that the guidelines for individuals affected by overweight or obesity are too high and contribute to short- and long-term complications for the mother and child. Objectives: To determine the association between pregnancy weight gain below the lower limit of the current IOM recommendations and risk of 10 adverse maternal and child health outcomes among individuals with overweight and obesity. Methods: We used data from a prospective cohort study of United States nulliparae with prepregnancy overweight (n = 955) or obesity (n = 897) followed from the first trimester to 2-7 y postpartum. We used multivariable Poisson regression to relate pregnancy weight gain z-scores with a severity-weighted composite outcome consisting of >1 of 10 adverse outcomes (gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, unplanned cesarean delivery, maternal postpartum weight increase >10 kg, maternal postpartum metabolic syndrome, infant death, stillbirth, preterm birth, small-for-gestational age birth, and childhood obesity). Results: Pregnancy weight gain z-scores below, within, and above the IOM-recommended ranges occurred in 5%, 13%, and 80% of pregnancies with overweight and 17%, 13%, and 70% of pregnancies with obesity. There was a positive association between pregnancy weight gain z-scores and all adverse maternal outcomes, childhood obesity, and the composite outcome. Pregnancy weight gain z-scores below the lower limit of the recommended ranges (<6.8 kg for overweight, <5 kg for obesity) were not associated with the severity-weighted composite outcome. For example, compared with the lower limit, adjusted rate ratios (95% confidence interval) for z-scores of-2 standard deviations in pregnancies with overweight (equivalent to 3.6 kg at 40 wk) and obesity (-2.8 kg at 40 wk) were 0.99 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.91, 1.06) and 0.97 (95% CI: 0.87, 1.07). Conclusions: These findings support arguments to decrease the lower limit of recommended weight gain ranges in these prepregnancy body mass index groups.
Comparison of Multivariable Logistic Regression and Other Machine Learning Algorithms for Prognostic Prediction Studies in Pregnancy Care: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: Predictions in pregnancy care are complex because of interactions among multiple factors. Hence, pregnancy outcomes are not easily predicted by a single predictor using only one algorithm or modeling method. Objective: This study aims to review and compare the predictive performances between logistic regression (LR) and other machine learning algorithms for developing or validating a multivariable prognostic prediction model for pregnancy care to inform clinicians' decision making. Methods: Research articles from MEDLINE, Scopus, Web of Science, and Google Scholar were reviewed following several guidelines for a prognostic prediction study, including a risk of bias (ROB) assessment. We report the results based on the PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses) guidelines. Studies were primarily framed as PICOTS (population, index, comparator, outcomes, timing, and setting): Population: men or women in procreative management, pregnant women, and fetuses or newborns; Index: multivariable prognostic prediction models using non-LR algorithms for risk classification to inform clinicians' decision making; Comparator: the models applying an LR; Outcomes: pregnancy-related outcomes of procreation or pregnancy outcomes for pregnant women and fetuses or newborns; Timing: pre-, inter-, and peripregnancy periods (predictors), at the pregnancy, delivery, and either puerperal or neonatal period (outcome), and either short- or long-term prognoses (time interval); and Setting: primary care or hospital. The results were synthesized by reporting study characteristics and ROBs and by random effects modeling of the difference of the logit area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of each non-LR model compared with the LR model for the same pregnancy outcomes. We also reported between-study heterogeneity by using tau(2) and I-2. Results: Of the 2093 records, we included 142 studies for the systematic review and 62 studies for a meta-analysis. Most prediction models used LR (92/142, 64.8%) and artificial neural networks (20/142, 14.1%) among non-LR algorithms. Only 16.9% (24/142) of studies had a low ROB. A total of 2 non-LR algorithms from low ROB studies significantly outperformed LR. The first algorithm was a random forest for preterm delivery (logit AUROC 2.51, 95% CI 1.49-3.53; I-2=86%; tau(2)=0.77) and pre-eclampsia (logit AUROC 1.2, 95% CI 0.72-1.67; I-2=75%; tau(2)=0.09). The second algorithm was gradient boosting for cesarean section (logit AUROC 2.26, 95% CI 1.39-3.13; I-2=75%; tau(2)=0.43) and gestational diabetes (logit AUROC 1.03, 95% CI 0.69-1.37; I-2=83%; tau(2)=0.07). Conclusions: Prediction models with the best performances across studies were not necessarily those that used LR but also used random forest and gradient boosting that also performed well. We recommend a reanalysis of existing LR models for several pregnancy outcomes by comparing them with those algorithms that apply standard guidelines.
Adiponectin multimers in maternal plasma; Objective. Adiponectin is an anti-diabetic, anti-atherogenic, anti-inflammatory, and angiogenic adipokine that circulates in oligomeric complexes including: low molecular weight (LMW) trimers, medium molecular weight (MMW) hexamers, and high molecular weight (HMW) isoforms. The aim of this study was to determine whether there are changes in adiponectin multimers in pregnancy and as a function of maternal weight. Study design. In this cross-sectional study, plasma concentrations of total, HMW, MMW, and LMW adiponectin were determined in women included in three groups: (1) normal pregnant women of normal body mass index (BMI) (n=466), (2) overweight pregnant women (BMI 25; n=257), and (3) non-pregnant women of normal weight (n=40). Blood samples were collected once from each woman between 11 and 42 weeks of gestation. Plasma adiponectin multimer concentrations were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Non-parametric statistics were used for analysis. Results. (1) The median HMW adiponectin concentration and the median HMW/total adiponectin ratio were significantly higher, and the median LMW adiponectin concentration was significantly lower in pregnant women than in non-pregnant women. (2) Among pregnant women, the median plasma concentration of total, HMW, and MMW adiponectin was significantly higher in normal weight women than in overweight patients. (3) Maternal HMW was the most prevalent adiponectin multimer regardless of gestational age or BMI status. (4) There were no significant differences in the median concentration of total, MMW, and LMW adiponectin and their relative distribution with advancing gestation. Conclusion. Human pregnancy is characterized by quantitative and qualitative changes in adiponectin multimers, especially the most active isoform, HMW adiponectin.
Impact of Nutrition and Physical Activity Interventions Provided by Nutrition and Exercise Practitioners for the Adult General Population: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Healthy dietary intake and physical activity reduce the risk of non-communicable diseases. This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to examine the effect of interventions including both nutrition and physical activity provided by nutrition and exercise practitioners for adults in the general population (those without diagnosed disease). The MEDLINE, CINAHL, Cochrane Central, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews and SportDiscus databases were searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published from 2010 until April 2021. Outcomes included physical activity, fruit and vegetable intake, waist circumference, percent weight loss, quality of life (QoL) and adverse events. Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) methods were used to synthesize and grade evidence. Meta-analyses were stratified according to participant health status. The database search identified 11,205 articles, and 31 RCTs were included. Interventions increased physical activity amount [standardized mean difference (SMD) (95% CI): 0.25 (0.08, 0.43)] (low certainty evidence); increased vegetable intake [SMD (95% CI): 0.14 (0.05, 0.23)] (moderate certainty evidence); reduced waist circumference [MD (95% CI): -2.16 cm (-2.96, -1.36)] (high certainty evidence); and increased likelihood of achieving 5% weight loss for adults with overweight and obesity [relative risk (95% CI): 2.37 (1.76, 3.19)] (high certainty evidence). Very low and low certainty evidence described little-to-no effect on QoL or adverse events. Nutrition and exercise practitioners play key roles in facilitating positive lifestyle behaviors to reduce cardiometabolic disease risk in adults.
Challenges in Conducting Clinical Trials for Preeclampsia; Purpose of ReviewTo review recent data describing the challenges and innovations in therapeutic research focused on the prevention and treatment of preeclampsia.Recent FindingsPregnant individuals have traditionally been excluded from therapeutic research, resulting in a paucity of innovation in therapeutics for pregnancy-specific medical conditions, especially preeclampsia. With the increased awareness of maternal morbidity and mortality, there is significant interest among researchers to expand therapeutic research in pregnancy. Several medications, including aspirin, pravastatin, metformin, and esomeprazole, which are commonly used in non-pregnant populations, are now being investigated for preeclampsia prevention. However, given the historic precedent of exclusion, along with the regulatory, ethical, and feasibility concerns that accompany this population, the study of these and novel medications has been complicated by numerous challenges.SummaryWhile complex, and laden with challenges, there is great ongoing need for therapeutic research to address preeclampsia. Aspirin, pravastatin, metformin, and esomeprazole have all shown promise as potential therapeutic agents; however, their use remains to be optimized, and innovative therapeutics need to be developed.
Insulin resistance: Risk factors, diagnostic approaches and mathematical models for clinical practice, epidemiological studies, and beyond; Insulin resistance (IR) is a multifactorial metabolic disorder associated with the development of cardiometabolic syndrome, cardiovascular diseases and obesity. Factors such as inflammation, hyperinsulinemia, hyper-glucagonemia, mitochondrial dysfunction, glucotoxicity and lipotoxicity contribute to the development of IR. Despite being extensively studied for over 60 years, assessing the incidence of IR, developing effective prevention strategies, and implementing appropriate therapeutic approaches remain challenging. This review explores the multifaceted nature of IR, including its association with various conditions such as obesity, primary hyperten-sion, dyslipidemia, obstructive sleep apnea, Alzheimer's disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, chronic kidney disease and cancer. Additionally, we discuss the complexity of diagnosing and quantifying IR, emphasizing the lack of absolute, common criteria for classification. We delve into the use of mathematical models in clinical and epidemiological studies, focusing on the choice between insulin, tri-glycerides, or waist-to-hip ratio as IR determinants. Furthermore, we highlight the importance of reliable input data and caution in interpreting results when utilizing mathematical models for IR assessment. This narrative review aims to provide insights into the challenges and considerations involved in conducting IR diagnostics, with implications for clinical practice, epidemiological research, and future advancements in this field.
Individual, Independent, and Joint Associations of Toxic Metals and Manganese on Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy: Results from the MIREC Canadian Pregnancy Cohort; BACKGROUND: Toxic metals, such as lead (Pb), cadmium (Cd), arsenic (As), and mercury (Hg), may be associated with a higher risk of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, whereas manganese (Mn) is an essential metal that may be protective. OBJECTIVES: We estimated the individual, independent, and joint associations of Pb, Cd, As, Hg, and Mn on the risk of developing gestational hypertension and preeclampsia in a cohort of Canadian women. METHODS: Metal concentrations were analyzed in first and third trimester maternal blood (n = 1,560). We measured blood pressure after 20 wk gestation to diagnose gestational hypertension, whereas proteinuria and other complications defined preeclampsia. We estimated individual and independent (adjusted for coexposure) relative risks (RRs) for each doubling of metal concentrations and examined interactions between toxic metals and Mn. We used quantile g-computation to estimate the joint effect of trimester-specific exposures. RESULTS: Each doubling of third trimester Pb (RR =1.54; 95% CI: 1.06, 2.22) and first trimester blood As (RR =1.25; 95% CI: 1.01, 1.58) was independently associated with a higher risk of developing preeclampsia. First trimester blood As (RR = 3.40; 95% CI: 1.40, 8.28) and Mn (RR = 0.63; 95% CI: 0.42, 0.94) concentrations were associated with a higher and lower risk, respectively, of developing gestational hypertension. Mn modified the association with As such that the deleterious association with As was stronger at lower concentrations of Mn. First trimester urinary dimethylarsinic acid concentrations were not associated with gestational hypertension (RR = 1.31; 95% CI: 0.60, 2.85) or preeclampsia (RR = 0.92; 95% CI: 0.68, 1.24). We did not observe overall joint effects for blood metals. DISCUSSION: Our results confirm that even low blood Pb concentrations are a risk factor for preeclampsia. Women with higher blood As concentrations combined with lower Mn in early pregnancy were more likely to develop gestational hypertension. These pregnancy complications impact maternal and neonatal health. Understanding the contribution of toxic metals and Mn is of public health importance. https://doi.org/10.1289/EHP10825
Implications of maternal conditions and pregnancy course on offspring's medical problems in adult life; In the last decade, numerous epidemiological, clinical and experimental data show that periconceptional, perinatal and postnatal environment determines the offspring's risk for later-life chronic disease. For this phenomenon, the term "fetal" or "perinatal programming" is used. In exposed offspring already in childhood and early adulthood, metabolic and cardiovascular changes can be observed, leading to obesity, diabetes and hypertension. Nowadays, the mode of conception (e.g., in vitro fertilization), maternal metabolic conditions (e.g., undernutrition, overnutrition, diabetes) and complications during pregnancy (e.g., preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction) are suspected to be negative predictors for offspring's long-term health. Mechanisms responsible for these effects still remain mainly unclear, but include epigenetic, transcriptional, endoplasmic reticulum stress, and reactive oxygen species. This review presents a piece of the puzzle with regards to periconceptional and early perinatal conditions determining later-life risk for chronic adult disease.
Medical problems during pregnancy; Dramatic physiologic changes are part of normal human pregnancy. The physiologic alterations of pregnancy have the potential to affect chronic diseases, to unmask subclinical conditions, or to alter the presentation and course of newly acquired illnesses. An update in selected topics of obstetric medicine follows, focusing on clinical entities in which there have been significant advances in diagnosis or management. Additionally, reviews of selected medical disorders, such as I-W infection and asthma, that are rising in incidence in women of reproductive age are included.
The effects of a maternal advanced glycation end product-rich diet on somatic features, reflex ontogeny and metabolic parameters of offspring mice; Maternal exposure to a Western type diet during pregnancy might predispose the offspring to manifestation of metabolic and behavioral disturbances in later life. The Western type diet contains large amounts of advanced glycation end products (AGEs). In humans and experimental rodents, the intake of an AGE-rich diet (AGE-RD) negatively affected glucose homeostasis, and initiated the production of reactive oxygen species. Rats consuming the AGE-RD presented changes in behavior. It remains unclear whether maternal intake of the AGE-RD might affect developmental plasticity in offspring. We examined early somatic (weight, incisor eruption, ear unfolding, and eye opening) and neuromotor development, oxidative status, insulin sensitivity (HOMA index) and locomotor activity assessed in PhenoTyper cages in the offspring of mice fed during pregnancy with either the AGE-RD (25% bread crusts/75% control chow) or control chow. Until weaning, the somatic development of offspring did not differ between the two dietary groups. The AGE-RD offspring manifested physiological reflexes (auditory startle, eye lid, ear twitch and righting reflexes) earlier. As young adults, the male offspring of the AGE-RD dams were heavier and less insulin sensitive compared with their control counterparts. The AGE-RD offspring showed higher locomotor activity during the active phase. Our data indicate that the maternal AGE-RD during pregnancy might accelerate the maturation of reflexes in offspring, predispose the male progeny to weight gain and affect their glucose homeostasis. These effects manifest without the direct consumption of the AGE-RD by offspring. Further work is needed to determine the mechanisms by which the maternal AGE-RD affects neurobehavioral pathways in offspring, as well as sex differences in adverse metabolic responses.
Current Treatment Strategies, Complications and Considerations for the Use of HIV Antiretroviral Therapy during Pregnancy; The global prevalence of HIV infection in the female population presents a significant healthcare burden in terms of mother-to-child transmission (MTCT) of the disease. This review aims to discuss current trends and treatment guidelines for the use of antiretroviral therapy during pregnancy and associated complications in this population. Historically, antiretroviral monotherapy with zidovudine was commonly used for preventing MTCT, and monotherapy with single-dose nevirapine is still used for prevention in resource-limited settings. Evidence suggests that combination therapy with HAART is a more effective treatment option than monotherapy when managing HIV in pregnant women. Current treatment guidelines recommend the use of HAART with a protease inhibitor (PI) or a nonnucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) plus two nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NATI) as first-line therapy for the management of HIV infection in pregnant women and for preventing MTCT. Complications associated with the use of antiretroviral therapy during pregnancy should be taken into consideration when selecting a new antiretroviral regimen, or when continuing certain antiretroviral regimens in HIV-infected women who become pregnant while on therapy. NNRTI have been associated with severe and sometimes fatal hepatoxicity in some pregnant women and potentially teratogenic side effects in the fetus, and their use raises concerns regarding the development of drug- and class-resistant mutations. PI-based HAART has been associated with an increased risk of adverse effects such as premature delivery, low birth weight, dyslipidemia, glucose intolerance, and lipodystrophy. Despite this, initiating antiretroviral therapy with a PI plus two NRTI may become the preferred treatment option in pregnant women. Many of the side effects associated with PI were more prevalent when older PI and PI-based regimens that included those in combination with thymidine analog NRTI were used. An individual's history and baseline clinical and laboratory parameters should also be taken into consideration when choosing the most appropriate antiretroviral regimen during pregnancy. (AIDS Rev. 2011;13:198-213)
Associations between Maternal Dietary Patterns and Perinatal Outcomes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Cohort Studies; The aim was to systematically review and meta-analyze prospective cohort studies investigating the relation between maternal dietary patterns during pregnancy with pregnancy and birth outcomes. PubMed, Scopus, and ISI Web of Science were searched from inception until October 2019 for eligible studies. Studies reporting relative risk, ORs, or incidences (for binary data) or means +/- SDs or B-coefficients (for continuous outcomes) comparing the highest and lowest adherence with maternal dietary patterns were included. Dietary patterns were categorized as "healthy," "unhealthy," or "mixed." No language restrictions were applied. Study-specific effect sizes with SEs for outcomes of interest were pooled using a random-effects model. Quality of evidence was assessed using Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE). Sixty-six relevant publications were included. A higher maternal adherence to a healthy diet was associated with a reduced risk of gestational hypertension (14%, P < 0.001), maternal depression (40%, P = 0.004), low birth weight (28%, P = 0.001), preterm birth (56%, P < 0.001), higher gestational weight gain (Hedges' g: 0.15; P = 0.01), and birth weight (Hedges' g: 0.19; P = 0.007). Higher maternal adherence to an unhealthy or a mixed diet was associated with higher odds of gestational hypertension (23%, P < 0.001 for unhealthy, and 8%, P = 0.01 for mixed diet). In stratified analyses, a higher healthy eating index was associated with reduced odds of being large based on gestational age (31%, P = 0.02) and a higher head circumference at birth (0.23 cm, P = 0.02). The Mediterranean and "prudent" dietary patterns were related to lower odds of being small based on gestational age (46%, P = 0.04) and preterm birth (52%, P = 0.03), respectively. The overall GRADE quality of the evidence for most associations was low or very low, indicating that future high-quality research is warranted.
Gestational age at birth and body size from infancy through adolescence: An individual participant data meta-analysis on 253,810 singletons in 16 birth cohort studies; Background Preterm birth is the leading cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality and is associated with adverse developmental and long-term health outcomes, including several cardiometabolic risk factors and outcomes. However, evidence about the association of preterm birth with later body size derives mainly from studies using birth weight as a proxy of prematurity rather than an actual length of gestation. We investigated the association of gestational age (GA) at birth with body size from infancy through adolescence. Methods and findings We conducted a two-stage individual participant data (IPD) meta-analysis using data from 253,810 mother-child dyads from 16 general population-based cohort studies in Europe (Denmark, Finland, France, Italy, Norway, Portugal, Spain, the Netherlands, United Kingdom), North America (Canada), and Australasia (Australia) to estimate the association of GA with body mass index (BMI) and overweight (including obesity) adjusted for the following maternal characteristics as potential confounders: education, height, prepregnancy BMI, ethnic background, parity, smoking during pregnancy, age at child's birth, gestational diabetes and hypertension, and preeclampsia. Pregnancy and birth cohort studies from the LifeCycle and the EUCAN-Connect projects were invited and were eligible for inclusion if they had information on GA and minimum one measurement of BMI between infancy and adolescence. Using a federated analytical tool (DataSHIELD), we fitted linear and logistic regression models in each cohort separately with a complete-case approach and combined the regression estimates and standard errors through random-effects study-level meta-analysis providing an overall effect estimate at early infancy (>0.0 to 0.5 years), late infancy (>0.5 to 2.0 years), early childhood (>2.0 to 5.0 years), mid-childhood (>5.0 to 9.0 years), late childhood (>9.0 to 14.0 years), and adolescence (>14.0 to 19.0 years). GA was positively associated with BMI in the first decade of life, with the greatest increase in mean BMI z-score during early infancy (0.02, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.00; 0.05, p < 0.05) per week of increase in GA, while in adolescence, preterm individuals reached similar levels of BMI (0.00, 95% CI: -0.01; 0.01, p 0.9) as term counterparts. The association between GA and overweight revealed a similar pattern of association with an increase in odds ratio (OR) of overweight from late infancy through mid-childhood (OR 1.01 to 1.02) per week increase in GA. By adolescence, however, GA was slightly negatively associated with the risk of overweight (OR 0.98 [95% CI: 0.97; 1.00], p 0.1) per week of increase in GA. Although based on only four cohorts (n = 32,089) that reached the age of adolescence, data suggest that individuals born very preterm may be at increased odds of overweight (OR 1.46 [95% CI: 1.03; 2.08], p < 0.05) compared with term counterparts. Findings were consistent across cohorts and sensitivity analyses despite considerable heterogeneity in cohort characteristics. However, residual confounding may be a limitation in this study, while findings may be less generalisable to settings in low- and middle-income countries. Conclusions This study based on data from infancy through adolescence from 16 cohort studies found that GA may be important for body size in infancy, but the strength of association attenuates consistently with age. By adolescence, preterm individuals have on average a similar mean BMI to peers born at term.
The clinical content of preconception care: women with chronic medical conditions; This article reviews the medical conditions that are associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes for women and their offspring. We also present the degree to which specific preconception interventions and treatments can impact the effects of the condition on birth outcomes. Because avoiding, delaying, or achieving optimal timing of a pregnancy is often an important component of the preconception care of women with medical conditions, contraceptive considerations particular to the medical conditions are also presented.
Review: Is rapid fat accumulation in early life associated with adverse later health outcomes?; This review discusses ways in which the maternal environment and placental function affect the birth weight and adult health outcomes of offspring. These maternal and placental factors have varying and sometimes opposing effects on birth weight, resulting in infants that are born small for gestational age (SGA), large for gestational age (LGA) or preterm. However, all these alterations in weight have similar effects on adult health, increasing the risk of obesity and its associated cardiovascular and metabolic disorders. While birth weight has been used as a marker for risk of adverse adult health, we propose that a common feature of all these scenarios early accumulation of excess body fat may be a better marker than birth weight alone. Furthermore, altered neonatal fat accumulation may be more closely related to the mechanism by which maternal environment and placental adaptation mediate effects on adult health. We suggest that more research should be focussed on early fat accretion, factors that promote fat accretion and if it can be avoided, and whether it would be beneficial to try to reduce fat accumulation in early life. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Autoimmune Disease in Women: Endocrine Transition and Risk Across the Lifespan; Women have a higher incidence and prevalence of autoimmune diseases than men, and 85% or more patients of multiple autoimmune diseases are female. Women undergo sweeping endocrinological changes at least twice during their lifetime, puberty and menopause, with many women undergoing an additional transition: pregnancy, which may or may not be accompanied by breastfeeding. These endocrinological transitions exert significant effects on the immune system due to interactions between the hormonal milieu, innate, and adaptive immune systems as well as pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines, and thereby modulate the susceptibility of women to autoimmune diseases. Conversely, pre-existing autoimmune diseases themselves impact endocrine transitions. Concentration-dependent effects of estrogen on the immune system; the role of progesterone, androgens, leptin, oxytocin, and prolactin; and the interplay between Th1 and Th2 immune responses together maintain a delicate balance between host defense, immunological tolerance and autoimmunity. In this review, multiple autoimmune diseases have been analyzed in the context of each of the three endocrinological transitions in women. We provide evidence from human epidemiological data and animal studies that endocrine transitions exert profound impact on the development of autoimmune diseases in women through complex mechanisms. Greater understanding of endocrine transitions and their role in autoimmune diseases could aid in prediction, prevention, and cures of these debilitating diseases in women.
A Systematic Review of Methods and Practice for Integrating Maternal, Fetal, and Child Health Outcomes, and Family Spillover Effects into Cost-Utility Analyses; Background Maternal-perinatal interventions delivered during pregnancy or childbirth have unique characteristics that impact the health-related quality of life (HRQoL) of the mother, fetus, and newborn child. However, maternal-perinatal cost-utility analyses (CUAs) often only consider either maternal or child health outcomes. Challenges include, but are not limited to, measuring fetal, newborn, and infant health outcomes, and assessing their impact on maternal HRQoL. It is also important to recognize the impact of maternal-perinatal health on family members' HRQoL (i.e., family spillover effects) and to incorporate these effects in maternal-perinatal CUAs.Objective The aim was to systematically review the methods used to include health outcomes of pregnant women, fetuses, and children and to incorporate family spillover effects in maternal-perinatal CUAs.Methods A literature search was conducted in Medline, Embase, EconLit, Cochrane Collection, Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), International Network of Agencies for Health Technology Assessment (INAHTA), and the Pediatric Economic Database Evaluation (PEDE) databases from inception to 2020 to identify maternal-perinatal CUAs that included health outcomes for pregnant women, fetuses, and/or children. The search was updated to December 2022 using PEDE. Data describing how the health outcomes of mothers, fetuses, and children were measured, incorporated, and reported along with the data on family spillover effects were extracted.Results Out of 174 maternal-perinatal CUAs identified, 62 considered the health outcomes of pregnant women, and children. Among the 54 quality-adjusted life year (QALY)-based CUAs, 12 included fetal health outcomes, the impact of fetal loss on mothers' HRQoL, and the impact of neonatal demise on mothers' HRQoL. Four studies considered fetal health outcomes and the effects of fetal loss on mothers' HRQoL. One study included fetal health outcomes and the impact of neonatal demise on maternal HRQoL. Furthermore, six studies considered the impact of neonatal demise on maternal HRQoL, while four included fetal health outcomes. One study included the impact of fetal loss on maternal HRQoL. The remaining 26 only included the health outcomes of pregnant women and children. Among the eight disability-adjusted life year (DALY)-based CUAs, two measured fetal health outcomes. Out of 174 studies, only one study included family spillover effects. The most common measurement approach was to measure the health outcomes of pregnant women and children separately. Various approaches were used to assess fetal losses in terms of QALYs or DALYs and their impact on HRQoL of mothers. The most common integration approach was to sum the QALYs or DALYs for pregnant women and children. Most studies reported combined QALYs and incremental QALYs, or DALYs and incremental DALYs, at the family level for pregnant women and children.Conclusions Approximately one-third of maternal-perinatal CUAs included the health outcomes of pregnant women, fetuses, and/or children. Future CUAs of maternal-perinatal interventions, conducted from a societal perspective, should aim to incorporate health outcomes for mothers, fetuses, and children when appropriate. The various approaches used within these CUAs highlight the need for standardized measurement and integration methods, potentially leading to rigorous and standardized inclusion practices, providing higher-quality evidence to better inform decision-makers about the costs and benefits of maternal-perinatal interventions. Health Technology Assessment agencies may consider providing guidance for interventions affecting future lives in future updates.
Insulin Sensitivity Following Exercise Interventions: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Outcomes Among Healthy Adults; Objective: Although exercise can improve insulin sensitivity, no adequate synthesis exists of exercise intervention studies with regard to their effect on insulin sensitivity. This comprehensive meta-analysis synthesized the insulin sensitivity outcomes of supervised exercise interventions. Method: Extensive literature searching located published and unpublished intervention studies that measured insulin sensitivity outcomes. Eligible studies tested supervised exercise interventions among healthy adults. Primary study characteristics and results were coded. Random-effects meta-analyses of standardized mean differences included moderator analyses. Results: Data were synthesized across 2509 subjects (115 samples, 78 reports). The overall mean effect size for 2-group postintervention comparisons was 0.38 (95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.25-0.51, I-2 = 0%) and for 2-group pre-post comparisons was 0.43 (95% CI = 0.30-0.56, I-2 = 52%; higher mean insulin sensitivity for treatment than control subjects). The postintervention mean of 0.38 is consistent with treatment subjects ending studies with a mean fasting insulin of 6.8 mU/L if control participants' mean fasting insulin were 7.9 mU/L. Exploratory moderator analyses did not document different insulin sensitivity effect sizes across intervention characteristics or sample attributes. Conclusion: This study documented that exercise is a valuable primary care and community health strategy for healthy adults to improve insulin sensitivity and lower the risk for diabetes conferred by insulin resistance.
Fetomaternal Expression of Glucose Transporters (GLUTs)-Biochemical, Cellular and Clinical Aspects; Several types of specialized glucose transporters (GLUTs) provide constant glucose transport from the maternal circulation to the developing fetus through the placental barrier from the early stages of pregnancy. GLUT1 is a prominent protein isoform that regulates placental glucose transfer via glucose-facilitated diffusion. The GLUT1 membrane protein density and permeability of the syncytial basal membrane (BM) are the main factors limiting the rate of glucose diffusion in the fetomaternal compartment in physiological conditions. Besides GLUT1, the GLUT3 and GLUT4 isoforms are widely expressed across the human placenta. Numerous medical conditions and molecules, such as hormones, adipokines, and xenobiotics, alter the GLUT's mRNA and protein expression. Diabetes upregulates the BM GLUT's density and promotes fetomaternal glucose transport, leading to excessive fetal growth. However, most studies have found no between-group differences in GLUTs' placental expression in macrosomic and normal control pregnancies. The fetomaternal GLUTs expression may also be influenced by several other conditions, such as chronic hypoxia, preeclampsia, and intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy.
Toward a unifying concept on perinatal programming: <i>Vegetative imprinting</i> by environment-dependent biocybernetogenesis; Life is a process of permanent environment-dependent development. Developmental origins of health and disease are framed throughout life but are particularly sustainable if shaped during critical periods of early life. This fundamental principle has a long history, but it was hidden in a niche during the past decades of gene myopia in biomedicine. Fortunately, the field meanwhile prospers enormously, but there still seems to be a lack of a general, overall concept that fulfills practicable semantic purposes and covers the whole spectrum of phenomena and underlying mechanisms, appropriately. Attempting a synthesizing, general concept and semantics it is proposed here that "adaptive, predictive responses" (APRs) during critical developmental periods in pre- and early postnatal life lead to a perinatal programming of affected life functions. In this concept, APRs are mechanistically realized by a passive epigenomic and/or microstructural conditioning of the organism, leading to a homeostatic calibration of functional and tolerance ranges at the subcellular, cellular, and up to the organismic level according to the environmental conditions experienced during critical developmental periods. This basic process of biocybernetogenesis in terms of a developmental vegetative training or learning serves to optimize the self-organization of an organism in order to cope with the environmental conditions and challenges throughout later life. Programming by APRs generally occurs normative as a basic mechanism of ontogenesis. By alterations of the pre- and neonatal environmental conditions it may become disadvantageous or even harmful for the long-term individual health and reproductive fitness, what should be called malprogramming due to dysbiocybernetogenesis. Programming or malprogramming, as basically acquired modes of function, can even pass through generations of the maternal line by offering the resultant (altered) homeostatic milieu by mothers (affected females) to the next generation in utero, and so on. Thereby, over generations all of this may even affect phylogenesis and, consequently, evolution. The most important and sustainable effects of perinatal programming occur if the main regulatory instances of the organism are affected, that is, the genome and/or the brain. Indeed, exactly this has meanwhile been shown for all fundamental life functions (metabolism, growth, and body weight regulation; stress response; immunity and neuroendocrine-immune interaction; information processing and behavior; reproduction). For instance, pre- and/or neonatal overfeeding (maternal diabetes/obesity, neonatal overfeeding/rapid neonatal weight gain) have been shown epidemiologically, clinically, and experimentally to induce epigenomic and microstructural malprogramming of the hypothalamo-adipo-pancreatic system, leading to long-term increased metabolic syndrome risk, which is then intergeneratively transmitted through the maternal line to subsequent generations but, most of all, is preventable by normalization of perinatal food supply. In summary, environment-dependent biocybernetogenesis and perinatal programming are critical and essential parts of ontogenesis, affecting health and disease risks for the whole life span in terms of a basal, initial conditioning. In biomedicine, this opens enormous chances and challenges of a genuine prophylaxis to the benefit of individuals and societies.
Early life nutrition and metabolic programming; Research investigating the early programming of adult metabolic disease has in recent years provided much mechanistic insight into how the early environment impacts on long-term health. It includes studies addressing the roles of intrauterine nutrient availability, which is determined by maternal nutrition, maternal exposure to oxygen, toxic events, and infection; the placental interface; and also the early postnatal environment. This review will explore the epidemiological evidence for programming of metabolic disease and provide an overview of the various studies using animals to model metabolic phenotypic outcome. It will also discuss evidence for the proposed molecular mechanisms and the potential for intervention.
Genetics and Epigenetics of Infertility and Treatments on Outcomes; Context: Infertility affects 10% of the reproductive-age population. Even the most successful treatments such as assisted reproductive technologies still result in failed implantation. In addition, adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with infertility have been attributed to these fertility treatments owing to the presumed epigenetic modifications of in vitro fertilization and in vitro embryo development. However, the diagnosis of infertility has been associated with adverse outcomes, and the etiologies leading to infertility have been associated with adverse pregnancy and long-term outcomes. Evidence Acquisition: We have comprehensively summarized the data available through observational, experimental, cohort, and randomized studies to better define the effect of the underlying infertility diagnosis vs the epigenetics of infertility treatments on treatment success and overall outcomes. Evidence Synthesis: Most female infertility results from polycystic ovary syndrome, endometriosis, and unexplained infertility, with some cases resulting from a polycystic ovary syndrome phenotype or underlying endometriosis. In addition to failed implantation, defective implantation can lead to problems with placentation that leads to adverse pregnancy outcomes, affecting both mother and fetus. Conclusion: Current research, although limited, has suggested that genetics and epigenetics of infertility diagnosis affects disease and overall outcomes. In addition, other fertility treatments, which also lead to adverse outcomes, are aiding in the identification of factors, including the supraphysiologic hormonal environment, that might affect the overall success and healthy outcomes for mother and child. Further studies, including genome-wide association studies, epigenomics studies, and experimental studies, are needed to better identify the factors leading to these outcomes.
Benefits and harms of antenatal and newborn screening programmes in health economic assessments: the VALENTIA systematic review and qualitative investigation; Background: Health economic assessments are used to determine whether the resources needed to generate net benefit from an antenatal or newborn screening programme, driven by multiple benefits and harms, are justifiable. It is not known what benefits and harms have been adopted by economic evaluations assessing these programmes and whether they omit benefits and harms considered important to relevant stakeholders. Objectives: (1) To identify the benefits and harms adopted by health economic assessments in this area, and to assess how they have been measured and valued; (2) to identify attributes or relevance to stakeholders that ought to be considered in future economic assessments; and (3) to make recommendations about the benefits and harms that should be considered by these studies. Design: Mixed methods combining systematic review and qualitative work. Systematic review methods: We searched the published and grey literature from January 2000 to January 2021 using all major electronic databases. Economic evaluations of an antenatal or newborn screening programme in one or more Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development countries were considered eligible. Reporting quality was assessed using the Consolidated Health Economic Evaluation Reporting Standards checklist. We identified benefits and harms using an integrative descriptive analysis and constructed a thematic framework. Qualitative methods: We conducted a meta -ethnography of the existing literature on newborn screening experiences, a secondary analysis of existing individual interviews related to antenatal or newborn screening or living with screened -for conditions, and a thematic analysis of primary data collected with stakeholders about their experiences with screening. Results: The literature searches identified 52,244 articles and reports, and 336 unique studies were included. Thematic framework resulted in seven themes: (1) diagnosis of screened for condition, (2) life -years and health status adjustments, (3) treatment, (4) long-term costs, (5) overdiagnosis, (6) pregnancy loss and (7) spillover effects on family members. Diagnosis of screened -for condition (115, 47.5%), life -years and health status adjustments (90, 37.2%) and treatment (88, 36.4%) accounted for most of the benefits and harms evaluating antenatal screening. The same themes accounted for most of the benefits and harms included in studies assessing newborn screening. Long-term costs, overdiagnosis and spillover effects tended to be ignored. The wide -reaching family implications of screening were considered important to stakeholders. We observed good overlap between the thematic framework and the qualitative evidence. Limitations: Dual data extraction within the systematic literature review was not feasible due to the large number of studies included. It was difficult to recruit healthcare professionals in the stakeholder's interviews. Conclusions: There is no consistency in the selection of benefits and harms used in health economic assessments in this area, suggesting that additional methods guidance is needed. Our proposed thematic framework can be used to guide the development of future health economic assessments evaluating antenatal and newborn screening programmes. Study registration: This study is registered as PROSPERO CRD42020165236.
Nutrition and human health from a sex-gender perspective; Nutrition exerts a life-long impact on human health, and the interaction between nutrition and health has been known for centuries. The recent literature has suggested that nutrition could differently influence the health of male and female individuals. Until the last decade of the 20th century, research on women has been neglected, and the results obtained in men have been directly translated to women in both the medicine and nutrition fields. Consequently, most modern guidelines are based on studies predominantly conducted on men. However, there are many sex-gender differences that are the result of multifactorial inputs, including gene repertoires, sex steroid hormones, and environmental factors (e.g., food components). The effects of these different inputs in male and female physiology will be different in different periods of ontogenetic development as well as during pregnancy and the ovarian cycle in females, which are also age dependent. As a result, different strategies have evolved to maintain male and female body homeostasis, which, in turn, implies that there are important differences in the bioavailability, metabolism, distribution, and elimination of foods and beverages in males and females. This article will review some of these differences underlying the impact of food components on the risk of developing diseases from a sex-gender perspective. (c) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Evidence for the intra-uterine programming of adiposity in later life; Aim: Research in animals has shown that altering foetal nutrition by under-nourishing or over-nourishing the mother or rendering her diabetic or foetal exposure to glucocorticoids and toxins can programme obesity in later life. The increased adiposity is mediated by permanent changes in appetite, food choices, physical activity and energy metabolism. In humans, increased adiposity has been shown in people who experienced foetal under-nutrition due to maternal famine or over-nutrition due to maternal diabetes. Lower birth weight (a proxy for foetal under-nutrition) is associated with a reduced adult lean mass and increased intra-abdominal fat. Higher birth-weight caused by maternal diabetes is associated with increased total fat mass and obesity in later life. There is growing evidence that maternal obesity, without diabetes, is also a risk factor for obesity in the child, due to foetal overnutrition effects. Maternal smoking is associated with an increased risk of obesity in the children, although a causal link has not been proven. Other foetal exposures associated with increased adiposity in animals include glucocorticoids and endocrine disruptors. Conclusions: Reversing the current obesity epidemic will require greater attention to, and better understanding of, these inter-generational (mother-offspring) factors that programme body composition during early development.
The health effects of soy: A reference guide for health professionals; Soy is a hotly debated and widely discussed topic in the field of nutrition. However, health practitioners may be ill-equipped to counsel clients and patients about the use of soyfoods because of the enormous, and often contradictory, amount of research that has been published over the past 30 years. As interest in plant-based diets increases, there will be increased pressure for practitioners to gain a working knowledge of this area. The purpose of this review is to provide concise literature summaries (400-500 words) along with a short perspective on the current state of knowledge of a wide range of topics related to soy, from the cholesterol-lowering effects of soy protein to the impact of isoflavones on breast cancer risk. In addition to the literature summaries, general background information on soyfoods, soy protein, and isoflavones is provided. This analysis can serve as a tool for health professionals to be used when discussing soyfoods with their clients and patients.
Dietary fibre and whole grains in diabetes management: Systematic review and meta-analyses; Background Fibre is promoted as part of a healthy dietary pattern and in diabetes management. We have considered the role of high-fibre diets on mortality and increasing fibre intake on glycaemic control and other cardiometabolic risk factors of adults with prediabetes or diabetes. Methods and findings We conducted a systematic review of published literature to identify prospective studies or controlled trials that have examined the effects of a higher fibre intake without additional dietary or other lifestyle modification in adults with prediabetes, gestational diabetes, type 1 diabetes, and type 2 diabetes. Meta-analyses were undertaken to determine the effects of higher fibre intake on all-cause and cardiovascular mortality and increasing fibre intake on glycaemic control and a range of cardiometabolic risk factors. For trials, meta regression analyses identified further variables that influenced the pooled findings. Dose response testing was undertaken; Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) protocols were followed to assess the quality of evidence. Two multicountry cohorts of 8,300 adults with type 1 or type 2 diabetes followed on average for 8.8 years and 42 trials including 1,789 adults with prediabetes, type 1, or type 2 diabetes were identified. Prospective cohort data indicate an absolute reduction of 14 fewer deaths (95% confidence interval (CI) 4-19) per 1,000 participants over the study duration, when comparing a daily dietary fibre intake of 35 g with the average intake of 19 g, with a clear dose response relationship apparent. Increased fibre intakes reduced glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c; mean difference [MD] -2.00 mmol/mol, 95% CI -3.30 to -0.71 from 33 trials), fasting plasma glucose (MD -0.56 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.73 to -0.38 from 34 trials), insulin (standardised mean difference [SMD] -2.03, 95% CI -2.92 to -1.13 from 19 trials), homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA IR; MD -1.24 mg/dL, 95% CI -1.72 to -0.76 from 9 trials), total cholesterol (MD -0.34 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.46 to -0.22 from 27 trials), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (MD-0.17 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.27 to -0.08 from 21 trials), triglycerides (MD -0.16 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.23 to -0.09 from 28 trials), body weight (MD -0.56 kg, 95% CI -0.98 to -0.13 from 18 trials), Body Mass Index (BMI; MD -0.36, 95% CI -0.55 to -0.16 from 14 trials), and C-reactive protein (SMD -2.80, 95% CI -4.52 to -1.09 from 7 trials) when compared with lower fibre diets. All trial analyses were subject to high heterogeneity. Key variables beyond increasing fibre intake were the fibre intake at baseline, the global region where the trials were conducted, and participant inclusion criteria other than diabetes type. Potential limitations were the lack of prospective cohort data in non-European countries and the lack of long-term (12 months or greater) controlled trials of increasing fibre intakes in adults with diabetes. Conclusions Higher-fibre diets are an important component of diabetes management, resulting in improvements in measures of glycaemic control, blood lipids, body weight, and inflammation, as well as a reduction in premature mortality. These benefits were not confined to any fibre type or to any type of diabetes and were apparent across the range of intakes, although greater improvements in glycaemic control were observed for those moving from low to moderate or high intakes. Based on these findings, increasing daily fibre intake by 15 g or to 35 g might be a reasonable target that would be expected to reduce risk of premature mortality in adults with diabetes.
The ADRB3 Trp64Arg variant and BMI: a meta-analysis of 44 833 individuals; Background: The beta-3 adrenergic receptor gene (ADRB3) is part of the adrenergic system, which is known to play a key role in energy metabolism. The association between the Trp64Arg variant in the ADRB3 and body mass index (BMI) has been widely examined, but previous studies have been small and results have been inconsistent. Methods: We assessed the association between the ADRB3 Trp64Arg variant and BMI in a large UK population-based cohort of 4854 middle-aged men and women. We also performed a meta-analysis of 97 studies, involving 44 833 individuals, to place our findings in context. Results: Although we found no significant difference in BMI (0.20 kg/m(2), P = 0.40) between the Trp64Trp homozygotes and Arg64 allele carriers in our UK population-based cohort, the meta-analysis showed significant association between the Arg64Trp variant and BMI, with Arg64-allele carriers having a 0.24 kg/m(2) (P = 0.0002) higher BMI compared with noncarriers. However, we also found substantial heterogeneity among the studies (P = 2.2 x 10(-14)). The difference in East Asians (0.31 kg/m(2), P = 0.001) was 3.9 times larger than that in Europeans in whom no significant association was observed (0.08 kg/m(2), P = 0.36). This was consistent with the chronological cumulative decrease in the effect size, which decreased steadily in Europeans and reached nonsignificance after 11 studies in 1996. In East Asians, the cumulative effect size decreased after the first reports, but reached a steady state at a significant effect size of 0.24 kg/m(2) in 2000. Although the funnel plot indicated no apparent publication bias, smaller studies tended to report greater differences in BMI, compared with larger studies. Conclusions: Collectively, these data suggest that the Trp64Arg ADRB3 genetic variant might be associated with BMI in East Asians, but not Europeans. More generally, our study shows the importance of meta-analyses in the field of genetic association studies for common traits. Each genetic variant makes only a small contribution to variation in BMI, and large sample sizes are needed to reliably assess and interpret gene-phenotype associations.
Interventions to reduce or prevent obesity in pregnant women: a systematic review; Background: Around 50% of women of childbearing age are either overweight [body mass index (BMI) 25-29.9 kg/m(2)] or obese (BMI >= 30 kg/m(2)). The antenatal period provides an opportunity to manage weight in pregnancy. This has the potential to reduce maternal and fetal complications associated with excess weight gain and obesity. Objectives: To evaluate the effectiveness of dietary and lifestyle interventions in reducing or preventing obesity in pregnancy and to assess the beneficial and adverse effects of the interventions on obstetric, fetal and neonatal outcomes. Data sources: Major electronic databases including MEDLINE, EMBASE, BIOSIS and Science Citation Index were searched (1950 until March 2011) to identify relevant citations. Language restrictions were not applied. Review methods: Systematic reviews of the effectiveness and harm of the interventions were carried out using a methodology in line with current recommendations. Studies that evaluated any dietary, physical activity or mixed approach intervention with the potential to influence weight change in pregnancy were included. The quality of the studies was assessed using accepted contemporary standards. Results were summarised as pooled relative risks (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (Cis) for dichotomous data. Continuous data were summarised as mean difference (MD) with standard deviation. The quality of the overall evidence synthesised for each outcome was summarised using GRADE (Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation) methodology and reported graphically as a two-dimensional chart. Results: A total of 88 studies (40 randomised and 48 non-randomised and observational studies, involving 182,139 women) evaluated the effect of weight management interventions in pregnancy on maternal and fetal outcomes. Twenty-six studies involving 468,858 women reported the adverse effect of the interventions. Meta-analysis of 30 RCTs (4503 women) showed a reduction in weight gain in the intervention group of 0.97 kg compared with the control group (95% CI 1.60 kg to 0.34 kg; p =0.003). Weightmanagement interventions overall in pregnancy resulted in a significant reduction in the incidence of pre-eclampsia (RR 0.74, 95% Cl 0.59 to 0.92; p=0.008) and shoulder dystocia (RR 0.39, 95% Cl 0.22 to 0.70; p = 0.02). Dietary interventions in pregnancy resulted in a significant decrease in the risk of pre-eclampsia (RR 0.67, 95% Cl 0.53 to 0.85; p = 0.0009), gestational hypertension (RR 0.30, 95% CI 0.10 to 0.88; p = 0.03) and preterm birth (RR 0.68, 95% CI 0.48 to 0.96; p=0.03) and showed a trend in reducing the incidence of gestational diabetes (RR 0.52, 95% Cl 0.27 to 1.03). There were no differences in the incidence of small-for-gestational-age infants between the groups (RR 0.99, 95% Cl 0.76 to 1.29). There were no significant maternal or fetal adverse effects observed for the interventions in the included trials. The overall strength of evidence for weight gain in pregnancy and birthweight was moderate for all interventions considered together. There was high-quality evidence for small-for-gestational-age infants as an outcome. The quality of evidence for all interventions on pregnancy outcomes was very low to moderate. The quality of evidence for all adverse outcomes was very low. Limitations: The included studies varied in the reporting of population, intensity, type and frequency of intervention and patient complience, limiting the interpretation of the findings. There was significant heterogeneity for the beneficial effect of diet on gestational weight gain. Conclusions: Interventions in pregnancy to manage weight result in a significant reduction in weight gain in pregnancy (evidence quality was moderate). Dietary interventions are the most effective type of intervention in pregnancy in reducing gestational weight gain and the risks of pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension and shoulder dystocia. There is no evidence of harm as a result of the dietary and physical activity-based interventions in pregnancy. Individual patient data meta-analysis is needed to provide robust evidence on the differential effect of intervention in various groups based on BMI, age, parity, socioeconomic status and medical conditions in pregnancy.
Lifestyle modification helps health care system in diabetes management; Chronic diseases including diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease, hypertension, dyslipidemia and metabolic syndrome are known as health related conditions which may affect individual's quality of life and put costs on health care system. Diabetes is a condition with glucose metabolism impairment and can be mostly categorized into three different types as following: 1) diabetes mellitus type 1, 2) diabetes mellitus type 2 and 3) gestational diabetes. However, it is suggested that in some conditions, glucose homeostasis impairment results from some other health related problems or some medications. Among these different types of diabetes, diabetes type 2 seems to be more related to lifestyle. Patients with diabetes may face difficulties in their daily life as some unpleasant side effects may occur in case of mismanagement. Diet and physical exercise, are two key components of a healthy lifestyle. It is recommended to have at least 150 minutes of moderate intensity or aerobic physical activity per week or 75 minutes of vigorous activity or combination of moderate and vigorous physical activity in order to maintain optimum health, improve metabolic condition, improve glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity. It is also recommended to replace all sedentary behaviors with other activities in order to enhance physical activity level in our daily life. Many studies have focused on the effect of various kinds of physical activity on chronic diseases, metabolism and general body health. It has been indicated that increase in physical activity level and doing exercise at least 3-5 days per week, may lead to better metabolic condition and help patients to manage their metabolic condition such as diabetes. Physical activity may have beneficial effect on body composition including body weight, body mass index (BMI), fat percent and muscle mass. It is recommended to include different types of physical activity in exercise program science body composition improvement, decrease in fat mass and increase in muscle mass are our important goals while prescribing exercise protocol, so increasing muscular strength is another important factor which should be seriously considered while adjusting exercise program. Patients with diabetes should consider to do exercise programs under specialist super vision. Here, the role of health care professionals is so important. Health care professionals will assess patient's medical condition, medication protocols, dietary pattern, family history for medical complications and exercise history and help to adjust an effective exercise program according to mentioned parameters. Moreover, patients with diabetes who want to attend an exercise program, whether recruiting online and home-based programs or participating in other kinds of physical activity such as group sports, should inform their trainer about their medical condition and medications in order to prevent any unpleasant outcomes. Beside physical activity, health dietary pattern and having a well-balanced diet seems not only provides essential nutrient for effective body function, biochemical and physiological pathways but also improves metabolism. It seems that dietary pattern and eating behavior are important and effective factors which may affect health. It has been suggested that most patients with diabetes especially diabetes type 2, have low quality diet. Dietary pattern improvements may occur if patients pay attention to their meals and snacks quality, focusing on colorful and nutrient dense food groups, having smart snacking and time table according to their medication. It is suggested to consume all of the food groups in a daily eating program, focusing on whole grains, fresh fruits and vegetables, beans, lentil, lean proteins, eggs, poultry, fish, healthy fats from nuts, seeds, vegetable oils and olive and limit processed foods, trans fats, refined carbohydrates. This dietary behavior will provide all the required nutrients, increase immune defense, improve metabolic pathways, decrease inflammation and help to improve individual's general health status. Moreover, Food immunity, food safety and health cooking behavior, should be considered for a healthy dietary pattern. Food choices are major and leading cause of metabolism related disorders, because bad food choices which usually come with unhealthy, processed and packaged foods selection will decrease nutrient density, increase calorie intake and may lead to obesity, inflammation and metabolic disturbance such as diabetes. In this way, food labeling has come to help individuals not only with mentioning the amount of nutrients contained in a product, but even with colors which indicate how healthy a food product is, for example using "green" for good food products which seems to be low in salt and fats especially saturated and trans fats, "yellow or orange" for foods that should be consumed in moderate amounts And "red" for unhealthy food products which is better to be limited in daily diet is a fast way for consumer to choose the best product. In conclusion, lifestyle indicators, emphasizing on physical activity and healthy diet should be considered as major influencing factors in diabetes incidence and its managements. A better lifestyle may have beneficial effects on medical condition and even may decrease dependency to medication. Insulin resistance is one of the major concerns in patients with diabetes type 2 which can be modified by a healthy lifestyle, as a result of insulin sensitivity improvement; the need for mega-dosage of medication may decrease, because insulin works better. It is suggested that health care system pay attention to these issues and plan for effective strategies to improve community quality of life which may cause better lifestyle, prevent from chronic diseases including diabetes and improve individuals health status. As a result of lifestyle improvement, chronic conditions may be prevented or managed better so the costs for health care system may decrease significantly. As nowadays we are facing COVID-19 pandemic which affect quality of life in many populations, recruiting effective strategies, for example using social media to transform effective recommendation about healthy lifestyle, how to increase physical activity level during lockdown and quarantine, ways to prepare healthy and nutritious meals at home and recommendations to improve family dietary habits and behaviors, seem to be effective. Further studies are needed in order to identify the best strategy for lifestyle improvement according to each community specific situation.
Screening and subsequent management for thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy for improving maternal and infant health; Background Thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy (both hyper- and hypothyroidism) is associated with increased risk of adverse outcomes for mothers and infants in the short-and long-term. Managing the thyroid dysfunction (e.g. thyroxine for hypothyroidism, or antithyroid medication for hyperthyroidism) may improve outcomes. The best method of screening to identify and subsequently manage thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy is unknown. Objectives To assess the effects of different screening methods (and subsequent management) for thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy on maternal and infant outcomes. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (14 July 2015) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials, comparing any screening method (e.g. tool, program, guideline/protocol) for detecting thyroid dysfunction (including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and/or thyroid autoimmunity) pre-pregnancy or during pregnancy with no screening, or alternative screening methods. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed eligibility of studies, extracted and checked data accuracy, and assessed the risk of bias of included studies. Main results We included two randomised controlled trials (involving 26,408 women) - these trials were considered to be at low risk of bias. Universal screening (screening all women) versus case finding (screening only those at perceived increased risk) in pregnancy for thyroid dysfunction One trial (4562 women) compared universal screening with case finding for thyroid dysfunction. Before 11 weeks' gestation, women in the universal screening group, and 'high-risk' women in the case finding group had their sera tested for TSH (thyroid stimulating hormone), fT4 (free thyroxine) and TPO-Ab (thyroid peroxidase antibody); women with hypothyroidism (TSH > 2.5 mIU/litre) received levothyroxine; women with hyperthyroidism (undetectable TSH and elevated fT4) received antithyroid medication. In regards to this review's primary outcomes, compared with the case finding group, more women in the universal screening group were diagnosed with hypothyroidism (risk ratio (RR) 3.15, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.91 to 5.20; 4562 women; GRADE: high quality evidence), with a trend towards more women being diagnosed with hyperthyroidism (RR 4.50, 95% CI 0.97 to 20.82; 4562 women; P = 0.05; GRADE: moderate quality evidence). No clear differences were seen in the risks of pre-eclampsia (RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.64 to 1.18; 4516 women; GRADE: moderate quality evidence), or preterm birth (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.24; 4516 women; GRADE: high quality evidence) between groups. This trial did not report on neurosensory disability for the infant as a child. Considering this review's secondary outcomes, more women in the universal screening group received pharmacological treatment for thyroid dysfunction (RR 3.15, 95% CI 1.91 to 5.20; 4562 women). No clear differences between groups were observed for miscarriage (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.19; 4516 women; GRADE: moderate quality evidence), fetal and neonatal death (RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.42 to 2.02; 4516 infants; GRADE: moderate quality evidence), or other secondary outcomes: pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, congestive heart failure, thyroid storm, mode of birth (caesarean section), preterm labour, placental abruption, respiratory distress syndrome, low birthweight, neonatal intensive care unit admission, or other congenital malformations. The trial did not report on a number of outcomes including adverse effects associated with the intervention. Universal screening versus no screening in pregnancy for hypothyroidism One trial (21,846 women) compared universal screening with no screening for hypothyroidism. Before 15 + 6 weeks' gestation, women in the universal screening group had their sera tested; women who screened 'positive' (TSH > 97.5th percentile, fT4 < 2.5th percentile, or both) received levothyroxine. Considering primary review outcomes, compared with the no screening group, more women in the universal screening screened 'positive' for hypothyroidism (RR 998.18, 95% CI 62.36 to 15,978.48; 21,839 women; GRADE: high quality evidence). No data were provided for the outcome pre-eclampsia, and for preterm birth, the trial reported rates of 5.6% and 7.9% for the screening and no screening groups respectively (it was unclear if these percentages related to the entire cohort or women who screened positive). No clear difference was seen for neurosensory disability for the infant as a child (three-year follow-up IQ score < 85) (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.60 to 1.22; 794 infants; GRADE: moderate quality evidence). More women in the universal screening group received pharmacological treatment for thyroid dysfunction (RR 1102.90, 95% CI 69.07 to 17,610.46; 1050 women); 10% had their dose lowered because of low TSH, high fT4 or minor side effects. No clear differences were observed for other secondary outcomes, including developmental delay/intellectual impairment at three years. Most of our secondary outcomes, including miscarriage, fetal or neonatal death were not reported. Authors' conclusions Based on the existing evidence, though universal screening for thyroid dysfunction in pregnancy increases the number of women diagnosed with hypothyroidism who can be subsequently treated, it does not clearly impact (benefit or harm) maternal and infant outcomes. While universal screening versus case finding for thyroid dysfunction increased diagnosis and subsequent treatment, we found no clear differences for the primary outcomes: pre-eclampsia or preterm birth. No clear differences were seen for secondary outcomes, including miscarriage and fetal or neonatal death; data were lacking for the primary outcome: neurosensory disability for the infant as a child, and for many secondary outcomes. Though universal screening versus no screening for hypothyroidism similarly increased diagnosis and subsequent treatment, no clear difference was seen for the primary outcome: neurosensory disability for the infant as a child (IQ < 85 at three years); data were lacking for the other primary outcomes: pre-eclampsia and preterm birth, and for the majority of secondary outcomes. For outcomes assessed using the GRADE approach the evidence was considered to be moderate or high quality, with any downgrading of the evidence based on the presence of wide confidence intervals crossing the line of no effect. More evidence is needed to assess the benefits or harms of different screening methods for thyroid dysfunction in pregnancy, on maternal, infant and child health outcomes. Future trials should assess impacts on use of health services and costs, and be adequately powered to evaluate the effects on short- and long-term outcomes.
Association of Gestational Weight Gain With Adverse Maternal and Infant Outcomes; IMPORTANCE Both low and high gestational weight gain have been associated with adverse maternal and infant outcomes, but optimal gestational weight gain remains uncertain and not well defined for all prepregnancy weight ranges. OBJECTIVES To examine the association of ranges of gestational weight gain with risk of adverse maternal and infant outcomes and estimate optimal gestational weight gain ranges across prepregnancy body mass index categories. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Individual participant-levelmeta-analysis using data from 196 670 participants within 25 cohort studies from Europe and North America (main study sample). Optimal gestational weight gain ranges were estimated for each prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) category by selecting the range of gestational weight gain that was associated with lower risk for any adverse outcome. Individual participant-level data from 3505 participants within 4 separate hospital-based cohorts were used as a validation sample. Data were collected between 1989 and 2015. The final date of follow-up was December 2015. EXPOSURES Gestational weight gain. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES The main outcome termed any adverse outcome was defined as the presence of 1 or more of the following outcomes: preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, cesarean delivery, preterm birth, and small or large size for gestational age at birth. RESULTS Of the 196 670 women (median age, 30.0 years [quartile 1 and 3, 27.0 and 33.0 years] and 40 937 were white) included in the main sample, 7809 (4.0%) were categorized at baseline as underweight (BMI < 18.5); 133 788 (68.0%), normal weight (BMI, 18.5-24.9); 38 828 (19.7%), overweight (BMI, 25.0-29.9); 11 992 (6.1%), obesity grade 1 (BMI, 30.0-34.9); 3284 (1.7%), obesity grade 2 (BMI, 35.0-39.9); and 969 (0.5%), obesity grade 3 (BMI, >= 40.0). Overall, any adverse outcome occurred in 37.2%(n = 73 161) of women, ranging from 34.7%(2706 of 7809) among women categorized as underweight to 61.1%(592 of 969) among women categorized as obesity grade 3. Optimal gestational weight gain ranges were 14.0 kg to less than 16.0 kg for women categorized as underweight; 10.0 kg to less than 18.0 kg for normal weight; 2.0 kg to less than 16.0 kg for overweight; 2.0 kg to less than 6.0 kg for obesity grade 1; weight loss or gain of 0 kg to less than 4.0 kg for obesity grade 2; and weight gain of 0 kg to less than 6.0 kg for obesity grade 3. These gestational weight gain ranges were associated with low to moderate discrimination between those with and those without adverse outcomes (range for area under the receiver operating characteristic curve, 0.55-0.76). Results for discriminative performance in the validation sample were similar to the corresponding results in the main study sample (range for area under the receiver operating characteristic curve, 0.51-0.79). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE In this meta-analysis of pooled individual participant data from 25 cohort studies, the risk for adverse maternal and infant outcomes varied by gestational weight gain and across the range of prepregnancy weights. The estimates of optimal gestational weight gain may inform prenatal counseling; however, the optimal gestational weight gain ranges had limited predictive value for the outcomes assessed.
Novel linkage and association of <i>TCF7L2</i> variants with PCOS in Italian families; OBJECTIVE: Transcription factor 7-like 2 (TCF7L2) gene variants confer risk for type 2 diabetes and metabolic traits. We investigated the role of TCF7L2-variants in polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), which is a common endocrine metabolic disorder affecting women of reproductive age. We tested whether TCF7L2 variants are in linkage to and/or in linkage disequilibrium [(LD), namely linkage and association)] with PCOS. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Within 212 families from the Italian peninsular population, we analyzed 78 variants using Pseudomarker software for linkage to and LD with PCOS under the dominant model with complete penetrance (D1). In a secondary analysis, we tested the variants under the recessive models with complete penetrance (R1), dominant with incomplete penetrance (D2), and recessive with incomplete penetrance (R2). We tested through in silico analysis the risk variants to detect any potential functional effects. RESULTS: We identified a total of 14 variants in the TCF7L2 gene significantly linked to and/or in LD with the risk of PCOS (p < 0.05) across different models. CONCLUSIONS: This study is the first to report TCF7L2 linkage and linkage disequilibrium in Italian families with PCOS.
Novel TCF7L2 familial linkage and association with Type 2 diabetes, depression, and their comorbidity; OBJECTIVE: Alterations in the activity of the transcription factor 7-like 2 (TC-F7L2) generate defects previously associated with neuropsychiatric disorders. We investigat-ed the role of the TCF7L2 gene in major depres-sive disorder (MDD), type 2 diabetes (T2D), and MDD-T2D comorbidity. We tested whether TC-F7L2 is in linkage to and/or in linkage disequi-librium (LD, namely association) with MDD, T2D, and MDD-T2D.PATIENTS AND METHODS: In 212 families with T2D and MDD in the Italian population, we analyzed 80 microarray-based SNPs using Pseudomarker software for linkage to and LD with T2D and MDD under the recessive model with complete penetrance (R1). In a secondary analysis, we tested the variants under the dom-inant models with complete penetrance (D1), re-cessive with incomplete penetrance (R2), and recessive with incomplete penetrance (R2). RESULTS: We found several novel linkage sig-nals and genetic associations. In addition, we found two new transcription-factor (TF) bind-ing sites created by two risk variants found: the MDD-risk variant rs12255179 creates a new TF-binding site for the CCAAT/enhancer-bind-ing protein alpha (C/EBP alpha), and the T2D-risk variant rs61872794 creates a new TF-binding site for the organic cation-uptake transporter (OCT1). Both new binding sites are related to insulin metab-olism.CONCLUSIONS: These results highlight the cross-interactivity between T2D and MDD. Fur-ther replication is needed in diverse ethnic groups.
