Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes: Impact on arterial wall layer thickness and stiffness in early childhood - RADIEL study six-year follow-up; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and maternal obesity are linked to weight gain in childhood and an increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life. We assessed the effects of GDM and maternal obesity on arterial function and morphology in relation to body anthropometrics and composition in early childhood. Methods: We assessed body size and composition, blood pressure (BP), arterial morphology and stiffness in 201 pairs of obese mothers (pre-pregnancy BMI 30.7 +/- 5.6 kg/m(2), 96 with GDM) and their children at 6.1 years (SD 0.5). Results: Child BMI (z-score 0.45 +/- 0.92; p < 0.001) and common carotid intima-media thickness (IMT, z-score 0.15 +/- 0.75, p=0.003) were increased compared with a healthy Finnish reference population. No associations with maternal GDM was found. Carotid IMT and pulse wave velocity were unrelated to child sex, anthropometrics, body composition, BP, as well as maternal anthropometrics and body composition. Carotid stiffness was independently predicted by second trimester fasting glucose. Child lean body mass was the strongest independent predictor for radial (RA), and brachial artery (BA) lumen diameter (LD) and BA IMT (LD: RA: r(2)=0.068, p < 0.001; BA: r(2)=0.108, p < 0.001; IMT: BA: r(2)=0.161, p < 0.001) and carotid LD (r(2)=0.066, p < 0.001). Conclusions: Children of obese mothers have increased BMI, blood pressure and carotid IMT suggesting a transgenerational effect of maternal obesity and clustering of cardiovascular risk factors in the population. Arterial dimensions were mainly predicted by child LBM, and not associated with maternal or child adiposity, or GDM. There was a weak association with maternal gestational fasting glucose and increased carotid artery stiffness.
The German Gestational Diabetes Study (PREG), a prospective multicentre cohort study: rationale, methodology and design; Introduction Even well-treated gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) might still have impact on long-term health of the mother and her offspring, although this relationship has not yet been conclusively studied. Using in-depth phenotyping of the mother and her offspring, we aim to elucidate the relationship of maternal hyperglycaemia during pregnancy and adequate treatment, and its impact on the long-term health of both mother and child. Methods The multicentre PREG study, a prospective cohort study, is designed to metabolically and phenotypically characterise women with a 75-g five-point oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during, and repeatedly after pregnancy. Outcome measures are maternal glycaemia during OGTTs, birth outcome and the health and growth development of the offspring. The children of the study participants are followed up until adulthood with developmental tests and metabolic and epigenetic phenotyping in the PREG Offspring study. A total of 800 women (600 with GDM, 200 controls) will be recruited. Ethics and dissemination The study protocol has been approved by all local ethics committees. Results will be disseminated via conference presentations and peer-reviewed publications.
Planning and decommissioning of a disused Theratron-780 teletherapy machine and the dose assessment methodology for normal and radiological emergency conditions; Diabetes is the most prevalent metabolic disturbance disease and has been regarded globally as one of the principal causes of mortality. Diabetes is accompanied by several macrovascular complications, including stroke, coronary artery disease (CAD), and cardiomyopathy as a consequence of atherosclerosis. The onset of type 2 diabetes is closely related to insulin resistance (IR). miRNAs have been linked to various metabolic processes, including glucose homeostasis, regulation of lipid metabolism, gluconeogenesis, adipogenesis, glucose trans-porter type 4 expression, insulin sensitivity, and signaling. Consequently, miRNA dysregulation mediates IR in some target organs, comprising liver, muscle, and adipose tissue. Moreover, miRNAs are crucial in developing diabetes and its associated macrovascular complications through their roles in several signaling pathways implicated in inflammation, apoptosis, cellular survival and migration, the proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells, neurogenesis, angiogenesis, autophagy, oxidative stress, cardiac remodeling, and fibrosis. There-fore, the purpose of this review is to clarify the role of miRNAs in hepatic, muscle, and adipose tissue IR and explain their roles in the pathogenesis of macrovascular diabetic complications, including stroke, CAD, and cardiomyopathy. Also, explain their roles in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Besides, this review discusses the latest updates on the alteration of miRNA expression in diabetic macrovascular complications.
Circulating concentrations of asymmetrical dimethyl-L-arginine are increased in women with previous gestational diabetes; Aims/hypothesis. The concentration of asymmetrical dimethyl-L-arginine (ADMA), an endogenous inhibitor of the nitric oxide synthase, is increased in patients at risk or with cardiovascular disease. We have investigated ADMA concentrations in women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM), who could develop endothelial dysfunction and Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus after delivery, and in healthy control subjects. Methods. Previous GDM patients were grouped according to their BMI as obese (greater than or equal to25 kg/m(2), n=46) or non-adipose (<25 kg/m(2), n=31). Serum samples were taken 14 to 16 weeks after delivery and after 1 year. The control group comprised 17 healthy women (BMI<25 kg/m(2)). ADMA concentrations were analysed by high performance liquid chromatography. Results. ADMA concentrations were comparable between obese and non-adipose GDM patients (0.58 +/- 0.02 and 0.57 +/- 0.02 mumol/l, respectively), and higher than in the control group (0.47 +/- 0.03 mumol/l; p<0.006). Insulin resistance as estimated by the insulin sensitivity index was more frequent among the obese than the non-adipose GDM women (p<0.05) and control subjects (p<0.05, both). No change in ADMA concentrations was found after 1 year in women with GDM. There was only a slight correlation between ADMA and BMI (r=0.26, p<0.02), triglycerides (r=0.29, p<0.004), or fasting plasma glucose (r=0.21, p<0.05), and not with the insulin sensitivity index or other parameters. In a multiple regression analysis ADMA serum concentrations were only associated with triglycerides. Conclusion/interpretation. Circulating ADMA concentrations are increased in normoglycaemic women with previous GDM. This increase is independent from other risk factors or surrogate markers for diabetes or cardiovascular events.
Women with a history of gestational diabetes on long-term follow up have normal vascular function despite more dysglycemia, dyslipidemia and adiposity; Aims: Previous gestational diabetes (GDM) is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes and increased metabolic risk, but the link with vascular dysfunction is not clear. This study examined vascular function in women 4-10 years after a diagnosis of GDM who had a normal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in the first postpartum year. Methods: We studied 90 women with a history of GDM and 59 age-matched controls, examining differences in insulin resistance as measured by the Homeostatic Model Assessment (HOMA-IR) and glucose responses during an OGTT, adiposity, lipid profile and Creactive protein (CRP). Using pulse wave analysis, we also measured cardiac function, vascular compliance, and systemic vascular resistance. Results: Women with a history of GDM had higher measures of adiposity (body mass index 28.9 +/- 6.5 vs. 26.6 +/- 6.9 kg/m(2), P = 0.04, waist-hip ratio 0.85 +/- 0.06 vs. 0.79 +/- 0.07, P < 0.001), dyslipidemia (LDL cholesterol 2.78 +/- 0.64 vs. 2.41 +/- 0.56 mmol/L, P < 0.001, total cholesterol: HDL cholesterol 3.93 +/- 1.2 vs. 3.21 +/- 0.82 mmol/L, P < 0.001) and abnormal glucose metabolism (50% vs. 12%, P < 0.001). However, there was no difference in CRP, HOMA-IR, or measures of cardiovascular function including pulse rate, pulse pressure, mean arterial pressure, cardiac output, systemic vascular resistance, small and large artery elasticity index. After controlling for adiposity, blood pressure, lipids and CRP, glycemic status did not contribute to vascular function. Conclusion: Despite a higher incidence of adiposity, dyslipidemia, and impaired glycemia, women with a history of GDM who had a normal postpartum OGTT did not have impaired vascular function 4-10 years postpartum, when compared to healthy controls. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Postpartum Healthcare After Gestational Diabetes and Hypertension; Background: Gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy identify women with an elevated lifetime risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Methods: Prospective cohort of women recruited from the postpartum service of a large community-based academic obstetrical hospital after delivery of a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP). Interviews were conducted, and validated surveys completed, before hospital discharge and again 3 months postpartum. Results: The study sample included 249 women: 111 with GDM, 127 with HDP, and 11 with both. Most, 230 (92.4%) had a PCP prior to pregnancy and 97 (39.0%) reported an office visit with their PCP during the prenatal period. Of the 176 (70.7%) participants who attended the 3-month study visit, 169 (96.0%) women with either diagnosis reported they had attended their 6-week postpartum visit. By the 3-month study visit, 51 (57.9%) women with GDM had completed follow-up glucose testing; 93 (97.9%) with HDP had follow-up blood pressure testing; and 101 (57.4%) with either diagnosis recalled ever having completed lipid screening. Women least likely to complete screening tests were those who had no college education, less than a high school level of health literacy, and who were not privately insured. Conclusion: There are important opportunities to improve postpartum testing for diabetes and CVD risk factor assessment. Most women were connected to primary care suggesting a "hand-off" to a primary care physician after pregnancy is feasible. More robust strategies may be needed to improve follow-up care for women with less education, lower health literacy, and those without private health insurance.
Cardiac function in offspring of women with diabetes using fetal ECG, umbilical cord blood pro-BNP, and neonatal interventricular septal thickness; Objective Increased pro-brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) concentrations in newborns of diabetic women are associated with fetal stress, and fetal ECG changes often occur in labor in diabetic women. These findings could reflect a degree of fetal cardiomyopathy. We aimed to explore possible relations between serological and morphological markers of cardiac dysfunction and abnormal changes on fetal ECGs during labor and delivery in pregnancies complicated by diabetes. Materials and methods Pregnant women with diabetes (30 type 1, nine type 2, and 60 gestational diabetes) and their newborn offspring were included prospectively. Umbilical cord blood pro-BNP concentrations were measured immediately after delivery (n= 68) and echocardiography was performed in the newborns (n = 75). Fetal ECG in combination with cardiotocography, that is STAN technology was also performed during labor. Results The concentration of umbilical cord blood proBNP was associated positively with the neonatal cardiac interventricular septal thickness (P = 0.025) and associated negatively with umbilical cord blood pH levels (P=0.036). Fetal ECG changes (STAN events) were recorded in 22 of 53 labors where STAN was used (42%). No correlation was observed between interventricular septal thickness and STAN events. Conclusion Increased umbilical cord blood pro-BNP is associated with echocardiographic signs of cardiomyopathy and with lower umbilical cord blood pH. Cardiovasc Endocrinol 2: 55-59 (C) 2013 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Sleep Duration/Quality With Health Outcomes: An Umbrella Review of Meta-Analyses of Prospective Studies; Background: To quantitatively evaluate the evidence of duration and quality of sleep as measured by multiple health outcomes.Methods: This review is registered with PROSPERO, number CRD42021235587. We systematically searched three databases from inception until November 15, 2020. For each meta-analysis, the summary effect size using fixed and random effects models, the 95% confidence interval, and the 95% prediction interval were assessed; heterogeneity, evidence of small-study effects, and excess significance bias were also estimated. According to the above metrics, we evaluated the credibility of each association.Results: A total of 85 meta-analyses with 36 health outcomes were included in the study. We observed highly suggestive evidence for an association between long sleep and an increased risk of all-cause mortality. Moreover, suggestive evidence supported the associations between long sleep and 5 increased risk of health outcomes (stroke, dyslipidaemia, mortality of coronary heart disease, stroke mortality, and the development or death of stroke); short sleep and increased risk of overweight and/or obesity; poor sleep quality and increased risk of diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus.Conclusions: Only the evidence of the association of long sleep with an increased risk of all-cause mortality was graded as highly suggestive. Additional studies are needed to be conducted.
Detection of Cardiac Functions of Fetus with Diabetic Metabolic Disease through PEG-PCLNano Micelle and Ultrasound Technique; The study was to probe into the application of ultrasound technique in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and research the progress of PEG-PCL nano micelle and ultrasound technique. Method: 210 patients with a singleton pregnancy fetus, who received the fetal echocardiography in Yuhang District First People's Hospital from March 2019 to March 2020, were selected as the subjects, including 101 fetuses who were confirmed as gestational diabetes mellitus(GDM), and 109 normal fetuses (control group). The ultrasound cardiogram technique was employed to detect the thickness of the fetus ventricle septum, mitral/tricuspid annular displacement, left/right TEI indexes, and so on. The mean value of three cardiac cycles was taken as the test results. Finally, SPSS17.0 software was applied to the analysis of data. The nano micelle was made from the amphiphilic block copolymers (PEG-PCL) using the dialysis method/solvent evaporation method. The nanoscale ultrasound contrast agent was prepared from Decafluoropentane which was imaging gas. The characterizations were studied using the optical microscope, and transmission electron microscopy (TEM). The temperature sensitivity and ultrasound sensitivity of the nano-ultrasound contrast agent were analyzed with the particle size as the evaluation index. The in-vitro ultrasound contrast experiment was conducted to study the contrast-enhanced effect. Results: The fetal Tei index of the case group was higher than that of the control group, of which P<0.05 had statistical significance. However, the thickness of the fetus ventricle septum, Em, Am, and Em/Am of mitral/tricuspid annular were not significantly different from those of the control group (P>0.05). The nano ultrasonic contrast agent prepared through the ultrasonic injection method had a uniform particle size and a hollow shell-core structure under an electron projection microscope. The particle size of the nano-ultrasound contrast agent varied with temperature, and its microbubbles were generated under ultrasonic conditions. As compared with the blank degassed water group, a real linear echo appeared inside the contrast agent group, with small and even echo spots. The back echo remained with no obvious attenuation and lasted for a longer period. However, the blank degassed group had no distinct echo intensity and spot. Conclusion: PEG-PCL nano-ultrasound contrast agent achieved an excellent imaging effect; there was no obvious change to heart function and structure of the fetus, when gestational diabetes pregnant had blood sugar perfectly controlled, however, the fetus's heart function may change in the last trimester.Copyright: (c) 2022 by the C.M.B. Association. All rights reserved.
Pre-pregnancy overweight overtakes gestational diabetes as a risk factor for subsequent metabolic syndrome; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of subsequent diabetes and metabolic syndrome (MS). The independent significance of overweight, often associated with GDM, is controversial. This study was aimed to investigate the prevalence of MS and carotid intima- media thickness (CIMT) values in normal and overweight women with previous insulin- treated GDM and control without GDM 19 years after the index pregnancy. Methods: The study group consisted of 61 women with prior GDM and 55 controls who gave birth in Oulu University Hospital between 1988 and 1993. These women were further divided into subgroups according to pre-pregnancy BMI (<25 or >= 25 kg/m(2)). In 2008-2010, anthropometrics and blood pressure were measured, blood samples were taken, and an oral glucose tolerance test was performed to investigate the components of MS. CIMT was measured by Doppler ultrasound. Results: Total prevalence of MS was 62% in the GDM group and 31% in the control group (P=0.001); it was highest (86%) in GDM women with pre- pregnancy overweight. CIMT was significantly thicker (0.67 vs 0.56 mm, P=0.007) and more often abnormal (71.7 vs 45.3%, P=0.004) in the GDM group compared with the controls. In logistic regression analysis, the strongest factor predicting MS in the whole study population was pre-pregnancy overweight. Conclusions: Pre-pregnancy overweight was the strongest predictive factor for later MS, whereas GDM indicated increased risk of subsequent diabetes and subclinical atherosclerosis. The risk of MS was highest when both of these factors were present.
Metabolic disorder of pregnancy (understanding pathophysiology of diabetes and preeclampsia); The role of insulin resistance in human disease is implicated in the pathogenesis of some of the chief western chronic diseases: ischemic heart disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and essential hypertension. The occurrence of these diseases, alongside obesity, is termed the metabolic syndrome. Pregnancy is normally attended by progressive insulin resistance that begins near mid-pregnancy and progresses through the third trimester to levels that approximate the insulin resistance seen in individuals with type 2 diabetes. Insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia may be the basic common ground for the metabolic syndrome of pregnancy - elevated blood pressure and diabetes mellitus. Moreover, the metabolic syndrome is also associated with endothelial dysfunction, oxidative stress, and attenuated inflammatory responses. In this review, we discuss the development of insulin resistance during pregnancy, hormones and newly discovered factors associated with insulin resistance and secretion, lipid metabolism, and the pathogenesis of hypertension during pregnancy. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Role of fetal echocardiography in morphologic and functional assessment of fetal heart in diabetic mothers; Background Diabetes mellitus (DM) is the commonest medical disorder faced during pregnancy and it includes type I, type II, and gestational diabetes. It may predispose to various complications including fetus malformation, macrosomia, spontaneous abortion, stillbirth, neonatal death, and intrauterine growth retardation. Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) is one of the common anomalies depicted with diabetes. Fetal cardiac function analysis might provide important information on the hemodynamic status and cardiac adaptation to different perinatal complications. Results The mean septal thickness in the diabetic group was 0.7163 +/- 0.1746 cm and 0.4989 +/- 0.08068 cm in the control group. The mean myocardial thickness of the right ventricular free wall in the diabetic group was 0.6532 +/- 0.13792 cm and 0.4874 +/- 0.07482 cm in the control group. The mean myocardial thickness of the left ventricular free wall in the diabetic group was 0.6437 +/- 0.13421 cm and 0.4737 +/- 0.07573 cm in the control group. The mean value of myocardial performance index (Tie Index) in the diabetic group was 0.6232 +/- 0.15606 and 0.4626 +/- 0.04357 in the control group. Conclusion From our study, we can conclude that prenatal complete echocardiographic study should be mandatory in fetuses of diabetic mothers due to high risk of congenital heart defects and onset of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with fetal cardiac function impairment in the third trimester. Early diagnosis of congenital heart defects as well as evidence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and fetal cardiac function impairment that occurs in fetuses of maternal diabetes will definitely guide prompt postnatal therapy and care for those neonates.
The Graded Relationship between Glucose Tolerance Status in Pregnancy and Postpartum Levels of Low-Density-Lipoprotein Cholesterol and Apolipoprotein B in Young Women: Implications for Future Cardiovascular Risk; Context and Objective: Both gestational diabetes mellitus(GDM) and gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) identify women at risk of future cardiovascular disease, although the mediators of this risk are unknown. Because lipid factors can contribute to cardiovascular risk, we sought to characterize the relationship between gestational glucose tolerance status and lipid profile in pregnancy and the postpartum. Design, Setting, and Participants: Fasting lipids were measured in 482 women in pregnancy and at 3 months postpartum. Antepartum glucose challenge test (GCT) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) defined four gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM(n = 136), GIGT (n = 89), abnormal GCT with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) on OGTT (abnormal GCT NGT) (n = 170), and normal GCT with NGT on OGTT (normal GCT NGT) (n = 87). Results: In pregnancy, there were no significant differences between the groups in total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio, apolipoprotein B (apoB), apolipoprotein A1 (apoA1), and apoB to apoA1 ratio. At 3 months postpartum, however, each of the following lipid parameters progressively increased from normal GCT NGT to abnormal GCT NGT to GIGT to GDM: total cholesterol (P = 0.0047), LDL (P = 0.0002), triglycerides (P = 0.0002), total cholesterol to HDL ratio (P < 0.0001), apoB (P = 0.0003), and apoB to apoA1 ratio (P = 0.0014). Furthermore, on multiple linear regression analyses, GDM emerged as an independent predictor of postpartum total cholesterol (t = 3.09, P = 0.0021), LDL (t = 3.81, P = 0.0002), triglycerides (t = 3.38, P = 0.0008), total cholesterol to HDL ratio (t = 3.76, P = 0.0002), apoB (t = 4.12, P < 0.0001), and apoB to apoA1 ratio (t = 3.07, P = 0.0023). GIGT was an independent predictor of postpartum total cholesterol to HDL ratio (t = 2.27, P = 0.0239), apoB (t = 2.04, P = 0.0416), and apoB to apoA1 ratio (t = 1.97, P = 0.049). Conclusions: Compared with their peers, women with GDM and GIGT have a more atherogenic lipid profile by 3 months postpartum, characterized by increased LDL and apoB. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 95: 4345-4353, 2010)
Association of gestational diabetes with long-term risk of premature mortality, and cardiovascular outcomes and risk factors: A retrospective cohort analysis in the UK Biobank; Aim: To investigate the association of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with premature mortality and cardiovascular (CVD) outcomes and risk factors. Materials and Methods: Parous women recruited to the UK Biobank cohort during 2006-2010 were followed up from their first delivery until 31 October 2021. The data were linked to Hospital Episode Statistics and mortality registries. Multivariate Cox proportional hazard models investigated associations of GDM with all-cause mortality, CVD, diabetes, hypertension and dyslipidaemia. Results: The maximum total analysis time at risk and under observation was 9 694 090 person-years. Among 220 726 women, 1225 self-reported or had a recorded diagnosis of GDM. After adjusting for confounders and behavioural factors, GDM was associated with increased risk for premature mortality [hazard ratio (HR): 1.44, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.12-1.86], particularly CVD-related death (HR: 2.38, 95% CI: 1.63-3.48), as well as incident total CVD (HR: 1.50, 95% CI: 1.30-1.74), non-fatal CVD (HR: 1.41, 95% CI: 1.20-1.65), diabetes (HR: 14.37, 95% CI: 13.51-15.27), hypertension (HR: 1.49, 95% CI: 1.38-1.60), and dyslipidaemia (HR: 1.30, 95% CI: 1.22-1.39). The total CVD risk was greater in women with GDM who did not later develop diabetes than in those with GDM and diabetes. Conclusions: Women with GDM are at increased risk of premature death and have increased CV risk, emphasizing the importance of interventions to prevent GDM. If GDM develops, the diagnosis represents an opportunity for future surveillance and intervention to reduce CVD risk factors, prevent CVD and improve long-term health.
The effect of dietary counselling on food intakes in pregnant women at risk for gestational diabetes: a secondary analysis of a randomised controlled trial RADIEL; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing worldwide. GDM may be prevented by improving the diets of pregnant women. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of dietary counselling on the diets of pregnant women at GDM risk. SUBJECTS/METHODS: This study was a secondary analysis of a randomised controlled trial the Finnish gestational diabetes prevention study (RADIEL) in which pre-pregnant and pregnant women with previous GDM or BMI >= 30 kg/m(2) were allocated into two groups, namely the control and the intervention groups. The control group received standard antenatal dietary counselling according to the Finnish Nutrition Recommendations. The intervention group participated in one individual dietary counselling session and one group dietary counselling session in addition to the standard counselling. This study included women who were recruited during pregnancy. To assess changes in food intake, food-intake questionnaires were collected during the first and the second trimester of pregnancy. Bootstrap type analysis of covariance was used, and 242 participants were included in the final analysis to study changes in food intake. RESULTS: The intakes of low-fat cheese (baseline adjusted mean 0.09 times/day; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.07, 0.24; P = 0.040) and fish (baseline adjusted mean 0.28 times per week; 95% CI 0.08, 0.49; P = 0.011) showed a significant increase in the intervention group compared with the control group. CONCLUSIONS: This study showed that dietary counselling in early pregnancy can lead to modest dietary improvements in pregnant women at GDM risk.
Determinants of childbearing intentions among pregnant women with a suspected fetal congenital heart disease; Background: The Saudi population is characterized by a high fertility rate, a conservative sociocultural context, and an ongoing societal and lifestyle transition. Yet, data regarding childbearing intentions and the associated factors is scarce. Furthermore, childbearing intention may be impacted by abnormal pregnancy events, such as the clinical suspicion or diagnosis of a fetal congenital disease and the negative experience that may result from it. Objectives: The present study explored childbearing intention and determined the sociodemographic and health-related factors discouraging from future pregnancies among women visiting the cardiology clinic for antenatal screening of congenital heart diseases (CHD). Methods: A one-year cross-sectional study involved 150 consecutive pregnant women aged between 18 and 47 years old, who presented for antenatal screening of CHD at the fetal echocardiography clinic for, of a teaching hospital in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. An interview-based questionnaire was administered before the clinic visit and collected sociodemographic data, obstetrical history, risk factors of congenital diseases, mothers' knowledge about fetal echocardiography and CHDs, and childbearing intention (the primary outcome). Results: Fetal echocardiography and CHD were correctly described by 60 % and 31.3 % of the participants respectively, while 40.7 % and 12 % recognized the association of congenital diseases with consanguinity and advanced maternal age respectively. Childbearing intentions showed 68.0 % of the participants declared desiring a future baby while the remaining 32.0 % declared having no further pregnancy expectations. Attitudes towards a hypothetical baby with CHD were positive in 97.3 % of the participants, and only 30 % declared that the fetal echocardiography results will impact their future childbearing decision. However, childbearing intention showed no significant association with knowledge or attitudes towards CHD. On the other hand, childbearing intention was independently associated with the number of children (OR=0.34; p<0.001), consanguinity with husband (OR=3.64; p = 0.010), and history of gestational diabetes (OR=0.28; p = 0.040). Conclusion: Fertility expectations among Saudi mothers are more likely to be impacted by the personal experience and judgment of own pregnancy fitness, while no significant impact of fetal risks and events. This demonstrates a certain level of autonomy balanced with deeply rooted religious ethics yet combined with a lack of awareness about fetal and maternal risks associated with advanced maternal age and consanguinity. We emphasize the unmet need of education and family planning.
Insulin clearance is altered in women with a history of gestational diabetes progressing to type 2 diabetes; Background and aims: Insulin clearance is a relevant process in glucose homeostasis. In this observational study, we aimed to assess insulin clearance (ClINS) in women with former gestational diabetes (fGDM) both early after delivery and after a follow-up. Methods and results: We analysed 59 fGDM women, and 16 women not developing GDM (CNT). All women underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) yearly, and an insulin-modified intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) at baseline and at follow-up end (until 7 years). Both IVGTT and OGTT Cl-INS was assessed as insulin secretion to plasma insulin ratio. We also defined IVGTT first (0-10 min) and second phase (10-180 min) Cl-INS. We found that 14 fGDM women progressed to type 2 diabetes (PROG), whereas 45 women remained diabetes-free (NONPROG). At baseline, IVGTT Cl-INS showed alterations in PROG, especially in second phase (0.88 +/- 0.10 l.min(-1) in PROG, 0.60 +/- 0.06 in NONPROG, 0.54 +/- 0.07 in CNT, p < 0.03). Differences in Cl-INS were not found from OGTT. Cox regression analysis showed second phase ClINS as significant type 2 diabetes predictor (hazard ratio = 1.90, 95% confidence interval 1.09-3.30, p = 0.02). Conclusion: This study showed that insulin clearance derived from an insulin-modified IVGTT is notably altered in women with history of GDM progressing towards type 2 diabetes. (C) 2020 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Predictors of Postpartum Lipid Abnormalities in Women with Gestational Diabetes; Objective: Pregnancy-related changes in serum lipids are well documented, but the predictors of post-pregnancy dyslipidemia are not as well delineated. We assessed potential pre- and intrapartum predictors in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Method: Among women followed at a university-based GDM clinic (Montreal, Canada), we identified those with intra-and postpartum lipid values (routine assessments) between January 1, 2007 and December 31, 2008. Dyslipidemia was defined as total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein (TC/HDL) >= 4.0. Potential predictors of postpartum dyslipidemia assessed through logistic regression included increased intrapartum triglycerides (>= 2.5 mmol/L), intrapartum dyslipidemia, age, gravida, type 2 diabetes family history, ethnicity, prepregnancy body mass index (BMI), intrapartum insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and systolic blood pressure. Results: Among 46 subjects, 50% had postpartum dyslipidemia. Prepregnancy BMI (odds ratio [OR] 1.7, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.2-2.5), intrapartum HOMA-IR (OR 2.3, 95% CI 1.0-5.6), and systolic blood pressure (OR 1.1, 95% CI 1.0-1.2) were all independent predictors. Intrapartum triglycerides (OR 3.0, 95% CI 0.8-11.1) and TC/HDL (OR 1.8, 95% CI 0.7-4.5) were potential predictors but results were inconclusive (models adjusted for prepartum BMI, intrapartum HOMA-IR, systolic blood pressure). Conclusions: Higher prepregnancy BMI, greater degree of intrapartum insulin resistance and higher systolic blood pressure independently predict postpartum dyslipidemia among women with GDM who presented for postpartum reassessment. Women with these characteristics may require closer surveillance and attention to vascular disease prevention efforts. Our results also support the possibility that intrapartum lipid levels in women with a GDM history may predict postpartum values, but a larger study is needed to confirm this possibility conclusively. (C) 2012 Canadian Diabetes Association
A review of maternal overweight and obesity and its impact on cardiometabolic outcomes during pregnancy and postpartum; The rates of maternal overweight and obesity, but also excess gestational weight gain, are increasing. Pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia and delivery of a preterm or growth restricted baby, are higher for both women with overweight and obesity and women who gain excess weight during their pregnancy. Other conditions such as polycystic ovary syndrome are also strongly linked to overweight and obesity and worsened pregnancy complications. All of these conditions place women at increased risk for future cardiometabolic diseases. If overweight and obesity, but also excess gestational weight gain, can be reduced in women of reproductive age, then multiple comorbidities associated with pregnancy complications may also be reduced in the years after childbirth. This narrative review highlights the association between maternal overweight and obesity and gestational weight gain, with gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, polycystic ovary syndrome and delivery of a preterm or growth restricted baby. This review also addresses how these adverse conditions are linked to cardiometabolic diseases after birth. We report that while the independent associations between obesity and gestational weight gain are evident across many of the adverse conditions assessed, whether body mass index or gestational weight gain is a stronger driving factor for many of these is currently unclear. Mechanisms linking gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, preterm delivery and polycystic ovary syndrome to heightened risk for cardiometabolic diseases are multifactorial but relate to cardiovascular and inflammatory pathways that are also found in overweight and obesity. The need for post-partum cardiovascular risk assessment and follow-up care remains overlooked. Such early detection and intervention for women with pregnancy-related complications will significantly attenuate risk for cardiovascular disease.
"Maternal diabetes mellitus and its impact on the risk of delivering a child with congenital heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis"; Aim Maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM), type 1 or type 2, has been established as a potential risk factor for congenital heart disease (CHD). At the same time, the correlation between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and increased risk of CHD has not been yet fully elucidated. The objective of this systematic review and meta-analysis (PROSPERO number: CRD42020182390) was to analyze the existing evidence on PGDM and to attempt to fill, to the best of our ability, the remaining knowledge gap in the association of GDM with CHD. Materials and methods Two authors have independently searched the Pubmed/Medline, Scopus, Cochrane, Web of Science, and Theses Global databases with keywords and Boolean operators. The search yielded 9333 relevant articles, which were later screened for eligibility. Original peer-reviewed (case-control or cohort) studies were included if they were published in English between 1997 and 2020. Thirteen studies on mothers with PGDM and seven studies on mothers with GDM were finally included in our meta-analysis to investigate the association of maternal diabetes with the risk of delivering a child with CHD. The selected studies were all assessed for their methodological quality using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale. Associations with p < .05 were considered statistically significant. Results Our meta-analysis (I-2 > 75%, total population: n = 12,461,586) of 79,476 women with PGDM and 160,893 with GDM produced an odds ratio of 3.48 (2.36-4.61) and 1.55 (1.48-1.61), respectively. Additionally, we did not find any noticeable difference in the risk for CHD among diabetic women living in the USA and Europe. Nevertheless, it still needs to be clarified, whether or not the gestational diabetic population includes undiagnosed women with preexisting diabetes, which might account for the increased risk of delivering a child with CHD in women classified as suffering from GDM. Conclusion While both GDM and PGDM seem to significantly increase the risk of CHD in comparison with the general population, PDGM appears to have a greater association with CHD, being correlated with a 3.5-fold increase in the risk of malformation. Preconceptional and gestational diabetes care are, therefore, essential to mitigate the adverse effect of hyperglycemia on fetal heart formation during pregnancy.
Evaluation of postpartum carbohydrate intolerance and cardiovascular risk factors in women with gestational diabetes; We aimed to evaluate the predictors of subsequent development of postpartum carbohydrate intolerance, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous GDM. Two hundred fifty-two consecutive women with GDM were enrolled. After exclusion of women who did not attend to the hospital for follow-up visits for minimum 1 year, data of 195 patients were evaluated. Seventy-one lean women with negative screening for GDM were included as a control group. The prevalence of diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance and impaired fasting glucose and metabolic syndrome was significantly higher in women with previous GDM than healthy controls. Women with previous GDM were more insulin resistant, had an atherogenic lipid profile and increased carotid IMT. The most important predictors of postpartum diabetes were the need for insulin treatment during index pregnancy and glucose values on antepartum OGTT. Among women with previous GDM, the development of postpartum diabetes and metabolic syndrome was associated with increased carotid IMT. Our data show that women with previous GDM are at high risk for developing carbohydrate intolerance, metabolic syndrome and atherosclerosis. Antepartum prediction of high risk subjects for the subsequent development of postpartum carbohydrate intolerance and metabolic syndrome seems to be vital to prevent cardiovascular outcomes.
Accelerated metabolic susceptibility to type 2 diabetes in older women with a history of gestational diabetes; The purpose of this study is to compare central obesity, insulin sensitivity, and cardiovascular disease risk factors between premenopausal and postmenopausal women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), controls, and women with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Subjects were 73 overweight/obese and sedentary women who had a history of GDM (n=31) and were either premenopausal (n=11, 44 +/- 1 years, X +/- S.E.M.), postmenopausal (n=20, 58 +/- 1 years), or without a history of GDM as healthy postmenopausal controls (n=27, 57 +/- 1 years) or postmenopausal with T2DM (n=16, 59 +/- 1 years). The premenopausal GDM women had higher maximal oxygen uptake and lower visceral fat than the other three groups (P<0.05). BMI, % body fat, subcutaneous abdominal fat, and intramuscular fat did not differ significantly among the four groups. Glucose utilization (M, 3 h 40 mU/m(2) per min hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps) was 27% higher (P=0.05) in pre- than postmenopausal GDM and was not different between premenopausal GDM and postmenopausal controls. M was 28% lower (P=0.06) in postmenopausal GDM than controls and was not significantly different between postmenopausal GDM and T2DM groups. Thus, despite being younger and more physically fit, premenopausal women with prior GDM display similar central obesity, glucose, and metabolic profiles as postmenopausal controls. Postmenopausal women with prior GDM are more insulin resistant than controls of similar age, adiposity, and fitness levels and display comparable glucose utilization rates as similar as women with T2DM suggesting that a prior history of GDM may be an early manifestation of increased risk of later T2DM.
Gestational Diabetes But Not Prepregnancy Overweight Predicts for Cardiometabolic Markers in Offspring Twenty Years Later; Context: Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and prepregnancy overweight/obesity [body mass index (BMI) >= 25 kg/m(2)] might adversely affect offspring cardiometabolic health. Objective: To assess the associations between maternal GDM and prepregnancy overweight/obesity with adult offspring cardiometabolic risk factors. Design: Longitudinal cohort study (ESTER Maternal Pregnancy Disorders Study and the Arvo Ylppo Longitudinal Study). Setting: Province of Uusimaa and Northern Finland. Participants: At a mean age of 24.1 +/- 1.3 years, we classified offspring as offspring of mothers with GDM regardless of the prepregnancy BMI (OGDM; n = 193); normoglycemic mothers with pre pregnancy overweight/obesity (ONO; n = 157); and normoglycemic mothers with prepregnancy BMI <25 kg/m(2) (controls; n = 556). Main Outcome Measures: We assessed the cardiometabolic biomarkers from blood and measured the blood pressure at rest and heart rate. Results: Compared with the controls, the OGDM and ONO groups had greater fasting glucose (1.6%; 95% CI, 0.1% to 3.1%; and 2.3%; 95% CI, 0.5% to 4.3%, respectively) and insulin (12.7%; 95% CI, 4.4% to 21.9%; and 8.7%; 95% CI, 0.2% to 17.8%). These differences attenuated to nonsignificance when adjusted for confounders and/or current offspring characteristics, including BMI or body fat percentage. The OGDM group had lower SHBG (men, 12.4%; 95% CI, 20.2% to 3.9%; women, 33.2%; 95% CI, 46.3% to 16.8%), high-density lipoprotein (-6.6%; 95% CI, 10.9% to 2.2%), and apolipoprotein Al (-4.5%; 95% CI, 7.5% to 1.4%). These differences survived the adjustments. The heart rate and other biomarkers were similar among the groups. Conclusions: Adult offspring of mothers with GDM have increased markers of insulin resistance and a more atherogenic lipid profile. These were only partly explained by confounders or current offspring adiposity. Maternal prepregnancy overweight/obesity was associated with impaired offspring glucose regulation, which was explained by confounders and/or current adiposity.
Total sialic acid and associated elements of the metabolic syndrome in women with and without previous gestational diabetes; OBJECTIVE- inflammatory markers predict type 2 diabetes and relate to the metabolic syndrome. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predicts type 2 diabetes and may be part If this syndrome. To examine the association of inflammatory markers with GDM, we investigated total sialic acid (TSA) in women with and without previous GDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS- All women with GDM and a random sample of women from one center of the Brazilian Study of Gestational Diabetes were invited to return 7 years after their index pregnancy. After an inter-view, an oral glucose tolerance test and anthropometry were performed. A total of 46 women with and 50 women without previous GDM completed the protocol. RESULTS- Mean TSA was significantly higher in women with (71.8 +/- 11.1 mg/dl) than without (67.5 +/- 9.8 mg/dl) previous GDM (P < 0.05). In a linear regression model, TSA was 4 mg/dl (P < 0.05) higher in women with previous GDM, after adjustment for BMI, fasting insulin sensitivity, and number of years spent in school. In a similar model, current 2-h plasma glucose levels were associated with higher TSA levels after adjustment for waist-to-hip ratio and the log of triglycerides. TSA was strongly correlated with individual components and aggregates (r 0.55, P < 0.001) of the metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSIONS- increased TSA levels are associated with previous GDM and are strongly linked to the metabolic syndrome. These findings in young women suggest that a chronic mild systemic inflammatory response is an early feature of the metabolic syndrome and that GDM may be a window for its investigation.
Thirty years of fruitful collaborations between a physician and mass spectrometrists in diabetes field; The nonenzymatic protein glycation and the subsequent formation of advanced glycation end products is a process involved in the long-term complications of diabetes. In this context the collaboration, in the last 30 years, between my research group, operating in the DPT of Medicine of Padua University, and the mass spectrometric group, operating in CNR of Padua, are described and discussed. The development of new mass spectrometric techniques has allowed investigation more indepth, starting from the applications on small molecules responsible for the browning observed in the interactions between sugars and proteins, and growing up to intact proteins as albumin, immunoglobulin, hemoglobin, and so forth, with the determination of their glycation levels as well as their glycation sites. This study has helped to clarify the role of advanced glycation end products in the pathogenesis of the chronic complications of diabetes. In particular the results obtained in diabetic nephropathy, diabetic cardiovascular disease and in placenta samples of patients affected by gestational diabetes are described in this review.
Cardio-Obstetrics: the Next Frontier in Cardiovascular Disease Prevention; Purpose of Review Internationally, cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women. With risk factors for CVD continuing to rise, early identification and management of chronic diseases such as hypertension, diabetes, and obstructive sleep apnea is necessary for prevention. Pregnancy is a natural stress test for women with risk factors who may be predisposed to CVD and offers a unique opportunity to not only recognize disease but also implement effective and long-lasting strategies for prevention. Recent Findings Prevention begins before pregnancy, as preconception screening, counseling, and optimization of chronic diseases can improve maternal and fetal outcomes. Throughout pregnancy, women should maintain close follow-up, continued reevaluation of risk factors, with counseling when necessary. Continued healthcare engagement during the "fourth trimester," 3 months following delivery, allows clinicians to continue monitoring the evolution of chronic diseases, encourage ongoing lifestyle counseling, and connect women with primary care and appropriate specialists if needed. Unfortunately, this postpartum period represents a major care gap, as a significant proportion of most women do not attend their scheduled visits. Social determinants of health including decreased access to care and economic instability lead to increased risk factors throughout pregnancy but particularly play a role in poor compliance with postpartum follow-up. The use of telemedicine clinics and remote monitoring may prove to be effective interventions, bridging the gap between physicians and patients and improving follow-up for at-risk women. While many clinicians are beginning to understand the impact of CVD on women, screening and prevention strategies are not often implemented until much later in life. Pregnancy creates an opportunity to begin engaging women in cardiovascular protective strategies before the development of the disease.
Endothelial Function in Women with and without a History of Glucose Intolerance in Pregnancy; Background/Aims. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and milder gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) identify women who are at risk of developing cardiovascular disease. Endothelial dysfunction, as indicated by impaired flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) on brachial artery ultrasound, is an early marker of vascular disease. Thus, we sought to evaluate endothelial function in women with and without recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy. Methods. One-hundred and seventeen women underwent oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT) in pregnancy, enabling stratification into those with normal gestational glucose tolerance (n = 59) and those with GDM or GIGT (n = 58). 6 years postpartum, they underwent a repeat of OGTT and brachial artery FMD studies, enabling assessment of FMD and 4 secondary vascular measures: FMD after 60 seconds (FMD60), baseline arterial diameter, peak shear rate, and reactive hyperemia. Results. There were no differences between the normal gestational glucose tolerance and GDM/GIGT groups in FMD (mean 8.5 versus 9.3%, P = 0.61), FMD60 (4.1 versus 5.1%, P = 0.33), baseline diameter (3.4 versus 3.4 mm, P = 0.66), peak shear rate (262.6 versus 274.8 s(-1), P = 0.32), and reactive hyperemia (576.6 versus 496.7%, P = 0.07). After covariate adjustment, there were still no differences between the groups. Conclusion. Despite their long-term cardiovascular risk, women with glucose intolerance in pregnancy do not display endothelial dysfunction 6 years postpartum.
Incident Diabetes in Women With Patterns of Gestational Diabetes Occurrences Across 2 Pregnancies; Importance Gestational diabetes is a type 2 diabetes risk indicator, and recurrence further augments risk. In women with a single occurrence across 2 pregnancies, it is unclear whether first- vs second-pregnancy gestational diabetes differ in terms of risk. Objective To compare the hazards of incident diabetes among those with gestational diabetes in the first, in the second, and in both pregnancies with women without gestational diabetes in either. Design, Setting, and Participants This was a retrospective cohort study with cohort inception from April 1, 1990, to December 31, 2012. Follow-up was April 1, 1990, to April 1, 2019. Participants were mothers with 2 singleton deliveries between April 1, 1990, and December 31, 2012, without diabetes before or between pregnancies, who were listed in public health care insurance administrative databases and birth, stillbirth, and death registries in Quebec, Canada. Data were analyzed from July to December 2023. Exposure Gestational diabetes occurrence(s) across 2 pregnancies. Main outcomes and measures Incident diabetes from the second delivery until a third pregnancy, death, or the end of the follow-up period, whichever occurred first. Results The 431 980 women with 2 singleton deliveries studied had a mean (SD) age of 30.1 (4.5) years at second delivery, with a mean (SD) of 2.8 (1.5) years elapsed between deliveries; 373 415 (86.4%) were of European background, and 78 770 (18.2%) were at the highest quintile of material deprivation. Overall, 10 920 women (2.5%) had gestational diabetes in their first pregnancy, 16 145 (3.7%) in their second, and 8255 (1.9%) in both (12 205 incident diabetes events; median [IQR] follow-up 11.5 [5.3-19.4] years). First pregnancy-only gestational diabetes increased hazards 4.35-fold (95% CI, 4.06-4.67), second pregnancy-only increased hazards 7.68-fold (95% CI, 7.31-8.07), and gestational diabetes in both pregnancies increased hazards 15.8-fold (95% CI, 15.0-16.6). Compared with first pregnancy-only gestational diabetes, second pregnancy-only gestational diabetes increased hazards by 76% (95% CI, 1.63-1.91), while gestational diabetes in both pregnancies increased it 3.63-fold (95% CI, 3.36-3.93). Conclusions and relevance In this retrospective cohort study of nearly half a million women with 2 singleton pregnancies, both the number and ordinal pregnancy of any gestational diabetes occurrence increased diabetes risk. These considerations offer greater nuance than an ever or never gestational diabetes dichotomy.
Maternal Cardiac Adaptations to a Physical Exercise Program during Pregnancy; Introduction: Scarce evidence exists regarding the effects of regular pregnancy exercise on maternal cardiovascular health. We aimed to study, using a randomized controlled trial design, the effects of pregnancy exercise on echocardiographic indicators of hemodynamics, cardiac remodeling, left ventricular (LV) function, and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. Methods: Two hundred forty-one healthy pregnant women were assigned to a control (standard care) or intervention (exercise) group (initial n = 121/120). The intervention (weeks 9-11 to 38-39) included three supervised sessions per week (55-60 min, with light-moderate intensity aerobic and strength exercises). Results: The main findings were as follows: (i) the proportion of women with excessive weight gain at end pregnancy was lower in the exercise group compared with controls (18% vs 40%, P = 0.005), and (ii) there was a tendency toward lower prevalence of depression at end pregnancy in the former (P = 0.029, threshold P value set at 0.013). No significant exercise training effect was essentially found for echocardiographic variables, CVD risk factors, type/duration of labor, or newborn's outcomes (weight, height, head circumference, Apgar scores, and umbilical cord pH). Conclusions: Light-moderate intensity supervised exercise is safe for healthy pregnant women and does not impose an additional cardiac overload beyond gestation or affect the main pregnancy outcomes. Such intervention might help decrease, at least partly, the risk of two CVD-associated conditions, excessive weight gain and depression.
Cardiometabolic Risk in Chinese Women with Prior Gestational Diabetes: A 15-Year Follow-Up Study; Aims: The progression to type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and other long-term cardiometabolic risks in Chinese women with prior history of gestational diabetes (GD) was studied at 15 years postpartum. Methods: 139 Chinese women (45 with GD and 94 with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) at the index pregnancy) who had their insulin sensitivity and beta-cell functions examined at 8 years postpartum were again followed up at 15 years for the investigation of the rate of type 2 DM, hypertension and metabolic syndrome. Results: Women with prior history of GD had a significantly higher rate of hypertension (35.6% vs. 16.0%, p = 0.01), type 2 DM (24.4% vs. 5.3%, p < 0.001) and impaired glucose regulation (26.6% vs. 14.9%, p < 0.001) than women with NGT during the index pregnancy. The Matsuda insulin sensitivity index and the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index at 8 years postpartum were independent predictors of both DM and metabolic syndrome at 15 years postpartum. Conclusions: The conversion rate of type 2 DM increased at an average rate of 1.6% per year after a pregnancy affected by GD. Insulin resistance at 8 years postpartum could refine a future diabetic risk in women with prior history of GD. Copyright (C) 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel
Fast Food Consumption and Gestational Diabetes Incidence in the SUN Project; Background: Gestational diabetes prevalence is increasing, mostly because obesity among women of reproductive age is continuously escalating. We aimed to investigate the incidence of gestational diabetes according to the consumption of fast food in a cohort of university graduates. Methods: The prospective dynamic "Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra" (SUN) cohort included data of 3,048 women initially free of diabetes or previous gestational diabetes who reported at least one pregnancy between December 1999 and March 2011. Fast food consumption was assessed through a validated 136-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Fast food was defined as the consumption of hamburgers, sausages, and pizza. Three categories of fast food were established: low (0-3 servings/month), intermediate (>3 servings/month and <= 2 servings/week) and high (>2 servings/week). Non-conditional logistic regression models were used to adjust for potential confounders. Results: We identified 159 incident cases of gestational diabetes during follow-up. After adjusting for age, baseline body mass index, total energy intake, smoking, physical activity, family history of diabetes, cardiovascular disease/hypertension at baseline, parity, adherence to Mediterranean dietary pattern, alcohol intake, fiber intake, and sugar-sweetened soft drinks consumption, fast food consumption was significantly associated with a higher risk of incident gestational diabetes, with multivariate adjusted OR of 1.31 (95% conficence interval [CI]: 0.81-2.13) and 1.86 (95% CI: 1.13-3.06) for the intermediate and high categories, respectively, versus the lowest category of baseline fast food consumption (p for linear trend: 0.007). Conclusion: Our results suggest that pre-pregnancy higher consumption of fast food is an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes.
Does maternal race influence the short-term variation of the fetal heart rate? An historical cohort study; Objectives: The main aim of this article was to analyze short-term variation (SW) of the fetal heart rate according to maternal race. The secondary aim was to study the baseline fetal heart rate according to this factor. Study design: This single-center historical cohort study covered the period from November 2008 through December 2011 (n = 182). The inclusion criteria were: black women from sub-Saharan Africa or white European women, with a singleton pregnancy >= 34 weeks and fetal heart rate recorded by computerized analysis (Oxford Sonicaid System 8002) at a prenatal visit. The exclusion criteria were: medication likely to modify fetal heart rate, abnormal fetal heart rate tracing, and being in labor. A multiple linear regression analysis was used to study the association between maternal race and SW. Results: SW was lower by 2.6 ms in fetuses of black women (n = 55) compared to those of white women (n = 127) (8.9 +/- 2.1 ms vs. 11.4 +/- 3.4 ms) (p < 0.001). The basal fetal heart rate was higher (p = 0.001), and the recording criteria were met less often for the black women (p = 0.04). After adjustment for maternal age, body mass index at the beginning of pregnancy, maternal cigarette smoking, parity, gestational diabetes, gestational age at the time of the fetal heart rate recording, and the time between the last meal and the recording, mean SW was lower by 3.1 +/- 0.6 ms in fetuses of black compared with white women (p < 0.001). Conclusion: SW is lower in fetuses of black women compared to those of white women in a low-risk population. A study of black and white women with high-risk pregnancies is necessary to assess the impact of medical practices on perinatal outcome after STV analysis. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Exposure to Gestational Diabetes Enriches Immune-Related Pathways in the Transcriptome and Methylome of Human Amniocytes; Context: Gestational diabetes (GDM) has profound effects on the intrauterine metabolic milieu and is linked to obesity and diabetes in offspring, but the mechanisms driving these effects remain largely unknown. Alterations in DNA methylation and gene expression in amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero represent a potential mechanism leading to metabolic dysfunction later in life. Objective: To profile changes in genome-wide DNA methylation and expression in human amniocytes exposed to GDM. Design: A nested case-control study (n = 14 pairs) was performed in amniocytes matched for offspring sex, maternal race/ethnicity, maternal age, gestational age at amniocentesis, and gestational age at birth. Sex-specific genome-wide DNA methylation analysis and RNA-sequencing were completed and differentially methylated regions (DMRs) and gene expression changes were identified. Ingenuity pathway analysis identified biologically relevant pathways enriched after GDM exposure. In silico high-throughput chromosome conformation capture (Hi-C) analysis identified potential chromatin interactions with DMRs. Results: Expression of interferon-stimulated genes was increased in GDM amniocytes, accounting for 6 of the top 10 altered genes (q < 0.05). Enriched biological pathways in GDM amniocytes included pathways involving inflammation, the interferon response, fatty liver disease, monogenic diabetes, and atherosclerosis. Forty-two DMRs were identified in male GDM-exposed amniocytes and 20 in female amniocyte analysis (q < 0.05). Hi-C analysis identified interactions between DMRs and 11 genes with significant expression changes in male amniocytes and 9 in female amniocytes (P < .05). Conclusion: In a unique repository of human amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero, transcriptome analysis identified enrichment of inflammation and interferon-related pathways and novel DMRs with potential distal regulatory functions.
Increased Fat Mass and Cardiac Septal Hypertrophy in Newborn Infants of Mothers with Well-Controlled Diabetes during Pregnancy; Background: Improved glycaemic control during pregnancy in mothers with type 1 diabetes (T1DM) and gestational diabetes (GDM) has resulted in a marked reduction of perinatal mortality and morbidity, but the prevalence of macrosomia is usually high. Objective: We used non-invasive anthropometric methods to estimate the body composition and the thickness of the interventricular heart septum in 18 infants of mothers with well-controlled T1DM, 10 infants of mothers with GDM and 28 infants of healthy control mothers matched for gestational age and mode of delivery. Methods: Skinfold measurements were obtained with a Harpenden calliper within 48 h after delivery. Echocardiography was also performed to measure the thickness of the interventricular septum. Cord blood was sampled for assays of C-peptide, leptin and IGF-I. Results: The rates of macrosomia (gestational age-adjusted birth weight >2 standard deviation score, SDS) were 56 and 30% in infants of mothers with T1DM and GDM, respectively, compared to 10% in control infants. The body fat content was 40% (0.2 kg) higher and the interventricular heart septum thickness was increased by 20% in both groups of infants of diabetic mothers. We found no associations between maternal levels of HbA1c during pregnancy and body composition or interventricular heart septum thickness. Cord levels of C-peptide and leptin were significantly higher in infants of T1DM mothers than in control infants. Cord leptin level was associated with birth weight SDS and percent body fat in infants of T1DM mothers. IGF-I was associated with percent body fat in infants of GDM mothers and control mothers. A multiple-regression analysis showed that 50% of the variation in body weight SDS could be determined, with IGF-I, leptin and C-peptide as independent variables. Conclusion: Both fat mass and cardiac septal thickness are increased in newborn infants of women with T1DM and GDM in spite of efforts to achieve good glycaemic control during pregnancy. Copyright (C) 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Are Associated with Reduced Coronary Flow Reserve in Women With Signs and Symptoms of Ischemia Without Obstructive Coronary Artery Disease: A Report from the Women's Ischemia Syndrome Evaluation-Coronary Vascular Dysfunction Study; Background: We assessed history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) in the Women's Ischemia Syndrome Evaluation-Coronary Vascular Dysfunction (WISE-CVD) cohort of women with signs and symptoms of ischemia without obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD). We hypothesized that women with CMD with symptoms and signs of ischemia, without obstructive CAD, are more likely to have a history of APO. Materials and Methods: WISE-CVD recruited women with suspected ischemia found to have no obstructive CAD (n = 324). A subset of these women underwent coronary reactivity testing, including coronary flow reserve (CFR) (n = 185). Relationship between history of any APO and CMD was assessed by multivariable linear regression analyses. APOs included any of the following: hypertension during pregnancy, preeclampsia, eclampsia, gestational diabetes, or intrauterine growth restriction (low-birth-weight child). Results: Overall, 79/324 (24%) women reported at least one APO. Women with APOs were younger (52 vs. 56 years, p = 0.001), were more likely obese (body mass index 32 vs. 29 kg/m(2), p = 0.004), and had a history of hypertension (56% vs 36%, p = 0.002), but otherwise had no additional differences in cardiac risk variables versus women without APOs. Among the subgroup who underwent invasive CFR testing (n = 185), those with an APO had lower CFR (2.53 vs. 2.76, p = 0.016) versus those without APO. Conclusions: History of APOs in women with signs and symptoms of ischemia without obstructive CAD is associated with lower CFR indicative of CMD. Whether common pathways involving diffuse microvascular dysfunction may account for this suggested association remains unclear. Further investigation is needed to expand on these exploratory findings.
Gestational Glycemic Parameters and Future Cardiometabolic Risk at Medium-Term Follow Up; Objectives: Gestational diabetes is known to be associated with increased risk for future maternal cardiovascular disease. However, it is not known which gestational glycemic parameters mediate this risk. The study's aim was to assess the relationship between gestational glycemic parameters and gestational diabetes with future cardiometabolic status. Methods: This cohort study comprised subjects who underwent assessment for gestational diabetes by means of a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test at Mater Dei Hospital, Malta, during 2009. These patients were consequently followed up through January 2018. Carotid intima-media thickness was assessed as a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis in both common carotid arteries. Results: The mean age of the study population was 38.3 +/- 5.4 years. Of the 203 participants, 43 (21.2%) had gestational diabetes. Gestational diabetes and individual glycemic parameters of intrapregnancy oral glucose tolerance tests were associated with higher glycated hemoglobin, fasting plasma glucose, lowdensity-cholesterol and lower high-density-cholesterol levels and with the presence of the metabolic syndrome in both univariate and multivariate analyses after a median follow up of 8 years. Neither gestational diabetes nor individual glycemic parameters of intrapregnancy oral glucose tolerance tests was associated with current carotid intima-media thickness. Conclusions: Our results suggest that there is no threshold of glycemic parameters for predicting future cardiometabolic status. Our data also suggest that the known association between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease is mediated, at least in part, by higher postpregnancy glycemia and worse lipid profiles, even though these metabolic parameters often remain within the normal range. (C) 2019 Canadian Diabetes Association.
Incidence, Risk Factors, and Clinical Characteristics of Peripartum Cardiomyopathy in South Korea; BACKGROUND: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a rare disorder associated with pregnancy that can lead to life-threatening conditions. The incidence and clinical characteristics of this condition remain poorly understood. METHODS AND RESULTS: We aimed to perform the first population-based study of PPCM in South Korea, using the Korea National Health Insurance Claims Database of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service. Patients who fulfilled predefined diagnostic criteria for PPCM from January 1, 2010, to December 31, 2012, were identified from International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification codes. To discriminate PPCM from other causes of heart failure, we excluded subjects who already had heart failure-related International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification codes at least 1 year before delivery. During the study period, there were 1404551 deliveries in South Korea, and we excluded 20159 patients who already had heart failure. In those, a total of 795 cases were identified as PPCM. Patients with PPCM were older, had a higher prevalence of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus, and were more likely to be primiparous and have multiple pregnancies. Moreover, cesarean section and pregnancy-related complications and in-hospital death were also more common in patients with PPCM. Intriguingly, a considerable number of heart failure cases (n=64; 8.1% of total PPCM) were noted between 5 and 12 months after delivery. CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of PPCM was 1 in 1741 deliveries in South Korea. Patients with PPCM were older, were more associated with primiparity and multiple pregnancy, had more pregnancy-related complications, and revealed higher in-hospital mortality than controls. The number of cases diagnosed as PPCM were decreased over time after delivery; however, a large number of patients were still noted through 12 months after delivery.
Gestational Diabetes and Maternal Weight Management During and After Pregnancy; Background: Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) substantially modify their diets during pregnancy to control hyperglycemia. These changes could also affect maternal weight management. Materials and Methods: From July 2014 to December 2015 we enrolled women with and without GDM in a prospective cohort study to compare their mean rates of (1) weight gain before GDM screening, (2) weight gain after GDM screening, and (3) postpartum weight loss. All GDM-affected women were referred to Medical Nutrition Therapy and asked to self-monitor blood glucose until delivery. Rate comparisons were conducted separately for each interval using weighted t-tests and inverse probability of treatment weighting (IPTW) to account for age and prepregnancy body mass index (BMI). Linear regression models were developed to characterize the association of GDM status and rate of weight change. Results: The study included 40 women with GDM and 49 women without GDM. The IPTW analysis found that (1) women with and without GDM had similar mean rates of gestational weight gain before GDM screening (0.41 +/- 0.26 kg/week vs. 0.45 +/- 0.35 kg/week, respectively, p = 0.86), (2) women with GDM gained weight at a significantly lower mean rate than women without GDM following GDM screening (0.30 +/- 0.28 kg/week vs. 0.53 +/- 0.28 kg/week, respectively, p = 0.001), and (3) women with and without GDM had similar mean rates of postpartum weight loss (-1.37 +/- 0.58 kg/week vs. -1.28 +/- 0.46 kg/week, respectively, p = 0.73). The linear regression model (adjusted for age and prepregnancy BMI) demonstrated that women with GDM gained 0.19 kg/week less than women without GDM (p = 0.004) during pregnancy after GDM screening. Conclusions: In the postpartum period, women with GDM lose weight at similar rates to women without GDM despite gaining weight at significantly lower rates following GDM screening. Diagnosis and treatment of GDM may improve maternal weight management, but this benefit is limited to late pregnancy.
Diagnostic and prognostic value of triglyceride glucose index: a comprehensive evaluation of meta-analysis; ObjectiveThe present umbrella review aims to collate and summarize the findings from previous meta-analyses on the Triglyceride and Glucose (TyG) Index, providing insights to clinicians, researchers, and policymakers regarding the usefulness of this biomarker in various clinical settings.MethodsA comprehensive search was conducted in PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science up to April 14, 2024, without language restrictions. The AMSTAR2 checklist assessed the methodological quality of the included meta-analyses. Statistical analyses were performed using Comprehensive Meta-Analysis (CMA) software.ResultsA total of 32 studies were finally included. The results revealed significant associations between the TyG index and various health outcomes. For kidney outcomes, a high TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of contrast-induced nephropathy (CIN) (OR = 2.24, 95% CI: 1.82-2.77) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) (RR = 1.46, 95% CI: 1.32-1.63). High TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (RR = 3.53, 95% CI: 2.74-4.54), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (OR = 2.41, 95% CI: 1.48-3.91), and diabetic retinopathy (DR) (OR = 2.34, 95% CI: 1.31-4.19). Regarding metabolic diseases, the TyG index was significantly higher in patients with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) (SMD = 0.86, 95% CI: 0.57-1.15), metabolic syndrome (MD = 0.83, 95% CI: 0.74-0.93), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) (OR = 2.36, 95% CI: 1.88-2.97) compared to those without these conditions. In cerebrovascular diseases, a higher TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of dementia (OR = 1.14, 95% CI: 1.12-1.16), cognitive impairment (OR = 2.31, 95% CI: 1.38-3.86), and ischemic stroke (OR = 1.37, 95% CI: 1.22-1.54). For cardiovascular outcomes, the TyG index showed significant associations with an increased risk of heart failure (HF) (HR = 1.21, 95% CI: 1.12-1.30), atrial fibrillation (AF) (SMD = 1.22, 95% CI: 0.57-1.87), and hypertension (HTN) (RR = 1.52, 95% CI: 1.25-1.85).ConclusionThe TyG index is a promising biomarker for screening and predicting various medical conditions, particularly those related to insulin resistance and metabolic disorders. However, the heterogeneity and methodological quality of the included studies suggest the need for further high-quality research to confirm these findings and refine the clinical utility of the TyG index.
Can the Onset of Type 2 Diabetes Be Delayed by a Group-Based Lifestyle Intervention in Women with Prediabetes following Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM)? Findings from a Randomized Control Mixed Methods Trial; Objective. To evaluate a 12-week group-based lifestyle intervention programme for women with prediabetes following gestational diabetes (GDM). Design. A two-group, mixed methods randomized controlled trial in which 50 women with a history of GDM and abnormal glucose tolerance postpartum were randomly assigned to intervention (n = 24) or wait control (n = 26) and postintervention qualitative interviews with participants. Main Outcome Measures. Modifiable biochemical, anthropometric, behavioural, and psychosocial risk factors associated with the development of type 2 diabetes. The primary outcome variable was the change in fasting plasma glucose (FPG) from study entry to one-year follow-up. Results. At one-year follow-up, the intervention group showed significant improvements over the wait control group on stress, diet self-efficacy, and quality of life. There was no evidence of an effect of the intervention on measures of biochemistry or anthropometry; the effect on one health behaviour, diet adherence, was close to significance. Conclusions. Prevention programmes must tackle the barriers to participation faced by this population; home-based interventions should be investigated. Strategies for promoting long-term health self-management need to be developed and tested.
Cardiac function in fetuses of poorly-controlled pre-gestational diabetic pregnancies - A pilot study; Objective: Cardiac impairment is frequently found in babies of diabetic mothers. It is still controversial whether this is due to poor glucose control. The aim of this study is to compare the cardiac function in fetuses of well- and poorly-controlled pre-gestational diabetic pregnancy in third trimester. Methods:Women with type 1 pre-gestational diabetes were enrolled at 30-32 weeks. Cardiac size and interventricular septal wall thickness were measured by M-mode at end-diastolic phase. The right and left ventricular ejection fractions were calculated. At the mitral and tricuspid valves inflow, the ratio between early ventricular filling and active atrial filling (E/A) at both atrioventricular valves were measured by Doppler echocardiography. Peak velocities of ascending aorta and pulmonary artery were assessed. The angle of isonation was kept at <20degrees. Women with poorly-controlled diabetes (HbA1c >6.5%) were compared with those with satisfactorily controlled diabetes (HbA1c less than or equal to 6.5%). Results: A total of 21 women with pre-gestational diabetes were recruited for this study. Eight women with well-controlled diabetes were compared with 9 women who had poorly-controlled diabetes. HbA1c in the poorly-controlled group was 7.3% and in the well-controlled group it was 5.4% (p < 0.001). There was no difference between the two groups in cardiac size, interventricular septal wall thickness, ejection fraction, aorta and pulmonary artery peak flow velocities. The right atrioventricular E/A ratio was significantly lower among the poorly-controlled diabetic pregnancies (0.71 vs. 0.54; p < 0.05). Conclusion: Fetuses of poorly-controlled diabetic mothers had a lower right atrioventricular E/A ratio. This may be due to metabolic acidosis, non-hypertrophic cardiac dysfunction or fetal polycythemia. Copyright (C) 2003 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Mitochondrial Transfer Improves Cardiomyocyte Bioenergetics and Viability in Male Rats Exposed to Pregestational Diabetes; Offspring born to diabetic or obese mothers have a higher lifetime risk of heart disease. Previously, we found that rat offspring exposed to late-gestational diabetes mellitus (LGDM) and maternal high-fat (HF) diet develop mitochondrial dysfunction, impaired cardiomyocyte bioenergetics, and cardiac dysfunction at birth and again during aging. Here, we compared echocardiography, cardiomyocyte bioenergetics, oxidative damage, and mitochondria-mediated cell death among control, pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM)-exposed, HF-diet-exposed, and combination-exposed newborn offspring. We hypothesized that PGDM exposure, similar to LGDM, causes mitochondrial dysfunction to play a central, pathogenic role in neonatal cardiomyopathy. We found that PGDM-exposed offspring, similar to LGDM-exposed offspring, have cardiac dysfunction at birth, but their isolated cardiomyocytes have seemingly less bioenergetics impairment. This finding was due to confounding by impaired viability related to poorer ATP generation, more lipid peroxidation, and faster apoptosis under metabolic stress. To mechanistically isolate and test the role of mitochondria, we transferred mitochondria from normal rat myocardium to control and exposed neonatal rat cardiomyocytes. As expected, transfer provides a respiratory boost to cardiomyocytes from all groups. They also reduce apoptosis in PGDM-exposed males, but not in females. Findings highlight sex-specific differences in mitochondria-mediated mechanisms of developmentally programmed heart disease and underscore potential caveats of therapeutic mitochondrial transfer.
Moderate Hypoxia Exhibits Increased. Endothelial Progenitor Vessel-forming Ability However Gestational Diabetes Caused to Impede Compensatory Defense Reaction; Endothelium represents a defense barrier and responds and integrates neuro humoral stimulus which describes as a compensatory mechanism. Endothelium formed with endothelial cells (ECs) and their progenitors. Endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) represent minor subpopulation of mononuclear cells in the blood. During acute hypoxia, larger amount of EPCs mobilize into the peripheral blood and they directly contribute revascularization process. One of the subtypes of EPC is termed endothelial colony forming cells (ECFCs) which they possess de novo vessel-forming ability. The present study aims to investigate the role of hypoxia in EPCs functional and vessel-forming ability. Furthermore, it was investigated whether fetal exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment influence EPCs adaptation ability. Human umbilical cord blood (HUCB) derived ECFCs were selected in all experimental procedures obtained from normal and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) subjects via in vitro cell culture methods. Early passage (<5) HUCB ECFCs obtain from GDM (n; 5) and control (n; 5) subjects were cultured with plates pre-coated with collagen in vitro 72 h hypoxic as well as normoxic condition. Endothelial, angiogenic and hypoxia associated gene specific primers designed to perform Real-time PCR Senescenes assay conducted onto HUCB ECFCs to investigate their functional clonogenic ability. To quantify their vessel forming ability matrigel assay was applied. These data demonstrates that moderate hypoxia results increased vessel-forming ability and VEGFA expression in HUCB ECFCs obtained from control subjects. However, GDM caused to impede compensatory defense reaction against hypoxia which observed in control subjects. Thus, it illuminates beneficial information related future therapeutic modalities.
Comprehensive assessment of biventricular myocardial function by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography in infants of gestational diabetic mothers; Aims No previous research provided a complete biventricular and multidirectional left ventricular (LV) functional assessment by two-dimensional (2D) speckle tracking echocardiography (STE) in infants of gestational diabetic mothers (IGDM) Methods A total of 30 consecutive IGDM and 30 infants of healthy mothers were examined between March 2021 and July 2021. Both groups of infants underwent evaluation by neonatologist and 2D transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) implemented with 2D-STE quantification of LV-global longitudinal strain (GLS), LV-global circumferential strain (GCS), LV-global radial strain (GRS) and right ventricular (RV)-GLS, within 3 days of life and at 40 days after birth. Predictors of persistent subclinical myocardial dysfunction, defined as a LVGLS less negative than -20% at 40-day follow-up, in IGDM population, were determined. Results At 2.2 +/- 1.3 days after birth, LV-GLS (- 17.2 +/- 1.9 vs. - 23.9 +/- 3.8%), LV-GCS (- 17.9 +/- 2.7 vs. - 27.3 +/- 3.4%), LV-GRS (25.6 +/- 3.4 vs. 35.8 +/- 3.6%) and RV-GLS (- 17.6 +/- 3.6 vs. - 22.6 +/- 3.8%) were significantly impaired in IGDM than controls (all p < 0.001). At 36.8 +/- 5.2 days of life, LV-GLS was still impaired (less negative than -20%) in 26.6% of IGDM. Maternal third trimester body mass index (BMI) (OR 1.89, 95%CI 1.05-3.39) and third trimester glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1C) (OR 1.59, 95%CI 1.08-2.19) were independently associated with persistent LV-GLS impairment in IGDM. Maternal BMI >= 30 Kg/m2 and HbA1C >= 38 mmol/mol showed the maximum of sensitivity and specificity for predicting persistent subclinical myocardial dysfunction in IGDM at 40 days of life. Conclusions IGDM have diffuse pattern of myocardial dysfunction during perinatal period. This dysfunction may be persistent up to 40 days of life in infants of GDM women with obesity and uncontrolled diabetes.
Classical Cardiovascular Risk Markers in Pregnancy and Associations to Uteroplacental Acute Atherosis; Uteroplacental acute atherosis (AA) is a pregnancy-specific arterial lesion resembling early stages of atherosclerosis. AA is frequent in preeclamptic pregnancies, which associate with increased long-term maternal risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. We hypothesized that AA in pregnant women associates with classical risk factors for cardiovascular disease, including hypertension, hyperlipidemia, glucose intolerance, elevated C-reactive protein, age, and body mass index. We included 237 women delivered by cesarean section (healthy pregnancies, n=94; preeclampsia, n=87; pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus, n=39; diabetes mellitus with preeclampsia, n=17). They provided blood before delivery for biomarker analyses. AA was diagnosed by immunohistochemistry in uteroplacental (decidual) tissue collected after placental removal. Statistical analyses were performed with Mann-Whitney test. Levels of traditional cardiovascular markers were not associated with decidual AA within the groups of women with normotensive pregnancies, preeclampsia, diabetes mellitus, or diabetes mellitus superimposed with preeclampsia. However, the oldest patient age quartile (36-43 years old) with AA had significantly higher levels of LDL (low-density lipoprotein) and apolipoprotein B (both P<0.01) than women of the same age without AA. AA was associated with elevated median prepregnancy/early pregnancy systolic blood pressure (P=0.01) in the total cohort, but as preeclampsia was strongly associated with this finding (P<0.01), this was likely caused by a large proportion of preeclamptic pregnancies in the AA group (62.7%). Our findings demonstrate that dyslipidemia associated with cardiovascular risk is a feature of uteroplacental AA in older women, not of AA in pregnancy in general.
A mouse model of gestation-specific transient hyperglycemia for translational studies; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is estimated at 14% globally, and in some countries, such as Singapore, exceeds 20%. Both women and children exposed to GDM have an increased risk of later metabolic diseases, cardiovascular disease and other health issues. Beyond lifestyle changes and pharmaceutical intervention using existing type 2 diabetes medications for expecting women, there are limited treatment options for women with GDM; targeting better outcomes of potentially affected infants is unexplored. Numerous animal models have been generated for understanding of pathological processes of GDM development and for development of treatment strategies. These models, however, suffer from limited windows of opportunity to examine risk factors and potential intervention options. By combining short-term high-fat diet (HFD) feeding and low-dose streptozotocin (STZ) treatments before pregnancy, we have established a mouse model with marked transient gestation-specific hyperglycemia, which allows testing of nutritional and pharmacological interventions before, during and beyond pregnancy.
The study of women, infant feeding and type 2 diabetes after GDM pregnancy and growth of their offspring (SWIFT Offspring study): prospective design, methodology and baseline characteristics; Background: Breastfeeding is associated with reduced risk of becoming overweight or obese later in life. Breastfed babies grow more slowly during infancy than formula-fed babies. Among offspring exposed in utero to maternal glucose intolerance, prospective data on growth during infancy have been unavailable. Thus, scientific evidence is insufficient to conclude that breastfeeding reduces the risk of obesity among the offspring of diabetic mothers (ODM). To address this gap, we devised the Study of Women, Infant Feeding and Type 2 Diabetes after GDM Pregnancy and Growth of their Offspring, also known as the SWIFT Offspring Study. This prospective, longitudinal study recruited mother-infant pairs from the SWIFT Study, a prospective study of women with recent gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The goal of the SWIFT Offspring Study is to determine whether breastfeeding intensity and duration, compared with formula feeding, are related to slower growth of GDM offspring during the first year life. This article details the study design, participant eligibility, data collection, and methodologies. We also describe the baseline characteristics of the GDM mother-infant pairs. Methods: The study enrolled 466 mother-infant pairs among GDM deliveries in northern California from 2009-2011. Participants attended three in-person study exams at 6-9 weeks, 6 months and 12 months after delivery for infant anthropometry (head circumference, body weight, length, abdominal circumference and skinfold thicknesses), as well as maternal anthropometry (body weight, waist circumference and percent body fat). Mothers also completed questionnaires on health and lifestyle behaviors, including infant diet, sleep and temperament. Breastfeeding intensity and duration were assessed via several sources (diaries, telephone interviews, monthly mailings and in-person exams) from birth through the first year of life. Pregnancy course, clinical perinatal and newborn outcomes were obtained from health plan electronic medical records. Infant saliva samples were collected and stored for genetics studies. Discussion: This large, racially and ethnically diverse cohort of GDM offspring will enable evaluation of the relationship of infant feeding to growth during infancy independent of perinatal characteristics, sociodemographics and other risk factors. The longitudinal design provides the first quantitative measures of breastfeeding intensity and duration among GDM offspring during early life.
Influence of maternal metabolism on fetal development; Background Human development is already influenced by external factors in utero. During this vulnerable period, developmental origins of health and disease emerge, with maternal metabolism playing a central role. Scope of review In this article, studies that examine the influence of maternal parameters related to metabolism on fetal development of the central and autonomous nervous system are summarized. Conclusion Maternal factors during pregnancy (weight gain, insulin sensitivity, gestational diabetes) and before pregnancy (body mass index, preconceptional diabetes) can influence a number of fetal factors, like postprandial brain activity in response to stimulation, spontaneous brain activity, fetal heart rate, and fetal postprandial heart rate variability.
Prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome in Women After Maternal Complications of Pregnancy: An Observational Cohort Analysis; IntroductionCertain complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, intrauterine growth restriction, spontaneous preterm birth, and placental abruption, are established independent risk factors for premature cardiovascular disease in women. Metabolic syndrome, which is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, may be a suitable alternative to traditional cardiovascular risk calculators that underestimate risk in young women. This study aimed to investigate the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in women who experienced a complicated pregnancy 6 months earlier. MethodsThis observational study investigated the prevalence of metabolic syndrome as defined by the International Diabetes Federation in all eligible participants (n = 247) attending a postpartum lifestyle intervention clinic from August 2018 to June 2021 at the Lyell McEwin Hospital in Adelaide, South Australia. ResultsA total of 89 (36%) participants met the criteria for metabolic syndrome at a mean follow up time of 7 months postpartum. Almost 90% of the cohort were abdominally obese, and over two thirds of the total cohort met at least two of the criteria for metabolic syndrome. ConclusionsWomen with a prior history of one of the common major pregnancy complications are at high risk of future cardiovascular and metabolic disease, with many showing either metabolic syndrome or multiple risk factors at only 7 months postpartum. The results indicate that follow-up within 1 year postpartum is an appropriate time to commence preventative strategies, as many women are already showing early signs of disease.
Estudio Parto: postpartum diabetes prevention program for hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance in pregnancy: a randomised controlled trial - study protocol; Background: Diabetes and obesity have reached epidemic proportions in the U. S. with rates consistently higher among Hispanics as compared to non-Hispanic whites. Among Hispanic women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), 50% will go on to develop type 2 diabetes within 5 years of the index pregnancy. Although randomised controlled trials among adults with impaired glucose tolerance have shown that diet and physical activity reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes, such programs have not been tested in high-risk postpartum women. The overall goal of this randomised controlled trial is to test the efficacy of a culturally and linguistically modified, individually-tailored lifestyle intervention to reduce risk factors for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease among postpartum Hispanic women with a history of abnormal glucose tolerance during pregnancy. Methods/Design: Hispanic pregnant women who screen positive for GDM will be recruited and randomly assigned to a Lifestyle Intervention (n = 150) or a Health & Wellness (control) Intervention (n = 150). Multimodal contacts (i.e., in-person, telephone, and mailed materials) will be used to deliver the intervention from late pregnancy (29 weeks gestation) to 12 months postpartum. Targets of the intervention are to achieve Institute of Medicine Guidelines for postpartum weight loss; American Congress of Obstetrician and Gynecologist guidelines for physical activity; and American Diabetes Association guidelines for diet. The intervention draws from Social Cognitive Theory and the Transtheoretical Model and addresses the specific cultural and environmental challenges faced by low-income Hispanic women. Assessments will be conducted at enrollment, and at 6-weeks, 6-months, and 12-months postpartum by trained bicultural and bilingual personnel blinded to the intervention arm. Efficacy will be assessed via postpartum weight loss and biomarkers of insulin resistance and cardiovascular risk. Changes in physical activity and diet will be measured via 7-day actigraph data and three unannounced 24-hour dietary recalls at each assessment time period. Discussion: Hispanic women are the fastest growing minority group in the U. S. and have the highest rates of sedentary behavior and postpartum diabetes after a diagnosis of GDM. This randomised trial uses a high-reach, low-cost strategy that can readily be translated into clinical practice in underserved and minority populations.
Association Between Changes in Postpartum Weight and Waist Circumference and Changes in Cardiometabolic Risk Factors Among Women With Recent Gestational Diabetes; Introduction Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 30% to 70% risk for developing type 2 diabetes and are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease. Little is known about how anthropometric changes in the first postpartum year modify cardiometabolic risk factors. Methods We randomly assigned women in the Balance After Baby study to an intervention group consisting of participation in a web-based lifestyle program or to a control group in which no program was offered. We measured weight, height, waist circumference, blood pressure, lipids, insulin, adiponectin, interleukin-6, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and we conducted 2-hour oral glucose tolerance tests at 6 weeks, 6 months, and 12 months postpartum. We evaluated whether women assigned to the intervention had improved cardiometabolic risk markers compared with the control group. We then conducted a post-hoc analysis, pooling the 2 groups to compare changes in weight and waist circumference with changes in cardiometabolic risk factors. Results Women in the intervention group did not significantly improve cardiometabolic risk markers compared with women in the control group. We noted a large overlap of weight change and change in waist circumference between groups. In our post-hoc analysis pooling groups, changes in diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors were significantly correlated with changes in weight and waist circumference. The strongest associations were observed for fasting insulin, HOMA, and fasting glucose. Conclusion Anthropometric changes in weight and waist circumference in women with recent GDM may affect cardiometabolic risk factors, even in the first postpartum year. Our study demonstrates the importance of the postpartum year as an opportunity to decrease future risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women with a history of GDM.
Cardiovascular Disease in Somali Women in the Diaspora; With globalization and transnational migration, there is an increasing need for health systems in destination countries to consider the healthcare needs of diverse immigrant populations. This article reviews the literature on cardiovascular disease and its risk factors in Somali women in the diaspora. Although we found no studies on cardiovascular disease per se, the little extant research demonstrates that Somali women are exposed to multiple risk factors for cardiovascular disease. This important area of research may have been neglected due to an inordinate focus on maternal and reproductive health. We call for a more inclusive approach to Somali women's health that takes into account social and cultural contexts of women's lives while addressing health and illness experienced across the lifespan.
Nucleated red blood cells in healthy infants of women with gestational diabetes; Objective: To evaluate whether absolute nucleated red blood cell (RBC) counts are elevated in large-for-gestational-age (LGA) infants of women with gestational diabetes compared with appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) infants of women with or without gestational diabetes. Methods: We compared absolute nucleated RBC counts during the first 12 hours of life in three groups of term, vaginally delivered infants, LGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (n = 20), AGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (n = 20), and AGA infants of nondiabetic women (n = 30). We excluded infants of women with hypertension, smoking, alcohol or drug abuse, and those with fetal heart rate abnormalities in labor, low Apgar scores, hemolysis, blood loss, or chromosomal anomalies. Results: There were no significant differences among groups in gestational age, gravidity, parity, maternal analgesia, 1- and 5-minute Apgar scores, and lymphocyte counts. Corrected white blood cell counts and hematocrit were significantly higher in LGA infants of women with gestational diabetes than in the other groups. The median nucleated RBC count was significantly higher in LGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (0.56 x 10(9)/L, range 0-1.8 x 10(9)/L) than AGA. infants of women with gestational diabetes (0.13 x 10(9)/L, range 0-0.65 x 10(9)/L) and controls (0.0005 x 10(9)/L, range 0-0.65 x 10(9)/L) (P <.001). Multiple regression analysis showed that absolute nucleated RBC count was significantly correlated with birth weight (or macrosomia) and maternal diabetic status (r(2) =.25, P <.001 for the multiple regression, contribution of birth weight r(2) =.19, and diabetes r(2) =.06). Conclusion: At birth, term LGA infants born to women with gestational diabetes had higher absolute nucleated RBC counts compared with AGA infants born to women with gestational diabetes and controls. (Obstet Gynecol 2000;95:84-6. (C) 2000 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.).
How to stay heart healthy in 2011: considerations for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease in women; More women die of cardiovascular disease than any other cause. Effective primary prevention depends on accurate assessment of risk status. While most risk factors are similar for men and women, risk factors may differ in magnitude between the sexes, and recognition of gender-specific risk factors such as gestational diabetes, hypertensive syndromes of pregnancy and polycystic ovarian syndrome provides opportunities for early intervention and prevention. Obesity, hypertension and hyperlipidemia affect both genders; however, women often postpone addressing these risk factors until later in life. The American Heart Association emphasizes that all women are at cardiovascular risk and should maintain a healthy lifestyle and avoid smoking. Blood pressure, hyperlipidemia and diabetes should be aggressively treated. Current available data regarding proposed preventive drug therapies including daily aspirin, HRT,vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acid supplements will be reviewed.
Maternal hyperglycemia affects cell proliferation signalling and stromal organization in the prostate of neonatal and juvenile rat offspring; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a common medical complication during pregnancy. It creates a hyperglycemic environment and impacts offspring development, increasing the risk of long-term complications, including obesity, impaired glucose metabolism and cardiovascular disease. The impact of gestational diabetes on the prostates of adult offspring has already been described; however, it is not known whether these effects are due only to the maternal condition or whether the offspring develop them throughout life. This investigation evaluated the prostates of neonatal and juvenile offspring of hyperglycemic rats due to diabetes. Diabetes was induced with streptozotocin (50 mg/kg, ip) in pregnant Wistar rats and the prostates of 7- or 30-day-old pups from healthy (PC7, PC30) or diabetic (PD7, PD30) mothers were evaluated. We found reduced body weight in pups of PD7 and PD30 and prostate weight in PD30. Prostate branching was not affected, but a reduction in apoptotic levels was associated with impaired acinar bud canalization in neonates. Additionally, PD7 presented reduced ERK1/2 phosphorylation, cell proliferation and collagen, but fibroblasts were increased. In PD30, there was a reduction in the area of the secretory epithelium and stroma, but the luminal area was increased. Moreover, fibroblasts, smooth muscle cells, collagen and metalloproteinase 2 were decreased in these juvenile pups. These data indicate that maternal hyperglycemia inactivates an important cell proliferation signaling pathway in the prostate in the first postnatal days (which is restored in the juvenile period), but it was not sufficient to avoid epithelial and stromal atrophy. This effect on postnatal gland development may impact the reproductive capacity of the prostate in adult life.
Hyperglycaemia in pregnancy: knowledge and correlates amongst antenatal care providers in healthcare facilities in Jos, Nigeria; Background: Antenatal healthcare providers' (AHPs) knowledge about hyperglycaemia in pregnancy (HIP) and its screening best practices affect the management of affected pregnant women. We assessed the knowledge of HIP and associated factors amongst first line AHPs. Methods: This descriptive cross-sectional study involved 188 Doctors, Nurses and Community Health providers directly in-volved in providing antenatal care at all levels of health care in Jos, Plateau State, Nigeria, selected through total sampling tech-nique. Result: A total of 103 AHPs (54.8%) were females. The mean knowledge score (SD) score was 17.0+/-5.5 (out of 30). Only 93 (49.5%) had a good knowledge of HIP (Knowledge score >= 18). Only 88 (46.8%) could correctly identify 75g OGTT or 100g OGTT as diagnostic tests for GDM. Gender, category of hospital, level of care of the institution and job designation were significantly associated with knowledge of HIP after bivariate analysis (p < 0.05). After multivariate analysis using logistic re- gression analysis, only the category of institution and job designation were independently associated with knowledge of HIP. Conclusion: The general level of knowledge of HIP among AHPs is average but awareness of testing and management guide-lines is very poor hence the need for regular updates for health professionals.
Effect of Treatment of Mild Gestational Diabetes on Long-Term Maternal Outcomes; Objective The main purpose of this article is to evaluate whether identification and treatment of women with mild gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during pregnancy affects subsequent maternal body mass index (BMI), anthropometry, metabolic syndrome, and risk of diabetes. Study Design This is a follow-up study of women who participated in a randomized controlled treatment trial for mild GDM. Women were enrolled between 5 and 10 years after their index pregnancy. Participants underwent blood pressure, height, weight, and anthropometric measurements by trained nursing personnel using a standardized approach. A nurse-assisted questionnaire regarding screening and treatment of diabetes or hypercholesterolemia, diet, and physical activity was completed. Laboratory evaluation included fasting serum glucose, fasting insulin, oral glucose tolerance test, and a lipid panel. Subsequent diabetes, metabolic syndrome, obesity, and adiposity in those diagnosed with mild GDM and randomized to nutritional counseling and medical therapy ( treated) were compared with those who underwent routine pregnancy management (untreated). Multivariable analyses were performed adjusting for race/ethnicity and years between randomization and follow-up visit. Results Four-hundred fifty-seven women with mild GDM during the index pregnancy were included in this analysis (243 treated; 214 untreated) and evaluated at a median 7 years after their index pregnancy. Baseline and follow-up characteristics were similar between treatment groups. Frequency of diabetes (9.2 vs. 8.5%, p = 0.80), metabolic syndrome (32.2 vs. 34.3%, p = 0.63), as well as adjusted mean values of homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (2.5 vs. 2.3, p = 0.11) and BMI (29.4 vs. 29.1 kg/m(2), p = 0.67) were also not different. Conclusion Identification and treatment of women with mild GDM during pregnancy had no discernible impact on subsequent diabetes, metabolic syndrome, or obesity 7 years after delivery.
Pregnancy and Reproductive Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease in Women; Beyond conventional risk factors for cardiovascular disease, women face an additional burden of sex-specific risk factors. Key stages of a woman's reproductive history may influence or reveal short- and long-term cardiometabolic and cardiovascular trajectories. Early and late menarche, polycystic ovary syndrome, infertility, adverse pregnancy outcomes (eg, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, and intrauterine growth restriction), and absence of breastfeeding are all associated with increased future cardiovascular disease risk. The menopause transition additionally represents a period of accelerated cardiovascular disease risk, with timing (eg, premature menopause), mechanism, and symptoms of menopause, as well as treatment of menopause symptoms, each contributing to this risk. Differences in conventional cardiovascular disease risk factors appear to explain some, but not all, of the observed associations between reproductive history and later-life cardiovascular disease; further research is needed to elucidate hormonal effects and unique sex-specific disease mechanisms. A history of reproductive risk factors represents an opportunity for comprehensive risk factor screening, refinement of cardiovascular disease risk assessment, and implementation of primordial and primary prevention to optimize long-term cardiometabolic health in women.
Potential prognostic biomarkers of cardiovascular disease in fetal macrosomia: the impact of gestational diabetes; Objective: Fetal macrosomia is associated with cardiac hypertrophy and increased cardiovascular risk. Cardiac biomarkers may play diagnostic/prognostic role in cardiovascular disease. We tested whether cardiac biomarkers are differentially expressed in cord blood samples of full-term singleton large-for-gestational-age (LGA), as compared to appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) pregnancies. Methods: Cardiotrophin-1 (CT-1), Titin, pentraxin (PTX-3) and soluble CD36 (sCD36) concentrations were determined in 80 cord blood samples from a) LGA pregnancies due to maternal diabetes (n = 8), overweight/obese (n = 11), excessive weight gain (n = 7), without specific pathology (n = 14), b) AGA normal pregnancies (controls, n = 40). Neonates were classified as LGA or AGA based on customized birth weight (BW) standards. Results: CT-1 and Titin concentrations were higher in LGA than AGA pregnancies (p<.001 and p =.023, respectively). A subgroup analysis (in the LGA group) showed increased CT-1 concentrations only in diabetic pregnancies. PTX-3 and sCD36 concentrations were similar in LGA and AGA fetuses. In the LGA group, PTX-3 concentrations positively correlated with birth-weight (r=.416, p=.008) and respective sCD36 concentrations (r=.443, p=.004). Conclusion: Higher Titin concentrations in LGAs possibly represent a candidate molecular mechanism underlying the association between fetal macrosomia and cardiomyocyte/diastolic dysfunction. CT-1 is up-regulated only in LGAs exposed to maternal diabetes. PTX-3 and sCD36 are probably not affected by excessive fetal growth.
Pregnancy-Related Risk Factors Are Associated With a Significant Burden of Treated Hypertension Within 10 Years of Delivery: Findings From a Population-Based Norwegian Cohort; Background-The association between pregnancy complications and women's later cardiovascular disease has, primarily, been evaluated in studies lacking information on important covariates. This report evaluates the prospective associations between pregnancy-related risk factors (preeclampsia/eclampsia, gestational hypertension, pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and fetal growth restriction) and pharmacologically treated hypertension within 10 years after pregnancy, while adjusting for a wide range of covariates. Methods and Results-Prepregnancy normotensive women participating in the MoBa (Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study) from January 2004 through July 2009 were linked to the Norwegian Prescription Database to identify women with pharmacologically treated hypertension beyond the postpartum period of 3 months. The burden of hypertension associated with pregnancy-related risk factors was evaluated using an attributable fraction method. A total of 1480 women developed pharmacologically treated hypertension within the follow-up among 60 027 women (rate of hypertension, 3.6/1000 person-years). The proportion of hypertension associated with a history of preeclampsia/eclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm delivery, and pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus was 28.6% (95% confidence interval, 25.5%-31.6%) on the basis of multivariable analyses adjusting for numerous covariates. The proportion was similar for women with a healthy prepregnancy body mass index (18.5-24.9 kg/m(2) ; attributable fraction (AF)% 25.9%; 95% confidence interval, 21.3%-30.3%), but considerably higher for nulliparous women at baseline within the first 5 years of follow-up. Small-for-gestational age, however, did not increase subsequent hypertension risk in multivariable analyses. Conclusions-A structured postpartum follow-up of high-risk women identified through pregnancy-related risk factors would facilitate personalized preventive strategies to postpone or avoid onset of premature cardiovascular events.
Diabetes risk during pregnancy among second-generation immigrants: A national cohort study in Sweden; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes is more common in many first-generation immigrant women in Europe and other Western countries. Less is known about secondgeneration immigrant women; such knowledge is needed to understand generational influences on diabetes risk. We aimed to study second-generation immigrant women regarding the presence of all types of diabetes during pregnancy. Methods and results: A cohort study was conducted using the Swedish National Birth Register, the National Patient Register, and the Total Population Register. We used Cox regression analysis to compute hazard ratios (HRs) and 99% confidence intervals (99% CI) for any diabetes during pregnancy and specific subtypes (gestational diabetes, pre-existing diabetes type 1, pre-existing diabetes type 2) in second-generation immigrant women compared with Swedish-born women with two Swedish-born parents while adjusting for sociodemographic factors, family history of diabetes, body mass index, smoking habits, and comorbidities. The study population included a total of 989,986 deliveries and 17,938 diabetes cases. The fully adjusted HR (with 99% CI) for any type of diabetes during pregnancy among second-generation immigrant women was 1.11 (1.05 -1.18). Higher risks were found in women with parents from Africa, Asia, or Eastern Europe, as well as Denmark. A lower risk for pre-existing type 1 diabetes was found overall and for women with parents from most geographic regions. Conclusion: In this national cohort study, the risk of all types of diabetes during pregnancy was increased in second-generation immigrant women. Diabetes prevention and treatment is especially important in these women both before and during pregnancy. (c) 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
A prospective cohort study of early-pregnancy risk factors for gestational diabetes in polycystic ovarian syndrome; BackgroundPolycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is a strong risk factor for gestational diabetes (GDM). However, the association between features of PCOS during early pregnancy and the risk of GDM is not clearly characterized. In this prospective cohort study, we seek to identify early-pregnancy risk factors for GDM in PCOS women. MethodsBetween 2011 and 2013, 248 women with PCOS were followed from their first prenatal visit to delivery. Multiple early-pregnancy metabolic factors were evaluated for their association with the risk of GDM. ResultsAmong 248 subjects, 75 (30.2%) developed GDM. Single factor analysis identified a number of metabolic risk factors for GDM, including higher body mass index, fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and insulin resistance; abnormal cholesterol; elevated blood pressure and free androgen index; lower level of sex-hormone binding globulin (SHBG); and less gestational weight gain. Multivariate analysis showed that FPG, non-high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol and SHBG are independent predictive factors for GDM. ConclusionsOur study established strong association of multiple early-pregnancy risk factors with development of GDM in PCOS women. These risk factors are predominantly related to the regulation of glucose, lipid, and androgen metabolism. Among these factors, FPG, non-high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, and SHBG, predict incident GDM.
Predictors in the Index Pregnancy for Postpartal Metabolic Diseases in the Case of Gestational Diabetes; Gestational diabetes (GDM) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (Dm2) are together associated diseases characterized by insulin resistance. Dm2 is accompanied by the high cardiovascular risk of morbidity and mortality. Issue: It should be clarified whether in gestational diabetes already during pregnancy there can be found predictive markers which detect the risk of early postpartum metabolic diseases. Patients and Methods: 186 women (age 34 +/- 6 years [20 - 47], BMI 29 +/- 7 kg/m(2) [19 - 50]) were examined both in diagnosis and in the median 1 year from GDM regarding oGTT, insulin resistance, hyperlipoproteinemia, hsCRP, blood pressure. Results: One year after pregnancy with GDM-following disturbances of glucose metabolism could be found: iFG 12 %, iGT 8 %, iFG/iGT 7 %, Dm2 10 %. In pathological oGTT (37 %) vs. Healthy (63 %) the following parameters were higher: HOMA-Index (3.9 +/- 2.8 vs. 2.0 +/- 1.3, p < 0.001), C-peptide (3.6 +/- 3.2 vs. 2.1 +/- 1.2 ng/ml, p < 0.05), HbA1c (6.2 +/- 0.8 vs. 5.8 +/- 0.3 %, p < 0.0001), uric acid (306 +/- 63 vs. 275 +/- 74 mu mol/l, p < 0.01), triglyceride (1.7 +/- 0.9 vs. 1.1 +/- 0.5 mmol/l, p < 0.001), LDL/HDL-Quotient (2.7 +/- 0.9 vs. 2.1 +/- 0.9, p < 0.001), age (36 +/- 5 vs. 33 +/- 6 years, p < 0.01), BMI (32 +/- 7 vs. 27 +/- 6 kg/m(2), p < 0.001), blood pressure: (systolic 123 +/- 18 vs. 116 +/- 14 mmHg, p < 0.01, diastolic 78 +/- 12 vs. 72 +/- 10 mmHg, p < 0.01). Women with pathological oGTT postpartum showed at the time of index pregnancy a higher BMI (30 +/- 7 vs. 26 +/- 6 kg/m(2), p < 0.0001), needed a higher insulin dose per kg BW (0.8 +/- 0.5 vs. 0.5 +/- 0.3 IE, p < 0.0001), had a higher blood pressure: (systolic 126 +/- 16 vs. 118 +/- 13 mmHg, p < 0.01, diastolic 78 +/- 12 vs. 73 +/- 10 mmHg, p < 0.001) und showed higher laboratory parameters: oGTT-glucose (fasting 5.4 +/- 1.2 vs. 4.7 +/- 0.7, p < 0.001; 1 h 10.6 +/- 2.0 vs. 9.7 +/- 1.4, p < 0.001; 2 h 8.6 +/- 2.0 vs. 7.5 +/- 1.8 mmol/l, p < 0.01), HbA1c (6.1 +/- 0.5 vs. 5.7 +/- 0.4 %, p < 0.0001), uric acid (248 +/- 63 vs. 216 +/- 59 mu mol/l, p < 0.01), HOMA (4.7 +/- 3.8 vs. 3.0 +/- 2.1, p < 0.01); C-peptide (3.1 +/- 1.4 vs. 2.5 +/- 1.1 ng/ml, p < 0.01). Prognostically relevant regarding the predictability of a postpartal metabolic disorder there were the insulin dose >= 50 IE/day, the pregravide BMI >= 25 kg/m(2) and blood pressure >= 140/90 mmHg as the predictive markers to detect. Summary: An impaired glucose tolerance shows in the index pregnancy clear metabolic risk markers like metabolic disorder and high normal blood pressure. Women with GDM and increased risk markers require preventive therapies with early diagnosis and conservative treatments.
Previous High-Intensity Breastfeeding Lowers the Risk of an Abnormal Fasting Glucose in a Subsequent Pregnancy Oral Glucose Tolerance Test; Breastfeeding is associated with reduced lifetime cardiometabolic risk, but little is known regarding the metabolic benefit in a subsequent pregnancy. The primary aim of this study was to investigate the association between breastfeeding duration and intensity and next pregnancy oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results. A retrospective cohort study was conducted from March 2020 to October 2022. All multiparous women who met inclusion criteria and gave birth during the study period were eligible for inclusion. Analysis was stratified by risk for gestational diabetes (GDM). High GDM risk criteria included previous GDM and BMI > 35 kg/m(2). The association between breastfeeding duration and high-intensity breastfeeding (HIBF) and subsequent pregnancy OGTT were assessed with multivariate logistic models adjusted for statistically and clinically relevant covariables. There were 5374 multiparous participants who met the inclusion criteria for analysis. Of these, 61.7% had previously breastfed for >6 months, and 43.4% were at high risk for GDM. HIBF was associated with 47% reduced odds of an abnormal fasting glucose in a subsequent pregnancy OGTT (aOR 0.53; 95%CI 0.38-0.75; p < 0.01). There was no association between HIBF and other glucose results on the OGTT. Women who smoked were least likely to breastfeed at high intensity (aOR 0.31; 95%CI 0.21-0.47; p < 0.01). South Asian women had 65% higher odds of HIBF than women who identified as White/European (aOR 1.65; 1.36-2.00; p < 0.01). This study highlights the importance of exclusive breastfeeding to potentially reduce the prevalence of GDM and may also translate into long-term reduction of cardiometabolic risk.
Maternal Diabetes and Cognitive Performance in the Offspring: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Objective Diabetes during gestation is one of the most common pregnancy complications associated with adverse health effects for the mother and the child. Maternal diabetes has been proposed to negatively affect the cognitive abilities of the child, but experimental research assessing its impact is conflicting. The main aim of our study was to compare the cognitive function in children of diabetic and healthy pregnant women. Methods A systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted through a literature search using different electronic databases from the index date to January 31, 2015. We included studies that assessed the cognitive abilities in children (up to 14 years) of diabetic and non-diabetic mothers using standardized and validated neuropsychological tests. Results Of 7,698 references reviewed, 12 studies involving 6,140 infants met our inclusion criteria and contributed to meta-analysis. A random effect model was used to compute the standardized mean differences and 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated. Infants (1-2 years) of diabetic mothers had significantly lower scores of mental and psychomotor development compared to control infants. The effect size for mental development was -0.41 (95% CI -0.59, -0.24; p<0.0001) and for psychomotor development was -0.31 (95% CI -0.55, -0.07; p = 0.0125) with non-significant heterogeneity. Diabetes during pregnancy could be associated with decreased intelligence quotient scores in school-age children, although studies showed significant heterogeneity. Conclusion The association between maternal diabetes and deleterious effects on mental/psychomotor development and overall intellectual function in the offspring must be taken with caution. Results are based on observational cohorts and a direct causal influence of intrauterine hyperglycemia remains uncertain. Therefore, more trials that include larger populations are warranted to elucidate whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has a negative impact on offspring central nervous system (CNS).
Identifying Postpartum Intervention Approaches to Reduce Cardiometabolic Risk Among American Indian Women With Prior Gestational Diabetes, Oklahoma, 2012-2013; Introduction Innovative approaches are needed to reduce cardiometabolic risk among American Indian women with a history of gestational diabetes. We assessed beliefs of Oklahoma American Indian women about preventing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease after having gestational diabetes. We also assessed barriers and facilitators to healthy lifestyle changes postpartum and intervention approaches that facilitate participation in a postpartum lifestyle program. Methods In partnership with a tribal health system, we conducted a mixed-method study with American Indian women aged 19 to 45 years who had prior gestational diabetes, using questionnaires, focus groups, and individual interviews. Questionnaires were used to identify women's cardiometabolic risk perceptions and feasibility and acceptability of Internet or mobile phone technology for delivery of a postpartum lifestyle modification program. Focus groups and individual interviews were conducted to identify key perspectives and preferences related to a potential program. Results Participants were 26 women, all of whom completed surveys; 11 women participated in focus group sessions, and 15 participated in individual interviews. Most women believed they would inevitably develop diabetes, cardiovascular disease, or both; however, they were optimistic that they could delay onset with lifestyle change. Most women expressed enthusiasm for a family focused, technology-based intervention that emphasizes the importance of delaying disease onset, provides motivation, and promotes accountability while accommodating women's competing priorities. Conclusions Our findings suggest that an intervention that uses the Internet, text messaging, or both and that emphasizes the benefits of delaying disease onset should be tested as a novel, culturally relevant approach to reducing rates of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in this high-risk population.
Phenylephrine to obtund Oxytocin-induced Hemodynamic Changes during caesarean section; Aim: To compare mean hemodynamic changes in patients receiving phenylephrine as co-administration with oxytocin in elective caesarian section. Study Design: Randomized controlled trial. Setting: Department of anesthesia, Nishtar hospital Multan. Duration of Study: Dec-2017 to May-2018. Methods: A total number of 70 patients who underwent elective cesarean section (CS) under spinal anesthesia were included in this study. Group I: was allotted to patients in whom phenylephrine was administrated just prior to the administration of oxytocin and Group II: was allocated to the patients in whom a 3 ml injection of normal saline was given prior to oxytocin administration. Mean hemodynamic changes were measured in terms of changes in systolic blood pressure (SBP) and heart rate in every patient before administration of oxytocin and after 3 minutes. Mean changes in SBP and Heart rate was measured. Data analysis was carried out using SPSS v 20.0. Independent sample t-test was used to compare mean change in systolic blood pressure and heart rate between the groups. Results: Mean age of patients included in this study was 28.10 +/- 4.85 years. There were 4(5.7%) females who were having eclampsia during pregnancy and 5(7.14%) females were having gestational diabetes mellitus.Mean change in SBP was more in placebo group -8.13 +/- 18.02 versus -0.43 +/- 8.35 mmHg in phenylephrine group (p-value 0.04). Mean change in heart rate was 5.8 +/- 13.81 beat/min as compared to -14.06 +/- 11.39 beats/min in phenylephrine group (p-value <0.001). Conclusion: Phenylephrine significantly obtund oxytocin-induced changes in systolic blood pressure and heart rate (in terms of tachycardia) during caesarean section.
Evaluation of a Postpartum Cardiovascular Risk Screening Clinic: An Analysis of Interpregnancy and Subsequent Pregnancy Outcomes; Objective: At the Maternal Health Clinic (MHC), women with certain pregnancy complications are seen for appointments focusing on lifestyle modification and future pregnancy counselling. This study's objective is to determine whether women who attended the MHC following a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) have improved interpregnancy and subsequent pregnancy outcomes, compared with non-attendees. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted including all pregnancies >= 20 weeks gestation at Kingston Health Sciences Centre (KHSC) from April 2010 to Dec 2019. Women with >= 2 deliveries were eligible for inclusion, with 2 pregnancies per woman included. These criteria identified 178 patients who attended the MHC and 133 who did not. Continuous variables with normal distribution were assessed with independent sample t tests. Continuous variables without normal distribution and ordinal variables were assessed with Mann-Whitney U tests. Categorical variables were assessed with Pearson's chi(2) tests. Preterm delivery, HDP and GDM recurrence, HDP and GDM progression, and change in first-trimester blood pressure and pre-pregnancy weight were examined using multivariate regression modelling. Probability values <0.05 determined significance. Results: MHC attendance was associated with improvements in interpregnancy weight reduction (P = 0.002), fewer interpregnancy type II diabetes diagnoses (P < 0.001), and a later gestational age at delivery (P < 0.001). There were no differences in subsequent pregnancy complication recurrence rates of GDM (P = 0.731) or an HDP (P = 0.139) between cohorts. Conclusion: In our examination of MHC outcomes, we found improvements in certain interpregnancy and subsequent pregnancy outcomes. These results support the continued development and funding of these clinics. (C) 2021 The Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada/La Societe des obstetriciens et gynecologues du Canada. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Association Between Gestational Diabetes and Incident Maternal CKD: The Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk for diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. We evaluated whether GDM is associated with incident chronic kidney disease (CKD), controlling for prepregnancy risk factors for both conditions. Study Design: Prospective cohort. Setting & Participants: Of 2,747 women (aged 18-30 years) enrolled in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study in 1985 to 86, we studied 820 who were nulliparous at enrollment, delivered at least 1 pregnancy longer than 20 weeks' gestation, and had kidney function measurements during 25 years of follow-up. Predictor: GDM was self-reported by women for each pregnancy. Outcomes: CKD was defined as the development of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) < 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) or urine albumin-creatinine ratio >= 25 mg/g at any one CARDIA examination in years 10, 15, 20, or 25. Measurements: HRs for developing CKD were estimated for women who developed GDM versus women without GDM using complementary log-log models, adjusting for prepregnancy age, systolic blood pressure, dyslipidemia, body mass index, smoking, education, eGFR, fasting glucose concentration, physical activity level (all measured at the CARDIA examination before the first pregnancy), race, and family history of diabetes. We explored for an interaction between race and GDM. Results: During a mean follow-up of 20.8 years, 105 of 820 (12.8%) women developed CKD, predominantly increased urine albumin excretion (98 albuminuria only, 4 decreased eGFR only, and 3 both). There was evidence of a GDM-race interaction on CKD risk (P = 0.06). Among black women, the adjusted HR for CKD was 1.96 (95% CI, 1.04-3.67) in GDM compared with those without GDM. Among white women, the HR was 0.65 (95% CI, 0.23-1.83). Limitations: Albuminuria was assessed by single untimed measurements of urine albumin and creatinine. Conclusions: GDM is associated with the subsequent development of albuminuria among black women in CARDIA.
Interpregnancy Weight Gain and Cesarean Delivery Risk in Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes; OBJECTIVE: Along with the rising prevalence of obesity, rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and associated adverse outcomes also have increased. We conducted a population-based, retrospective cohort study to assess the association of weight gain between pregnancies with cesarean delivery for the subsequent pregnancy among women with a history of GDM. METHODS: Using linked birth-certificate data for women with at least two singleton births in Washington State during the period from 1992-2005, we identified 2,753 women with GDM who delivered vaginally at the baseline pregnancy (first pregnancy on record). The interpregnancy weight change (subsequent-baseline prepregnancy weight) for each woman was calculated and assigned to one of three categories: weight loss (more than 10 lb), weight stable (10 lb), or weight gain (more than 10 lb). Multiple logistic regression was used to calculate the risk (odds ratio [OR]) of cesarean delivery at the subsequent pregnancy among the weight-gain and weight-loss groups relative to the weight-stable category. RESULTS: Among 2,581 eligible women, 10.9% lost more than 10 lb between pregnancies, 54.0% were weight-stable, and 35.1% gained more than 10 lb. Women who gained more than 10 lb had an adjusted OR for subsequent cesarean delivery of 1.70 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.16-2.49, 9.7% of women who gained weight), whereas the adjusted OR for women who lost weight was 0.55 (95% CI 0.28-1.10, 4.7% of women who lost weight). CONCLUSION: Women with a history of GDM who gained more than 10 lb between pregnancies are at increased risk of future cesarean delivery. Appropriate weight management among women with a history of GDM may result in decreased cesarean delivery rates along with decreases in associated excess risks and costs. (Obstet Gynecol 2009;113:817-23)
Pregnancy outcome after bariatric surgery for obesity; Obesity, generally defined as body mass index (BMI) of 30 kg/m(2) and above, is a universal growing epidemic. From a public health perspective, it represents an important modifiable risk factor for adverse health and pregnancy outcome. There is a significant association between obesity and diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders, ischemic heart disease and sleep apnea. During pregnancy, obesity is associated with fertility treatments, recurrent abortions, preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus and other complications such as labor dystocia, mal-presentations, fetal macrosomia, and higher rates of cesarean deliveries. Bariatric surgery is the only effective treatment for morbidly obese patients, and these operations are performed predominantly among women. Few studies have addressed pregnancy outcome after obesity surgery. Basically, pregnancy outcome is comparable to controls of normal BMI. This review aims to present updates on the relationship between obesity and pregnancy outcomes, and the outcome of patients following bariatric surgeries.
Gestational diabetes: A link between OGTT, maternal-fetal outcomes and maternal glucose tolerance after childbirth; Background and aim: The relationship among distribution of pathological values at the Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT), metabolic risk factors and pregnancy outcomes in women with Gestational Diabetes (GDM), has not been clearly identified. We retrospectively compared metabolic and therapeutic parameters, maternal -fetal outcomes and post-partum OGTTs, with respect to the number and distribution of altered values of diagnostic OGTT in pregnancy. Secondly, we assessed whether insulin therapy predictive factors were identifiable. Methods and results: This analysis included 602 pregnant women with GDM, followed in Diabetes and Pregnancy Unit of Perugia Hospital from diagnosis to childbirth. All women were diagnosed diabetic upon 75g OGTT, according IADPSG criteria. Women were divided into 3 groups, respect to distribution of diagnostic blood glucose (BG) values at OGTT: Group 1: only fasting BG (OGTT0h); Group 2: 1 and/or 2h (OGTT1-2h); Group 3: both fasting and 1 h and/or 2h (OGTT0thorn1-2h) BG. Pregnant women with fasting hyperglycemia at OGTT (Groups 1 and 3) had similar metabolic characteristics (weight, prevalence of obesity, gestational weight gain, HbA1c), a greater need for insulin therapy, and a higher risk of impaired glucose tolerance persistence after childbirth, as compared to Group 2. No significant differences were observed in terms of maternal and neonatal outcomes (p > 0.05), except for a greater prevalence of caesarean sections in Group 3. Conclusion: The metabolic characteristics of GDM women are mirrored by OGTT values at diagnosis, but are not associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Intensive management and a tailored treatment of GDM improve maternal-neonatal outcomes, regardless of diagnostic values distribution and pre-gestational metabolic characteristics. (C) 2020 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Glucose intolerance and gestational diabetes risk in relation to sleep duration and snoring during pregnancy: a pilot study; Background: Insufficient sleep and poor sleep quality, considered endemic in modern society, are associated with obesity, impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes. Little, however, is known about the consequences of insufficient sleep and poor sleep quality during pregnancy on glucose tolerance and gestational diabetes. Methods: A cohort of 1,290 women was interviewed during early pregnancy. We collected information about sleep duration and snoring during early pregnancy. Results from screening and diagnostic testing for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) were abstracted from medical records. Generalized linear models were fitted to derive relative risk (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) of GDM associated with sleep duration and snoring, respectively. Results: After adjusting for maternal age and race/ethnicity, GDM risk was increased among women sleeping <= 4 hours compared with those sleeping 9 hours per night (RR = 5.56; 95% CI 1.31-23.69). The corresponding RR for lean women (<25 kg/m(2)) was 3.23 (95% CI 0.34-30.41) and 9.83 (95% CI 1.12-86.32) for overweight women (>= 25 kg/m(2)). Overall, snoring was associated with a 1.86-fold increased risk of GDM (RR = 1.86; 95% CI 0.88-3.94). The risk of GDM was particularly elevated among overweight women who snored. Compared with lean women who did not snore, those who were overweight and snored had a 6.9-fold increased risk of GDM (95% CI 2.87-16.6). Conclusions: These preliminary findings suggest associations of short sleep duration and snoring with glucose intolerance and GDM. Though consistent with studies of men and non-pregnant women, larger studies that include objective measures of sleep duration, quality and apnea are needed to obtain more precise estimates of observed associations.
Effect of exercise intensity and duration on capillary glucose responses in pregnant women at low and high risk for gestational diabetes; Background Exercise may influence glucose metabolism during pregnancy. We examined the effect of exercise intensity and duration on capillary glucose responses in pregnant women at low and high risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) who followed a modified GDM meal plan. Methods Randomization occurred at study entry (16-20 weeks' gestation) into a low-intensity [30% heart rate reserve, low risk-30%I, n = 12; high risk-30%I, n = 11] or vigorous-intensity (70% heart rate reserve, low risk-70%I, n = 12; R-70%I, n = 11) exercise program with similar nutritional control. Exercise consisted of walking three to four times a week, gradually increasing time from 25 to 40 min/session. Free-living capillary glucose concentrations were measured once a week pre-exercise and post-exercise. Results Capillary glucose responses to exercise were strongly influenced by an interaction between GDM risk, exercise duration and exercise intensity (p = 0.006). Decreases in glucose concentrations were observed after 25 (4 +/- 13%), 35 (21 +/- 12%) and 40 min (15 +/- 18%) of walking in high risk-30%I women, with the most noticeable decline after 35 and 40 min. In the high risk-70%I, glucose concentrations decreased significantly only after 25 (22 +/- 14%) and 35 min (7 +/- 23%) and increasing the exercise time attenuated glucose concentrations decline. In low risk women, regardless of exercise intensity and duration, decreases in glucose concentrations were significant and similar. Conclusion To achieve the best decline in glucose concentrations, pregnant women who follow a modified GDM meal plan should walk for 25 min/session at vigorous intensity or for 3540 min/session at low intensity if they are at risk for GDM and for at least 25 min at either low or vigorous intensity if they are at low risk for GDM. Copyright (C) 2012 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype and LDL size and subclasses in women with gestational diabetes; Women with gestational diabetes are more likely to develop Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease after pregnancy; however, the exact nature of the lipid alterations present is not clear. In Mediterranean women with gestational diabetes, we measured low-density lipoprotein (LDL) size and all seven subclasses, as well as the 'atherogenic-lipoprotein phenotype' [ALP, e.g. concomitant presence of elevated triglycerides, reduced high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and increased small, dense LDL]. In 27 women with gestational diabetes and 23 healthy pregnant women matched for age, weeks of gestation and body mass index, we measured plasma lipids and LDL size and subclasses by gradient gel electrophoresis between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation. Although no significant differences were found in the concentrations of any of the plasma lipids, compared with control subjects women with gestational diabetes had lower LDL size (P = 0.0007) due to reduced LDL-I (P = 0.0074) and increased LDL-IVA (P = 0.0146) and -IVB (P < 0.0001) subclasses. Correlation analysis revealed that fasting glucose, homeostasis model assessment and glycated haemoglobin were inversely correlated with LDL-I and positively with LDL-IVA and -IVB (all P < 0.05). ALP due to high HDL-cholesterol levels was not seen in either group, whereas elevated small, dense LDL were more common in women with gestational diabetes than control subjects (33% vs. 4%, P = 0.0107). Increased levels of small, dense LDL are common in Mediterranean women with gestational diabetes. Whether these findings affect the atherogenic process and clinical end-points in these women remains to be determined by future prospective studies. Diabet. Med. 25, 1406-1411 (2008).
β-Cell Function Declines Within the First Year Postpartum in Women With Recent Glucose Intolerance in Pregnancy; OBJECTIVE Both gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy identify women at increased risk of future type 2 diabetes. In this context, we queried whether metabolic changes that occur in the 1st year postpartum vary in relation to gestational glucose tolerance status. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS Three-hundred-and-ninety-two women underwent glucose challenge test (GCT) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy followed by repeat OGTT at both 3 months' postpartum and 12 months' postpartum. The antepartum testing defined four gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 107); gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) (n = 75); abnormal GCT with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) on OGTT (abnormal GCT NGT) (n = 137); and normal GCT with NGT on OGTT (normal GCT NGT) (n = 73). RESULTS The prevalence of dysglycemia progressively increased across the groups from normal GCT NGT to abnormal GCT NGT to GIGT to GDM at both 3 months' postpartum (2.7% to 10.2% to 18.7% to 34.6%, P < 0.0001) and 12 months' postpartum (2.7% to 11.7% to 17.3% to 32.7%, P < 0.0001). Between 3 and 12 months' postpartum, the groups did not differ with respect to changes in waist circumference, weight, or insulin sensitivity. Importantly, however, they exhibited markedly different changes in beta-cell function (Insulin Secretion-Sensitivity Index-2 [ISSI-2]) (P = 0.0036), with ISSI-2 declining in both the GDM and GIGT groups. Furthermore, on multiple linear regression analysis, both GDM (t = -3.06, P = 0.0024) and GIGT = -2.18, P = 0.03) emerged as independent negative predictors of the change in ISSI-2 between 3 and 12 months' postpartum. CONCLUSIONS Women with GDM and GIGT exhibit declining beta-cell function in the 1st year postpartum that likely contributes to their future diabetic risk.
The relationship between advanced glycation end products and gestational diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Introduction Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a condition in which women without history of diabetes experience hyperglycemia during pregnancy, especially at the second and third trimesters. In women who have had GDM, an elevated body mass index (BMI) may have a substantial impact for persistent hyperglycemia in their lives after gestation. Beyond hyperglycemia, increased local oxidative stress directly promotes the formation of Advanced Glycation End-products (AGEs). Hence, this systematic review and meta-analysis was aimed to determine the relationship between the level of AGEs and/or related metabolic biomarkers with GDM. Methods Literature search was carried out through visiting electronic databases, indexing services, and directories including PubMed/MEDLINE (Ovid(R)), EMBASE (Ovid(R)), google scholar and WorldCat to retrieve studies without time limit. Following screening and eligibility evaluation, relevant data were extracted from included studies and analyzed using Rev-Man 5.3 and STATA 15.0. Inverse variance method with random effects pooling model was used for the analysis of outcome measures at 95% confidence interval. Hedge's adjusted g statistics was applied to calculate the standardized mean difference (SMD) to consider the small sample bias. Besides, meta-regression, meta-influence, and publication bias analyses were conducted. The protocol has been registered on PROSPERO with ID: CRD42020173867. Results A total of 16 original studies were included for the systematic review and meta-analysis. Compared with women with pregnant controls, the level of AGE was significantly higher in women with GDM (SMD [95% CI] = 2.26 [1.50-3.02], Z = 5.83, P < 0.00001; I-2= 97%, P< 0.0001). The BMI was also significantly higher in women with GDM (SMD [95% CI] = 0.97 [0.33-1.62], Z = 2.98, P = 0.003) compared to controls. Regarding specific and related metabolic biomarkers, there was higher level of HOMA-IR (SMD [95% CI] = 0.39 [0.22-0.55], Z = 4.65, P < 0.0001, after sensitivity analysis) and HbA1c (SMD [95% CI] = 0.58 [0.03-1.12], Z = 2.07, P = 0.04, after sensitivity analysis) in gestational diabetic women. Subgroup analyses indicated that studies conducted in Asia and Europe, at third trimester of pregnancy and blood/plasma AGE samples showed a significant difference in AGE level among women with GDM compared to pregnant controls. What is more, meta-regression with the sample size (regression coefficient (Q) = -0.0092, P = 0.207) and year of publication (Q = 0.0035, P = 0.984) suggested that the covariates had no significant effect on the heterogeneity. Conclusion The study indicated that there was a strong relationship between AGE and GDM. Besides, the BMI and other specific biomarkers showed a significant difference between the two groups indicating the high risk of developing long-standing type 2 diabetes and its complications in gestational diabetic women. Early detection of these biomarkers may play a pivotal role in controlling postpartum diabetic complications.
Waardenburg syndrome type II in a Taiwanese woman with a family history of pseudoxanthoma elasticum; A 37-year-old Taiwanese woman presented to the Dermatology Clinic for a skin exam to rule out pseudoxanthoma elasticum (PXE). The patient stated she had a known family history of PXE, with a 31-year-old brother with biopsy-proven cutaneous lesions of the lateral neck and another brother (33 years of age) with recently documented angioid streaks on ophthalmologic examination. The patient stated that two other living brothers were without known cutaneous lesions and had refused ophthalmologic examinations. A fifth brother had died in infancy of unknown causes. There was no other known family history of PXE, and neither of the affected brothers had a known history of cardiovascular disease. The patient's past medical history was significant only for gestational diabetes during pregnancy. She had no history of hypertension, angina, myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular accident, visual difficulty, bleeding abnormality, or intermittent claudication. Physical examination was notable for multiple hypo-and depigmented macules and patches of the anterior trunk, face, and dorsal hands. There were no cutaneous findings of PXE. Scalp examination revealed diffuse depigmentation of the hair roots (Pig. 1), and the patient admitted to the regular use of hair dyes since experiencing premature graying at 22 years of age. Ophthalmologic exam revealed heterochromia iridis (Fig. 2). The Winder (see below) was calculated to be 1.65 (within normal limits). Fundoscopic examination was normal. There was no history of hearing impairment. An expanded family history was performed after noting the patient's clinical phenotype suggestive of Waardenburg syndrome, and revealed several relatives with early graying, leukoderma, heterochromia iridis, and congenital deafness (see pedigree, Fig. 3). All of the patient's relatives lived in Taiwan, and therefore examinations were not possible.
A simple scoring method using cardiometabolic risk measurements in pregnancy to determine 10-year risk of type 2 diabetes in women with gestational diabetes; OBJECTIVE: To examine if clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors in pregnancy predicts type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk at 10 years in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). STUDY DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: A prospective case-control study in 150 GDM and 72 overweight women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) measured cardiometabolic risk factors (body mass index (BMI), systolic blood pressure (SBP), fasting glucose, insulin, and triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol) at 28 weeks gestation and 6 months and 10 years after pregnancy. Cluster analysis of cardiometabolic risk factors in pregnancy was used to stratify GDM as 'high' and 'low risk' for diabetes and CVD risk at 10 years. The data in pregnancy were used to determine a simple method for assessing risk of future diabetes. RESULTS: BMI in the 150 GDM at study entry was similar to NGT, but 35% of GDM fell into a 'high-risk cluster' with elevated BMI, SBP, glucose, insulin and triglycerides and lower HDL levels. At 10 years, type 2 diabetes was sixfold higher in 'high-risk' GDM (odds ratio (OR) = 6.75, confidence interval (CI) = 2.0, 22.7, P = 0.002) compared with 'low-risk' GDM and was not reported in NGT. The 'high-risk' cluster predicted type 2 diabetes better than BMI > 30 (OR = 2.13, CI = 0.71, 6.4, P = 0.179) or fasting glucose >5.5 mmol l(-1), (OR = 4.56, CI = 1.50, 13.85, P = 0.007). We determined that GDM with any four of the cardiometabolic risk factors (BMI > 30 kg m(-2), fasting glucose > 5.0 mmol l(-1), insulin > 7.8 mU l(-1), triglycerides > 2.4 mmol l(-1), HDL < 1.6 mmol l(-1) or SBP > 105 mm Hg) in pregnancy would be in a 'high-risk' cluster. CONCLUSIONS: A metabolic syndrome-like cluster in pregnant GDM identifies risk for type 2 diabetes providing an opportunity to focus on rigorous lifestyle interventions after delivery to reduce the burden of disease attributed to this condition.
Risk of major congenital heart disease in pregestational maternal diabetes is modified by hemoglobin A1c; Objectives The association between pregestational diabetes mellitus (PDM) and risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) is well recognized; however, the importance of glycemic control and other coexisting risk factors during pregnancy is less clear. We sought to determine the relative risk (RR) of major CHD (mCHD) among offspring from pregnancies complicated by PDM and the effect of first-trimester glycemic control on mCHD risk. Methods We determined the incidence of mCHD (requiring surgery within 1 year of birth or resulting in pregnancy termination or fetal demise) among registered births in Alberta, Canada. Linkage of diabetes status, maximum hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) at < 16 weeks' gestation and other covariates was performed using data from the Alberta Perinatal Health Program registry. Risk of mCHD according to HbA1c was estimated as an adjusted RR (aRR), calculated using log-binomial modeling. Results Of 1412 cases of mCHD in 594 773 (2.37/1000) births in the study period, mCHD was present in 48/7497 with PDM (6.4/1000; RR, 2.8 (95% CI, 2.1-3.7); P < 0.0001). In the entire cohort, increased maternal age (aRR, 1.03 (95% CI, 1.02-1.04); P < 0.0001) and multiple gestation (aRR, 1.37 (95% CI, 1.1-1.8); P = 0.02) were also associated with mCHD risk, whereas maternal prepregnancy weight > 91 kg was not. The stratified risk for mCHD associated with HbA1c <= 6.1%, > 6.1-8.0% and > 8.0% was 4.2/1000, 6.8/1000 and 17.1/1000 PDM/gestational diabetes mellitus births, respectively; the aRR of mCHD associated with PDM and HbA1c > 8.0% was 8.5 (95% CI, 5.0-14.4) compared to those without diabetes and 5.5 (95% CI, 1.6-19.4) compared to PDM with normal HbA1c (<= 6.1%). Conclusions PDM is associated with a RR of 2.8 for mCHD, increasing to 8.5 in those with HbA1c > 8%. These data should facilitate refinement of referral indications for high-risk pregnancy screening. (c) 2023 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Gestational Diabetes Leading to Diagnosis and Management of Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 2a; BACKGROUND: Multiple endocrine neoplasia (MEN) type 2a is an autosomal dominant syndrome caused by specific proto-oncogene mutations characterized by medullary carcinoma of the thyroid, pheochromocytoma, and, occasionally, multiglandular parathyroid hyperplasia, which rarely complicates pregnancy. Secondary diabetes rarely has been reported in association with principal endocrinopathies complicating pregnancy. CASE: A 34-year-old primiparous woman with recently diagnosed gestational diabetes had repeated episodes of dizziness at 30 weeks of gestation, initially attributed to glyburide. Continued episodes of dizziness and later-appearing bouts of severe headache, palpitations, diaphoresis, severe hypertension, and marked tachycardia led to diagnosis and management of MEN type 2a complicating pregnancy. CONCLUSION: Patients with MEN type 2a complicating pregnancy may present with gestational diabetes. (Obstet Gynecol 2010,115:455-7)
Screening for Gestational Diabetes US Preventive Services Task Force Recommendation Statement; IMPORTANCE Gestational diabetes is diabetes that develops during pregnancy. Prevalence of gestational diabetes in the US has been estimated at 5.8% to 9.2%, based on traditional diagnostic criteria, although it may be higher if more inclusive criteria are used. Pregnant persons with gestational diabetes are at increased risk for maternal and fetal complications, including preeclampsia, fetal macrosomia (which can cause shoulder dystocia and birth injury), and neonatal hypoglycemia. Gestational diabetes has also been associated with an increased risk of several long-term health outcomes in pregnant persons and intermediate outcomes in their offspring. OBJECTIVE The USPSTF commissioned a systematic review to evaluate the accuracy, benefits, and harms of screening for gestational diabetes and the benefits and harms of treatment for the pregnant person and infant. POPULATION Pregnant persons who have not been previously diagnosed with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. EVIDENCE ASSESSMENT The USPSTF concludes with moderate certainty that there is a moderate net benefit to screening for gestational diabetes at 24 weeks of gestation or after to improve maternal and fetal outcomes. The USPSTF concludes that the evidence on screening for gestational diabetes before 24 weeks of gestation is insufficient, and the balance of benefits and harms of screening cannot be determined. RECOMMENDATION The USPSTF recommends screening for gestational diabetes in asymptomatic pregnant persons at 24 weeks of gestation or after. (B recommendation) The USPSTF concludes that the current evidence is insufficient to assess the balance of benefits and harms of screening for gestational diabetes in asymptomatic pregnant persons before 24 weeks of gestation. (I statement)
Barriers to, and Facilitators of, Lifestyle Changes to Prevent Gestational Diabetes: An Interpretive Description of South Asian Women and Health-Care Providers Living and Working in Southern Ontario, Canada; Objectives: People of South Asian ancestry are the fastest growing non-Caucasian ethnic group in Canada and are at high risk for developing type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease. Pregnant South Asian women have a 2-fold increased risk of developing gestational diabetes, which increases their risk of type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease. The specific objectives of this study were to explore the perceptions of health behaviours (diet and physical activity) during pregnancy in the South Asian community. Methods: We used interpretive description to further understand the cultural and contextual factors that influence the knowledge, attitudes and practices of diet and physical activity of South Asian women of childbearing age and those who provide health care to this group. Results: Two major themes that emerged from the perspectives of 10 South Asian pregnant women included: (1) importance of considering an individual's locus of control; and (2) support (emotional and information exchange) from family, friends and health-care providers. Two major themes identified by the 11 health-care providers were: (1) cultural awareness in caring for South Asian women during pregnancy; and (2) clinic management, logistics and resources. A common theme for both South Asian pregnant women and health-care providers was the importance of considering the cultural landscape in relation to how knowledge is obtained, shared and valued. Conclusion: A better understanding of these cultural underpinnings may support the development of interventions tailored for pregnant South Asian women and their health-care providers. (C) 2020 Canadian Diabetes Association.
Computerized cardiotocography in singleton gestations with diabetes mellitus: a retrospective study; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to evaluate the use of computerized cardiotocography (C-CTG) in women with diabetes mellitus METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of women with diabetes mellitus referred to University of Naples Federico 11 from January 2018 to January 2020 for antenatal monitoring. Only women who underwent antenatal monitoring with C-CTG were included in the study. For the purpose of this study only the C-CTG recorded at the time of outpatient admission were analyzed. Women were divided into four groups: 1) women with diabetes mellitus type 1; 2) women with diabetes mellitus type 2; 3) women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); 4) control group without diabetes mellitus. The primary outcome of the study was the C-CTG short teen variability (STV). RESULTS: A total of 298 patients were included in the study, 89 with type 1 diabetes (group 1), 27 with type 2 diabetes (group 2), 77 with GDM (group 3) and 105 controls (group 4). Fetal heart rate was statistically higher in pregnant women with pre-pregnancy diabetes both Type 1 and 2 compared to gestational diabetes and physiological pregnancies. The parameters of STV, APRS and DPRS were statistically lower in the pregnant group with pre-pregnancy type 1 diabetes than in type 2 and compared to group 3 and 4. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal heart rate was statistically higher in pregnant women with pre-pregnancy diabetes, both Type 1 and 2, compared to gestational diabetes and controls. STV, APRS and DPRS were statistically lower in the pregnant group with pre-pregnancy type 1 diabetes than in type 2 and compared to group 3 and 4.
The Effects of a Low GI Diet on Cardiometabolic and Inflammatory Parameters in Patients with Type 2 and Gestational Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomised Controlled Trials; The prevalence of diabetes is increasing globally, and its effect on patients and the healthcare system can be significant. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes are well established risk factors for cardiovascular disease, and strategies for managing these conditions include dietary interventions, such as the use of a low glycemic index (GI) diet. Aims: This review aimed to evaluate the effects of a low GI diet on the cardio-metabolic and inflammatory parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes and women with GDM and assess whether the effects are different in these conditions. Methods: This review was based on the preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses (PRISMA) guidelines. Three databases (EMBASE, Pubmed, and PsycINFO) were searched from inception to 20 February 2019 using search terms that included synonyms and Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) in line with the population, intervention, comparator, outcomes, and studies (PICOS) framework. Studies were evaluated for the quality and risk of bias. Results: 10 randomised controlled studies were included in the systematic review, while 9 were selected for the meta-analysis. Two distinct areas were identified: the effect of a low GI diet on lipid profile and the effect of a low GI diet on inflammatory parameters. The results of the meta-analysis showed that there were no significant differences (p > 0.05) between the low GI and higher GI diets with respect to total cholesterol, HDL, and LDL cholesterol in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, there was a significant difference (p = 0.027) with respect to triglyceride which increased by a mean of 0.06 mmol/L (0.01, 0.11) in patients with type 2 diabetes on higher GI diet. With respect to the women with GDM, the findings from the systematic review were not consistent in terms of the effect of a low GI diet on the lipid profile. The results of the meta-analysis did not show significant differences (p > 0.05) between low GI and higher GI diets with respect to adiponectin and C-reactive proteins in patients with type 2 diabetes, but a significant difference (p < 0.001) was observed between the two groups in relation to interleukin-6. Conclusion: This systematic review and meta-analysis have demonstrated that there were no significant differences (p > 0.05) between the low GI and higher GI diets in relation to total cholesterol-HDL and LDL cholesterol-in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, a significant difference (p < 0.05) was observed between the two groups with respect to triglyceride in patients with type 2 diabetes. The results of the effect of a low GI diet on the lipid profile in patients with GDM were not consistent. With respect to the inflammatory parameters, the low GI diet significantly decreased interleukin-6 in patients with type 2 diabetes compared to the higher GI diet. More studies are needed in this area of research.
Randomised controlled trial of preconception lifestyle intervention on maternal and offspring health in people with increased risk of gestational diabetes: study protocol for the BEFORE THE BEGINNING trial; Introduction Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk for type 2 diabetes in the mother and cardiometabolic diseases in the child. The preconception period is an optimal window to adapt the lifestyle for improved outcomes for both mother and child. Our aim is to determine the effect of a lifestyle intervention, initiated before and continued throughout pregnancy, on maternal glucose tolerance and other maternal and infant cardiometabolic outcomes.Methods and analysis This ongoing randomised controlled trial has included 167 females aged 18-39 years old at increased risk for GDM who are contemplating pregnancy. The participants were randomly allocated 1:1 to an intervention or control group. The intervention consists of exercise (volume is set by a heart rate-based app and corresponds to >= 1 hour of weekly exercise at >= 80% of individual heart rate maximum), and time-restricted eating (<= 10 hours/day window of energy intake). The primary outcome measure is glucose tolerance in gestational week 28. Maternal and offspring outcomes are measured before and during pregnancy, at delivery, and at 6-8 weeks post partum. Primary and secondary continuous outcome measures will be compared between groups based on the 'intention to treat' principle using linear mixed models.Ethics and dissemination The Regional Committees for Medical and Health Research Ethics in Norway has approved the study (REK 143756). The anonymised results will be submitted for publication and posted in a publicly accessible database of clinical study results.
Low-grade inflammation in young adults exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia; Aim: To investigate associations between fetal exposure to intrauterine hyperglycemia and plasma concentrations of interleukin-6 (IL-6) and high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) in adult offspring. Method: We studied 597 offspring, aged 18-27 years, from four different groups concerning exposure to intrauterine hyperglycemia and genetic predisposition to type 2 diabetes (offspring of women with: gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), risk factors for GDM but normal glucose tolerance, type 1 diabetes and women from the background population, respectively). The participants were characterized by fasting plasma levels of IL-6 and hs-CRP, a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test and anthropometric measurements. Results: No association between intrauterine exposure to hyperglycemia and levels of IL-6 and hs-CRP in the offspring was found. In contrast maternal overweight (body mass index >= 25 kg/m(2)) was positively associated with levels of both IL-6 and hs-CRP (p for both = 0.003). Offspring who had already developed overweight or conditions of abnormal glucose tolerance were characterized by higher levels of IL-6 and hs-CRP compared with the remaining offspring (all p < 0.007). Conclusion: Maternal overweight but not exposure to intrauterine hyperglycemia was associated with low-grade inflammation in adult offspring. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Impact of Maternal-Fetal Environment on Mortality in Children With Single Ventricle Heart Disease; BACKGROUND Children with single ventricle heart disease have significant morbidity and mortality. The maternal-fetal environment (MFE) may adversely impact outcomes after neonatal cardiac surgery. We hypothesized that impaired MFE would be associated with an increased risk of death after stage 1 Norwood reconstruction. METHODS AND RESULTS We performed a retrospective cohort study of children with hypoplastic left heart syndrome (and anatomic variants) who underwent stage 1 Norwood reconstruction between 2008 and 2018. Impaired MFE was defined as maternal gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and/or smoking during pregnancy. Cox proportional hazards regression models were used to investigate the association between impaired MFE and death while adjusting for confounders. Hospital length of stay was assessed with the competing risk of in-hospital death. In 273 children, the median age at stage 1 Norwood reconstruction was 4 days (interquartile range [IQR], 3-6 days). A total of 72 children (26%) were exposed to an impaired MFE; they had more preterm births (18% versus 7%) and a greater percentage with low birth weights <2.5 kg (18% versus 4%) than those without impaired MFE. Impaired MFE was associated with a higher risk of death (hazard ratio [HR], 6.05; 95% CI, 3.59-10.21; P<0.001) after adjusting for age at surgery, Hispanic ethnicity, genetic syndrome, cardiac diagnosis, surgeon, and birth era. Children with impaired MFE had almost double the risk of prolonged hospital stay (HR, 1.95; 95% CI, 1.41-2.70; P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS Children exposed to an impaired MFE had a higher risk of death following stage 1 Norwood reconstruction. Prenatal exposures are potentially modifiable factors that can be targeted to improve outcomes after pediatric cardiac surgery.
Chromosomal anomalies among the offspring of women with gestational diabetes; A limited body of data over the past 35 years has suggested that autoimmunity may be responsible for some cases of aneuploidy. The role of diabetes mellitus in the etiology of chromosomal anomalies has been infrequently studied. This study was designed to compare the prevalence of chromosome abnormalities among the offspring of women with gestational diabetes and the offspring of women without it. The authors used data from 7,332 women who underwent amniocentesis in a prospective study of pregnancy outcome (1984-1988) and examined the prevalence of autosomal and sex chromosome defects associated with gestational diabetes. Among the offspring of 231 women with gestational diabetes, the crude prevalence of chromosomal defects was twice as high as that seen in the offspring of 7,101 women without gestational diabetes. These anomalies were predominantly numeric sex chromosome defects. After adjusting for potential confounding by maternal age, body mass index, education, and first-trimester exposures in multiple logistic regression analysis, the authors found that women with gestational diabetes were 7.7 times as likely (95% confidence interval: 2.8, 21.1) to have an infant with a numeric sex chromosome defect as those without gestational diabetes. These results support the theory that some women who develop gestational diabetes may have underlying biochemical changes that induce nondisjunction and the development of chromosomal defects.
Comparison of maternal morbidity and medical costs during pregnancy and delivery between patients with gestational diabetes and patients with pre-existing diabetes; AimsTo evaluate the effects of gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes on maternal morbidity and medical costs, using data from the Korea National Health Insurance Claims Database of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service. MethodsDelivery cases in 2010, 2011 and 2012 (459 842, 442 225 and 380 431 deliveries) were extracted from the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service database. The complications and medical costs were compared among the following three pregnancy groups: normal, gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes. ResultsAlthough, the rates of pre-existing diabetes did not fluctuate (2.5, 2.4 and 2.7%) throughout the study, the rate of gestational diabetes steadily increased (4.6, 6.2 and 8.0%). Furthermore, the rates of pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes increased in conjunction with maternal age, pre-existing hypertension and cases of multiple pregnancy. The risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension, urinary tract infections, premature delivery, liver disease and chronic renal disease were greater in the gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes groups than in the normal group. The risk of venous thromboembolism, antepartum haemorrhage, shoulder dystocia and placenta disorder were greater in the pre-existing diabetes group, but not the gestational diabetes group, compared with the normal group. The medical costs associated with delivery, the costs during pregnancy and the number of in-hospital days for the subjects in the pre-existing diabetes group were the highest among the three groups. ConclusionsThe study showed that the rates of pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes increased with maternal age at pregnancy and were associated with increases in medical costs and pregnancy-related complications.
Pregnancy complications and later life women's health; There has been increasing recognition of the association between various pregnancy complications and development of chronic disease in later life. Pregnancy has come to be regarded as a physiological stress test, as the strain it places on a woman's body may reveal underlying predispositions to disease that would otherwise remain hidden for many years. Despite the increasing body of data, there is a lack of awareness among healthcare providers surrounding these risks. We performed a narrative literature review and have summarized the associations between the common pregnancy complications including gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, spontaneous preterm birth, stillbirth and miscarriage and subsequent development of chronic disease. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, spontaneous preterm birth, gestational diabetes, pregnancy loss and placental abruption are all associated with increased risk of various forms of cardiovascular disease. Gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, early miscarriage and recurrent miscarriage are associated with increased risk of diabetes mellitus. Pre-eclampsia, stillbirth and recurrent miscarriage are associated with increased risk of venous thromboembolism. Pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and stillbirth are associated with increased risk of chronic kidney disease. Gestational diabetes is associated with postnatal depression, and also with increased risk of thyroid and stomach cancers. Stillbirth, miscarriage and recurrent miscarriage are associated with increased risk of mental health disorders including depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress disorders. Counseling in the postnatal period following a complicated pregnancy, and advice regarding risk reduction should be available for all women. Further studies are required to establish optimal screening intervals for cardiovascular disease and diabetes following complicated pregnancy.
Deacetylation of Caveolin-1 by Sirt6 induces autophagy and retards high glucose-stimulated LDL transcytosis and atherosclerosis formation; Background: Atherosclerosis (AS) is the basis of diabetic macrovascular complications. The plasma low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particles transcytosis across endothelial cells (ECs) and deposition under the endothelium is the initiation step of AS. We previously reported that high glucose inhibits the autophagic degradation of Caveolin-1 and promote LDL transcytosis across ECs, which in turn accelerates atherosclerotic progression. Since Sirt6 is a chromatin-associated protein with deacetylation activity, whether it can regulate Caveolin-1 acetylation and regulating the autophagic degradation of Caveolin-1 remains elusive. Methods: Autophagy and histone acetylation were assessed in the umbilical cords of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) by immunohistochemistry. An in vitro model of LDL transcytosis was established, and the role of Sirt6 in LDL transcytosis across endothelial cells was clarified. The effect of Sirt6 on the autophagic degradation of Caveolin-1 under hyperglycemic conditions was explored in a streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic AS model established using the ApoE / mice. Results: Caveolin-1 and acetylated histone H3 levels were significantly increased, while LC3B and Sirt6 were downregulated in the monolayer of the vascular wall from GDM and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients. Immunoprecipitation assays showed that Sirt6 interacts with Caveolin-1 and specifically mediated its acetylation levels. Immuno-electron microscopy (EM) further indicated that Sirt6 overexpression triggered the autophagic lysosomal degradation of Caveolin-1. ECs-specific overexpression of Sirt6 by adeno-associated viral vector serotype 9 (AAV9) induced autophagy, reduced Caveolin-1 expression, and ameliorated atherosclerotic plaque formation in STZ-induced diabetic ApoE / mice. Conclusion: Sirt6-mediated acetylation of Caveolin-1 activates its autophagic degradation and inhibits high glucose-stimulated LDL transcytosis. Thus, the Sirt6/Caveolin-1 autophagic pathway plays a crucial role in diabetic AS, and the overexpression or activation of Sirt6 is a novel therapeutic strategy.
The Burden of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in South Asians Residing in Canada: A Reflection From the South Asian Heart Alliance; South Asians (SAs), originating from the Indian subcontinent (India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Nepal, and Bhutan), represent one quarter of the global population and are the largest visible minority in Canada. SAs experience the highest rates of coronary artery disease in Canada. Although conventional cardiovascular risk factors remain predictive in SA, the excess risk is not fully explained by these risk factors alone. Abdominal obesity, metabolic syndrome, and insulin resistance likely contribute a greater risk in SAs than in other populations. The South Asian Heart Alliance has been recently formed to investigate and recommend the best strategies for the prevention of cardiometabolic disease in SAs in Canada. This topic review represents a comprehensive overview of the magnitude of cardiovascular disease in SAs in Canada, with a review of conventional and novel risk markers in the SA population. Both primary and secondary prevention strategies are suggested and when possible, adapted specifically for the SA population. The need for SAs and their healthcare professionals to be more aware of the problem and potential solutions, along with the need for population-specific research, is highlighted.
Vitamin D insufficiency, excessive weight gain, and insulin resistance during pregnancy; Background and aims: Vitamin D insufficiency has been related to metabolic complications during pregnancy, including insulin resistance. There is evidence that excessive weight gain can negatively influence 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentrations. We aimed to investigate the association of vitamin D insufficiency during pregnancy (25(OH)D3 < 75 nmol/ L in the second and third trimesters) with insulin resistance, and explore whether excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) could modify such relationship. Methods and results: A prospective longitudinal analysis was conducted within the MINA-Brazil Study among 444 pregnant women enrolled in antenatal care and with complete data on 25(OH) D3, weight gain, insulin, and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Quantile and logistic regression models were conducted with adjustment for sociodemographic, obstetric, and lifestyle characteristics, as well as gestational age and seasonality at outcome assessment. Predicted probabilities for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR>2.71) were estimated according to excessive GWG. Persistent vitamin D insufficiency was associated with increasing insulin concentrations (p for trend = 0.04); pregnant women with vitamin D insufficiency in the second or third trimester had an odds ratio of 1.83 (95% confidence interval (95% CI) = 1.03, 3.27) for insulin resistance, with significant modification by GWG (p = 0.038). Among participants without excessive GWG, the predicted probability for insulin resistance was 0.345 (95% CI = 0.224, 0.467) for those with persistent vitamin D insufficiency, and 0.134 (95% CI = 0.046, 0.221) for those who were sufficient in vitamin D. Probabilities for insulin resistance did not vary according to vitamin D status among participants with excessive GWG.Conclusion: Vitamin D insufficiency was associated with insulin resistance in the third trimester of pregnancy, dependent on excessive GWG.(c) 2022 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Preeclampsia and Diabetes; Preeclampsia is diagnosed in women presenting with new onset hypertension accompanied by proteinuria or other signs of severe organ dysfunction in the second half of pregnancy. Preeclampsia risk is increased 2- to 4-fold among women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. The limited number of pregnant women with preexisting diabetes and the difficulties associated with diagnosing preeclampsia in women with proteinuria prior to pregnancy are significant barriers to research in this high-risk population. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) also increases preeclampsia risk, although it is unclear whether these two conditions share a common pathophysiological pathway. Nondiabetic women who have had preeclampsia are more likely to develop type 2 diabetes later in life. Among women with type 1 diabetes, a history of preeclampsia is associated with an increased risk of retinopathy and nephropathy. More research examining the pathophysiology, treatment, and the long-term health implications of preeclampsia among women with preexisting and gestational diabetes is needed.
Stillbirth in the Pregnancy Complicated by Diabetes; Pregestational diabetes currently complicates 4 % of pregnancies, while gestational diabetes complicates approximately 8 % of pregnancies. Increased risk of stillbirth in diabetic pregnancies has been a well-known and recognized complication for decades. While stillbirth rates for diabetic pregnancies have decreased due to screening, treatment, and antenatal surveillance of these patients, about 4 % of all stillbirths remain attributable to diabetes, and diabetic pregnancies continue to be at increased risk for perinatal mortality. The purpose of this article is to review the literature on the epidemiology, pathophysiology, and prevention, as well as future research, of diabetes-associated perinatal mortality.
ARE THE CRITERIA OF METABOLIC SYNDROME ASSOCIATED WITH PREGNANCY COMPLICATIONS?; Aim: We aimed to compare the components of metabolic syndrome in cases with various pregnancy complications and normal pregnancies. Materials and methods: Ninety two cases after 26. gestational week which were followed up in our clinic were included in the study. The rate of the presence of the factors of metabolic syndrome in 40 healthy pregnant women, 21 cases of gestational hypertention, 20 cases of gestational diabetes and 11 cases of preeclampsia were compared. Fasting serum cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL and HDL cholesterol levels were determined. The insulin resistance was calculated with HOMA-IR. Results: Mean levels of BMI were significantly higher in the group of pregnancy complications (GHT 33 +/- 5.1, preeclampsia 30.3 +/- 7.1, GDM 32.1 +/- 6.4, and controls 29.2 +/- 4.2 kg/m(2); P=0.045). Mean leves of fasting serum glucose were also significantly higher in this group (GHT 80.5 +/- 16, preeclampsia 94.4 +/- 24, GDM 90.3 +/- 26, and controls 78.6 +/- 10 mg/dL; P=0.023). In the goups with complications mean levels of triglyceride were higher (GHT 267.7 +/- 61.5, preeclampsia 290.7 +/- 76.6, GDM 221.4 +/- 81.3, and controls 218.3 +/- 45mg/dL; P=0.003). Mean levels of HDL did not show any significant difference. The rate of the cases with metabolic syndrome according either to the criteria of WHO (GHT %14.2, Preeclampsia %45.2, GDM %40, and controls %2.5; p=0.001) or NCEP-ATPIII (GHT %38, Preeclampsia %45.4, GDM %40, controls %0; p=0.001) was significantly higher in the groups of complications. Conclusions: We found that the criteria of metabolic syndrome and the rates of cases with MS were significantly higher in the groups of pregnancy complications compared with normal pregnancies. This finding indicates the relationship between both events. These cases have high risk for cardiovascular and metabolic diseases in later life.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Predicted 30-Year Risk of Maternal Cardiovascular Disease 2-7 Years After Delivery; Individuals who experienced an adverse pregnancy outcome in their first birth have a higher predicted 30-year risk of cardiovascular disease assessed at 2-7 years postpartum. OBJECTIVE:To determine whether adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with a higher predicted 30-year risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD; ie, coronary artery disease or stroke).METHODS:This was a secondary analysis of the prospective Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study-Monitoring Mothers-to-Be Heart Health Study longitudinal cohort. The exposures were adverse pregnancy outcomes during the first pregnancy (ie, gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM], hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, preterm birth, and small- and large-for-gestational-age [SGA, LGA] birth weight) modeled individually and secondarily as the cumulative number of adverse pregnancy outcomes (ie, none, one, two or more). The outcome was the 30-year risk of atherosclerotic CVD predicted with the Framingham Risk Score assessed at 2-7 years after delivery. Risk was measured both continuously in increments of 1% and categorically, with high predicted risk defined as a predicted risk of atherosclerotic CVD of 10% or more. Linear regression and modified Poisson models were adjusted for baseline covariates.RESULTS:Among 4,273 individuals who were assessed at a median of 3.1 years after delivery (interquartile range 2.5-3.7), the median predicted 30-year atherosclerotic CVD risk was 2.2% (interquartile range 1.4-3.4), and 1.8% had high predicted risk. Individuals with GDM (least mean square 5.93 vs 4.19, adjusted beta=1.45, 95% CI, 1.14-1.75), hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (4.95 vs 4.22, adjusted beta=0.49, 95% CI, 0.31-0.68), and preterm birth (4.81 vs 4.27, adjusted beta=0.47, 95% CI, 0.24-0.70) were more likely to have a higher absolute risk of atherosclerotic CVD. Similarly, individuals with GDM (8.7% vs 1.4%, adjusted risk ratio [RR] 2.02, 95% CI, 1.14-3.59), hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (4.4% vs 1.4%, adjusted RR 1.91, 95% CI, 1.17-3.13), and preterm birth (5.0% vs 1.5%, adjusted RR 2.26, 95% CI, 1.30-3.93) were more likely to have a high predicted risk of atherosclerotic CVD. A greater number of adverse pregnancy outcomes within the first birth was associated with progressively greater risks, including per 1% atherosclerotic CVD risk (one adverse pregnancy outcome: 4.86 vs 4.09, adjusted beta=0.59, 95% CI, 0.43-0.75; two or more adverse pregnancy outcomes: 5.51 vs 4.09, adjusted beta=1.16, 95% CI, 0.82-1.50), and a high predicted risk of atherosclerotic CVD (one adverse pregnancy outcome: 3.8% vs 1.0%, adjusted RR 2.33, 95% CI, 1.40-3.88; two or more adverse pregnancy outcomes: 8.7 vs 1.0%, RR 3.43, 95% CI, 1.74-6.74). Small and large for gestational age were not consistently associated with a higher atherosclerotic CVD risk.CONCLUSION:Individuals who experienced adverse pregnancy outcomes in their first birth were more likely to have a higher predicted 30-year risk of CVD measured at 2-7 years after delivery. The magnitude of risk was higher with a greater number of adverse pregnancy outcomes experienced.
Gestational Diabetes and Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy as Vascular Risk Signals: An Overview and Grading of the Evidence; The occurrence of common pregnancy-related medical disorders identifies women at high risk of developing future vascular disease. Systematic reviews of cohort studies demonstrate that gestational diabetes confers a 7-fold risk increase for type 2 diabetes, and pre-eclampsia confers a 1.8-fold risk increase for type 2 diabetes and 3.4-fold risk increase for hypertension. Gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) increase the risk of premature vascular disease, but the 2-fold risk increase associated with pre-eclampsia is only partially explained by the development of traditional vascular risk factors. Despite the compelling evidence for gestational diabetes and HDP as vascular risk indicators, there are no published Canadian vascular prevention guidelines that recognize these postpartum women. In contrast, the 2011 American Heart Association guidelines on cardiovascular disease in women include gestational diabetes and HDP in their vascular risk assessment. Studies indicate that the importance surveillance of vascular risk factors in these women after pregnancy is underappreciated by the women themselves and their physicians. Although a prudent diet and physically active lifestyle were demonstrated to reduce diabetes risk in women with a gestational diabetes history in the American Diabetes Prevention Program trial, adoption of these health behaviours is low; qualitative studies confirm a need for tailored strategies that address barriers and provide social support. Further research is also needed on approaches to reduce vascular risk in women with a history of gestational diabetes and HDP. Otherwise, an early window of opportunity for chronic disease prevention in young, high-risk women will be missed.
Association Analysis in Children Born from Normal and Complicated Pregnancies-Cardiovascular Disease Associated microRNAs and the Incidence of Prehypertension/Hypertension, Overweight/Obesity, Valve Problems and Heart Defects; The goal was to assess how a history of any kind of pregnancy-related complication altered expression profile of microRNAs played a role in the pathogenesis of diabetes, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases in the peripheral blood leukocytes of children at the age of 3-11 years. The prior exposure to gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm prelabor rupture of membranes or spontaneous preterm birth causes that a significant proportion of children (57.42% to 90.0% specifically) had a substantially altered microRNA expression profile, which might be the origin of a lifelong cardiovascular risk. A total of 23 out of 29 tested microRNAs were upregulated in children born from such complicated gestation. The occurrence of overweight, obesity, valve problems and heart defects even intensified upregulation of microRNAs already present in children exposed to such pregnancy complications. The occurrence of overweight/obesity (miR-92a-3p, and miR-210-3p) and valve problems or heart defects (miR-342-3p) induced microRNA upregulation in children affected with pregnancy complications. Overall, 42.86% overweight/obese children and 27.36% children with valve problems or heart defects had even higher microRNA levels than children with normal clinical findings after complicated pregnancies. In addition, the microRNA expression profile was also able to differentiate between children descending from normal gestation in relation to the occurrence of overweight and obesity. Screening on the base of the combination of 19 microRNAs identified 70.0% overweight/obese children at 90.0% specificity. In general, children after complicated pregnancies, just as children after normal pregnancies, with abnormal findings are at a higher risk of the onset of cardiovascular complications, and their dispensarization, with the aim to implement primary prevention strategies, would be beneficial.
Impaired left ventricular diastolic function in newborn infants of mothers with pregestational or gestational diabetes with good glycemic control; The aim of the study: We assessed by echocardiography the left ventricular systolic and diastolic function in newborn infants of mothers with well-controlled pregestational type 1 or gestational diabetes (IDM) in comparison to normal teen neonates. Subjects and methods: Two-dimensional/M-mode and Doppler transmitral flow velocity measurements were performed in 18 IDM and 26 control infants of non-diabetic mothers (gestational ages 36-40 and 36-41 weeks, respectively) between days 2 and 5 after birth. In the IDM, there were nine mothers with pregestational (White class C or D) and nine mothers with gestational diabetes (White class A or A/B). Peak early and atrial filling velocity, early deceleration time, early acceleration time, early, atrial and total time velocity integrals were used to examine the left ventricular diastolic performance. We also calculated the early/atrial velocity ratio, early/atrial integral ratio and early/total integral ratio. The fractional shortening, fractional shortening area, midwall fractional shortening (mFS), left ventricular mass and indexed left ventricular mass for body surface area (BSA) and birth weight were used in assessment of left ventricular systolic performance. Results: The early deceleration time was longer, resulting in higher early integral and early filling fraction (EFF) in the IDM than in the control infants (p < 0.01). In the IDM, the fractional shortening was somewhat greater and the left ventricular mass/body surface area ratio was higher than in the control group (p < 0.05), although the measures of systolic performance were within the normal range. There were no significant differences in the systolic or diastolic function parameters between the gestational and pregestational groups. Conclusion: In the infants of mothers with well-controlled pregestational or gestational diabetes, we found prolonged deceleration time of early left ventricular diastolic filling, probably reflecting an impaired left ventricular relaxation rather than compliance. The mechanism for the findings may be maternal hyperglycemia during the third trimester and subsequent fetal hyperinsulinaemia leading to neonatal cardiac hypertrophy. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Parity and risk of later-life maternal cardiovascular disease; Background Prior studies relating parity with maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) have been performed in relatively small study samples without accounting for pregnancy-related complications associated with CVD. Methods We examined the associations between parity and maternal risk of later-life CVD in a population-based cohort study using data from the Swedish population registers. Women born from 1932 to 1955 were followed until the occurrence of CVD, death, emigration, or end of follow-up (December 31, 2005). Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate associations between parity and risk of CVD accounting for birth year, yearly income, education level, country of birth, hypertension (pregestational hypertension or gestational hypertension, with or without proteinuria), diabetes (type 1, type 2, or gestational diabetes), preterm birth, small for gestational age, and stillbirth. Results During a median follow-up time of 9.5 years (range 0-23.5), there were 65,204 CVD events in the full sample of women. Among 1,332,062 women, parity was associated with CVD in a J-shaped fashion, with 2 births representing the nadir of risk (global P value < .0001). Upon accounting for pregnancy-related complications in a subset of women with at least 1 childbirth after 1973 (n = 590,725), the association of parity with CVD was similar. Compared with women with 2 childbirths, the multivariable-adjusted hazard ratios (95% CIs) for women with 1 and = 5 births were 1.09 (1.03-1.15) and 1.47 (1.37-1.57), respectively. Conclusions In conclusion, parity was associated with incident maternal CVD in a J-shaped fashion, even after accounting for socioeconomic factors and pregnancy-related complications. (Am Heart J 2010; 159: 215-221.e6.)
A comparative study of cumulative stress patterns within 14 days postpartum in healthy mothers and those with gestational diabetes A prospective study; Although the number of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is on the rise, only few studies have examined the cumulative stress associated with breastfeeding after childbirth. GDM mothers are susceptible to stress due to insulin resistance, and their level of stress is associated with breastfeeding. This study aimed to identify patterns of stress change over time in GDM mothers and healthy mothers and to identify the factors influencing those patterns. The participants of this study were mothers within 14 days after childbirth. The GDM group consisted of 32 mothers, and the healthy group comprised 30 mothers. Cumulative stress was measured in terms of heart rate variability, and linear mixed models were used to analyze changes over time. The cumulative stress of healthy mothers was about 8 points higher than that of mothers with GDM (t = -2.95, P = .005). The cumulative stress level was inversely associated with the mother's age (beta=-1.20, P = .018), the mother's weight (beta=-0.64, P = .008), and the baby's body mass index (beta=-3.09, P = .038). Furthermore, an insufficient amount of breast milk was associated with higher stress (beta=16.09, P = .007). GDM mothers and healthy mothers experienced different patterns of cumulative stress. Breastfeeding should be started quickly to promote health and stress reduction among mothers who are physically and psychologically vulnerable after childbirth. It is necessary to incorporate programs to promote breastfeeding considering stress levels at an appropriate time according to the mother's health condition.
Pregnancy Complications as Markers for Subsequent Maternal Cardiovascular Disease: Validation of a Maternal Recall Questionnaire; Background: We designed and tested the validity of a questionnaire to characterize maternal recall of pregnancy complications associated with increased future cardiovascular disease risk, based on the 2011 American Heart Association (AHA) guidelines. Methods: A maternal recall questionnaire of pregnancy history was administered to 971 patients who had participated in a previous cohort study of 1,608 pregnant women. Medical records from the study pregnancy served as the gold standard. Prevalence, sensitivity (sens), specificity (spec), positive predictive value (PPV), negative predictive value (NPV), and/or Spearman's correlation coefficients (r) were calculated for each question. Results: A total of 526 (54%) individuals recontacted responded. Respondents were more likely to be older, white, educated, and nulliparous and were less likely to deliver low-birthweight infants in the study pregnancy than were individuals who did not respond. Mean length of recall was 4.35 years (standard deviation [SD] 0.46) postpartum. Maternal recall was most accurate for gestational diabetes (sens: 92%, spec: 98%, PPV: 79%, NPV: 99%), infant birthweight (r=0.95), and gestation length (r=0.85). Maternal recall was modest for preeclampsia (sens: 79%, spec: 97%, PPV: 68%, NPV: 98%) and pregnancy-associated hypertension, including preeclampsia or gestational hypertension (sens: 60%, spec: 95%, PPV: 64%, NPV: 94%). Conclusions: This validation study demonstrated that the majority of women could accurately recall a history of gestational diabetes, infant birthweight, and gestational age at delivery, 4 years postpartum on average. Recall of preeclampsia and pregnancy-associated hypertension overall was modest. Maternal report of these pregnancy conditions may help clinicians identify women at increased risk for cardiovascular disease.
Maternal and newborn outcomes among women with schizophrenia: a retrospective population-based cohort study; ObjectiveMore women with schizophrenia are becoming pregnant, such that contemporary data are needed about maternal and newborn outcomes in this potentially vulnerable group. We aimed to quantify maternal and newborn health outcomes among women with schizophrenia. DesignRetrospective cohort study. SettingPopulation based in Ontario, Canada, from 2002 to 2011. PopulationOntario women aged 15-49years who gave birth to a liveborn or stillborn singleton infant. MethodsWomen with schizophrenia (n=1391) were identified based on either an inpatient diagnosis or two or more outpatient physician service claims for schizophrenia within 5years prior to conception. The reference group comprised 432358 women without diagnosed mental illness within the 5years preceding conception in the index pregnancy. Main outcome measuresThe primary maternal outcomes were gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, and venous thromboembolism. The primary neonatal outcomes were preterm birth, and small and large birthweight for gestational age (SGA and LGA). Secondary outcomes included additional key perinatal health indicators. ResultsSchizophrenia was associated with a higher risk of pre-eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio, aOR 1.84; 95% confidence interval, 95% CI 1.28-2.66), venous thromboembolism (aOR 1.72, 95% CI 1.04-2.85), preterm birth (aOR 1.75, 95% CI 1.46-2.08), SGA (aOR 1.49, 95% CI 1.19-1.86), and LGA (aOR 1.53, 95% CI 1.17-1.99). Women with schizophrenia also required more intensive hospital resources, including operative delivery and admission to a maternal intensive care unit, paralleled by higher neonatal morbidity. ConclusionsWomen with schizophrenia are at higher risk of multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes, paralleled by higher neonatal morbidity. Attention should focus on interventions to reduce the identified health disparities.
Early Versus 6-12 Week Postpartum Glucose Tolerance Testing for Women With Gestational Diabetes; Women with pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at a significantly increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. Diabetes screening for women with GDM is recommended 6 to 12 weeks following delivery, although this is an arbitrary time point developed to coincide with the routine postpartum visit. This prospective cohort study aimed to analyze the effectiveness of an early glucose tolerance test (GTT) before hospital discharge in diagnosing impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes. Women were recruited between May 2014 and June 2016 and eligible if diagnosed with GDM by early or routine 2-step screening and were less than 72 hours postpartum. Participants underwent a 2-hour 75-g oral GTT (OGTT) during their hospitalization for delivery and repeated this test at 6 to 12 weeks postpartum. Diagnoses of diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance using results from the early GTT were compared to the results of the 6- to 12-week routine GTT. Assessment of the diagnostic ability of the early GTT was done by calculating sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value (PPV), and negative predictive values (NPVs). The early GTT was completed by 58 women, 31 of whom returned to complete the follow-up GTT. The early GTT was found to have 50% sensitivity, 100% specificity, 100% PPV, and 96.7% NPV for diabetes (although the sample size was small) and an area under the curve of 0.75. The early GTT had less robust test characteristics for glucose tolerance, with a sensitivity of 63%, PPV of 31%, and an area under the curve of 0.57. The early GTT had an NPV of 80% for impaired glucose tolerance. No patients received normal GTT results at the early time point and a diagnosis of diabetes at 6 to 12 weeks; however, 3 patients found to have normal glucose tolerance at the early GTT had impaired glucose tolerance on the routine GTT. Despite significant attempts for follow-up, nearly half of the study participants did not return to receive a routine GTT at 6 to 12 weeks. The early GTT identified all study participants with diabetes and missed 3 patients found to have impaired glucose tolerance at routine GTT. Further research with a larger sample size is needed to determine whether postpartum management of women with GDM could be improved by using early GTT screening.
Impact of adverse pregnancy outcomes on brain vascular health and cognition; A State of the Art lecture titled "Impact of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes on Brain Vascular Health and Cognition" was presented at the International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis Congress in 2023. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, encompassing conditions such as gestational hypertension, eclampsia, preeclampsia, preterm birth, fetal growth restriction, stillbirth, and gestational diabetes, may form part of an underrecognized pathway from early adulthood reproductive health factors to later-life vascular cognitive impairment and dementia in women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes are caused by dysregulated vascular and metabolic adaptations during pregnancy, and these pathophysiological changes may persist after delivery. Adverse pregnancy outcomes may contribute to the increased risk of cognitive impairment and dementia directly through vascular and metabolic dysregulation and subsequent development of cardiovascular diseases, or other biological processes may be at play, such as shared maternal risk factors. Extensive epidemiologic evidence has shown that many cognitive impairment and dementia cases may be prevented or delayed by strategies targeting midlife cardiovascular health. Despite the recognized importance of adverse pregnancy outcomes for cardiovascular health, the literature on associated long -term health outcomes is limited. In this State of the Art review article, we summarize the current epidemiologic evidence on the relationship between adverse pregnancy outcomes and cognitive impairment and dementia and provide an overview of the potential pathophysiological mechanisms. Finally, we summarize relevant new data on this topic presented during the 2023 International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis Congress.
Effectiveness of the National Diabetes Prevention Program After Gestational Diabetes; Introduction: Women with previous gestational diabetes are at high risk of developing Type 2 diabetes. The National Diabetes Prevention Program (NDPP) is a widely disseminated lifestyle intervention to prevent Type 2 diabetes. Although NDPP programs are open to adults of any age, participants are usually older adults. Effectiveness among younger women with previous gestational diabetes is largely unknown. Methods: The NDPP was delivered by lifestyle coaches in a large network of Federally Qualified Health Centers. Reach, retention, physical activity, and weight loss outcomes were compared between women aged <40 years with previous gestational diabetes and all other participants. Data were collected from 2013 to 2019 and analyzed in 2022. Results: Among 2,865 enrollees who agreed to start the yearlong NDPP, 63.3% were Latinx, 18.8% were non-Latinx Black, and 16.4% were non-Latinx White. Younger women with previous gestational diabetes represented <4% (n=107) of participants. There was no significant difference in the frequency of attending & GE;1 NDPP session between these women and all other participants (37.4% vs 44.6%; p=0.146). However, among those attending & GE;1 session (n=1,265), younger women with previous gestational diabetes attended more (11.27 & PLUSMN; 1.27 vs 8.50 & PLUSMN; 0.22 sessions, p=0.021) and had greater weight loss (3.04% & PLUSMN; 0.59 vs. 1.49% & PLUSMN; 0.11, p=0.010) in covariate-adjusted models than other participants. Conclusions: Diverse younger women with previous gestational diabetes attending the NDPP had one third greater attendance and twice as much weight loss as other NDPP participants but represented a much smaller proportion of enrollees. Thus, the NDPP appears to be a beneficial but underutilized resource for this high-risk population. Am J Prev Med 2023;65(2):317-321. & COPY; 2023 American Journal of Preventive Medicine. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Atrial septal aneurysm in pregnancy: echocardiography and obstetric outcomes; Background: Atrial septal aneurysm (ASA) is an uncommon cardiac anomaly that increases maternal morbidity during pregnancy. ASA is related to atrial arrhythmia thromboembolism and it may accompany congenital anomalies such as an atrial septal defect (ASD) or patent foramen ovale (PFO). There are no studies examining pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women with ASA. We aimed to investigate the cardiologic parameters and obstetric outcomes of pregnant women diagnosed with ASA. Methods: This prospective cohort study analyzed 45 pregnant women diagnosed with ASA, who continued their follow-ups in an obstetric tertiary care center. Results: A total of .45 pregnant women were recruited; seven pregnancies ended before the 20th gestational week (six spontaneous abortion, one fetal anomaly), 38 women gave birth. In total, there were 32 term births (>= 37 weeks), six preterm births (<37 weeks), two extremely preterm births <28 weeks). Among 38 babies delivered, several obstetrical complications such as oligohydramnios, spontaneous preterm labor, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) developed in 16 patients, while 22 women ended with term pregnancy without any complications. Deep venous thrombosis (DVT) developed in one patient. Conclusion: ASA may have an increased risk for cardiac complications during pregnancy and may also be associated with poor pregnancy outcomes. Increased attention to these entities with more studies is needed in order to determine a potential risk for pregnant women.
Hepatic Insulin Resistance Is an Early Determinant of Declining β-Cell Function in the First Year Postpartum After Glucose Intolerance in Pregnancy; OBJECTIVE-The increased risk of type 2 diabetes in women with glucose intolerance in pregnancy is mediated by deterioration of their beta-cell function, which occurs as early as the first year postpartum. We thus sought to identify early determinants of their declining beta-cell function. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-Women with recent gestational glucose intolerance (166) underwent oral glucose tolerance test at 3 and 12 months postpartum. They were stratified into those in whom beta-cell function (Insulin Secretion-Sensitivity Index-2 [ISSI-2]) declined over this time (decliners; n = 92) and those in whom it did not (nondecliners; n = 74). RESULTS-Between 3 and 12 months, hepatic insulin sensitivity (1/homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance [HOMA-IR]) decreased in decliners but not in nondecliners. Over this time, the change in 1/HOMA-IR emerged as an independent predictor of the change in ISSI-2 (t = 5.5; P < 0.0001). Increased hepatic insulin sensitivity independently predicted a lower likelihood of declining beta-cell function (odds ratio = 0.13 [95% CI 0.06-0.29]; P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS-Hepatic insulin resistance is an early determinant of declining beta-cell function after gestational dysglycemia.
Maternal metabolic factors and the association with gestational diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with several adverse outcomes for the mother and child. Higher levels of individual lipids are associated with risk of GDM and metabolic syndrome (MetS), a clustering of risk factors also increases risk for GDM. Metabolic factors can be modified by diet and lifestyle. This review comprehensively evaluates the association between MetS and its components, measured in early pregnancy, and risk for GDM. Databases (Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature, PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane Library) were searched from inception to 5 May 2021. Eligible studies included >= 1 metabolic factor (waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), triglycerides, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol), measured at I-2. Data were pooled by random-effects models and expressed as odds ratio and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Of 7213 articles identified, 40 unique articles were included in meta-analysis. In analyses adjusting for maternal age and body mass index, GDM was increased with increasing FPG (odds ratios [OR] 1.92; 95% CI 1.39-2.64, k = 7 studies) or having MetS (OR 2.52; 1.65, 3.84, k = 3). Women with overweight (OR 2.17; 95% CI 1.89, 2.50, k = 12) or obesity (OR 4.34; 95% CI 2.79-6.74, k = 9) also were at increased risk for GDM. Early pregnancy assessment of glucose or the MetS, offers a potential opportunity to detect and treat individual risk factors as an approach towards GDM prevention; weight loss for pregnant women with overweight or obesity is not recommended. Systematic review registration: PROSPERO CRD42020199225.
The Prevalence of Cardiovascular Disease Risk among Iraqi women with a history of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; . Background; cardiovascular disease is the main factor in both death and disability. Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) have a greater risk for future cardiovascular diseases. Objec- tive; Explore the prevalence of cardiovascular risk among women with a history of APOs. Methods; A cross sectional study enrolled 257 women with and without history of APOs, were put into 2 groups ac- cordingly. World Health Organization and the International Society of Hypertension (WHO/ISH) and Framingham risk score (FRS) were used. Laboratory and clinical measures were done. Results; All wom- en enrolled were over 40 years age, women with APOs mostly overweight and obese, positive medical his- tory compared to those without (P<0.01). Among APOs, women with gestational diabetes were in the high-risk level (P <0.01). Medical history of hypertension, diabetes, anemia and hypothyroidism were highly prevalence in women with APOs (P<0.01). Conclusion; FRS, but not WHO/ISH can be used to identify high cardiovascular risk. Gestational diabetes was notable predictor for the high-risk level.
Polycystic ovary syndrome offspring display increased oxidative stress markers comparable to gestational diabetes offspring; Objective: To study oxidative stress (OS) markers on neonates. The specific aim was to evaluate advanced glycation end products (AGEs) and advanced oxidation protein products (AOPPs) serum levels along with the hormonal/metabolic profile and their possible relationship in a cohort of polycystic ovary syndrome PCOS(N) and gestational diabetes GDM(N) neonates and their mothers PCOS(M) and GDM(M). Design: Prospective controlled study. Setting: Academic medical center. Patient(s): The study population comprised 151 mother/neonate pairs. Intervention(s): Diet and/or insulin administration in GDM(M). Main Outcome Measure(s): Anthropometric, metabolic, hormonal parameters, and OS markers. Result(s): The AGEs and AOPPs were higher in PCOS(M) and GDM(M) compared with controls (M). The same significant difference was observed in the corresponding groups of neonates. A strong relationship between mothers and neonates regarding AGEs (r = 0.605) and AOPPs levels (r = 0.735) was disclosed. Analogous findings were observed regarding androgens and insulin resistance in mothers and neonates, respectively. Conclusion(s): The present study demonstrated that in PCOS(N), the OS status was similar to that of GDM(N) and strongly associated with their mothers' oxidative status. These findings may have clinical implications, as exposure of PCOS(N) to high OS levels during pregnancy could affect several health issues of neonates. (Fertil Steril (R) 2013;99:943-50. (C) 2013 by American Society for Reproductive Medicine.)
Maternal and long-term offspring outcomes of obesity during pregnancy; PurposeObesity`s prevalence is rising in women of reproductive age worldwide and has become the most common medical condition at this age group. Besides, its occurrence is also rising during pregnancy. This condition not only increases the risk of noncommunicable diseases on the mother, such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes, but also transfers this risk to the offspring.MethodsThis is a narrative review based on scientific and review articles on the matter.ResultsObesity is associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, venous thromboembolism, infection, and mental health problems. Furthermore, it has an impact on the progress of labor and induction matters. Regarding offspring outcomes, it is related to higher incidence of congenital anomalies, perinatal mortality, and the occurrence of large for gestational age newborns. Still, it has implications on cardiometabolic risk and neurodevelopment in offspring.ConclusionIt is, therefore, imperative to encourage the adoption of healthy lifestyles, especially in the peri-conception and interpregnancy periods. Likewise, there must be support in the multidisciplinary monitoring of these pregnant women to minimize associated complication rates.
Maternal Cardiac Function in Pregnancies with Metabolic Disorders; The obesity epidemic is growing and poses significant risks to pregnancy. Metabolic impairment can be associated with short- and long-term maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. The cardiovascular implications are known in those with metabolic disorder outside of pregnancy; however, little is known of the cardiac function in pregnancies complicated by obesity. Maternal cardiac adaptation plays a vital role in normal pregnancy and is known to be involved in the pathophysiology of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Bariatric surgery is the most successful treatment for sustainable weight loss and pre-pregnancy bariatric surgery can drastically change the maternal metabolic profile and pregnancy outcomes. In this review, we discuss the available evidence on maternal cardiac function in pregnancies affected by obesity and its associated consequences of gestational diabetes and hypertension (chronic and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy), as well as pregnancies following bariatric surgery.
Clinicographic comparison between pregestational and gestational diabetes; A prospective, comparative, open, exploratory study was carried out of a sample of 30 subjects. These were divided into 2 groups. Group I consisted of preexisting diabetes, Group II of those with gestational diabetes. Group I (n = 15). The patients age, have a mean of 29.87 years. The pregnancy age have a mean of 31.853 weeks. Group II (n = 15). The patients age, have a mean of 30.60 years. The pregnancy age have a mean of 32.53 weeks. Uterine Contractility and Fetal Heart Rate registers were carried out with a Hewlett Packard Monitor model 1350, serie 50XM was used. The first study was 24 h before during admission. It was repeated within 24 h of discharge. The patients was her own control. This study lasted 2 h. At the same moment as the collection of these data, a sample of blood was taken to determine the level of HbA 1c, blood pressure, pulse rate, temperature and respiratory frequency were also recorded. In addition, the abdominal circumference and uterine height were measured and the fetal heart ascertained. SPSS and Student t test for ordered pairs of data were used for the statistical analysis. A comparative analysis of basal fetal heart rate (FHR) between 2 groups of patients those white preexisting diabetes and those with gestational diabetes. Group I, at admission to hospital the mean of the FHR was 147.48 beats/min. At discharge the FHR registered a mean of 143 beats/min. It we take into account the value of p < 0.000 the difference between means was significant. Group II, at admission the mean value of the FHR was 143.94 beats/min. At discharge the mean of the FHR was 142.26 beats/min. With a value of p < 0.000 the difference between means was significant. Glycemia: Group I at admission their glucose registered a mean value of 119.27 mg/dl at discharge, 112.20 mg/dl. Group II, at admission their glucose registered a mean value of 139.07 mg/dl, at discharge 119.50 mg/dl. HbA 1c the following readings were obtained: Group I, at admission the HbA 1c showed a mean 7.46% at discharge the mean was 7.354%. Group II, at admission the HbA 1c had a mean of 7.533% at discharge it was 6.68%. In the first group 12 newborns were vigorous in the first minute, they were judged to be in puntuation 7-8. Two were judged to be puntuation 2 and 6 respectively. In the fifth minute 13 of the children were progressing well, being in puntuation 8 and 9. The child judged to be in puntuation 2 at berth remained in health, in the fifth minute, the puntuation was 5. aIn the second group 11 of the newborns were judged to be in puntuation 7-9 in the first minute, and puntuation 8-9 in the fifth minute.
SERUM-LIPIDS WITHIN 36 MO OF DELIVERY IN WOMEN WITH RECENT GESTATIONAL DIABETES; We prospectively evaluated fasting serum total cholesterol (chol), low- and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-chol and HDL-chol), and triglycerides (TGs) in a large cohort of Hispanic women during the first 36 mo after pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). In 1340 women studied 6-12 wk postpartum (PP-GDM group), chol and LDL-chol were similar to levels in 43 postpartum control subjects without prior GDM. Compared with control subjects (2.01 +/- 1.24 mM), TG was elevated in the PP-GDM women with diabetes mellitus (DM) (2.86 +/- 2.21 mM, P < 10(-5)) and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) (2.64 +/- 1.68 mM, P = 0.02) but not in those with normal glucose tolerance (2.00 +/- 1.21 mM). HDL-chol was decreased in PP-GDM women with DM compared with those with normal glucose tolerance. A subgroup of 157 women with prior GDM returned for at least one annual follow-up test on nonhormonal contraception (FU-GDM: n = 60 at 3-11 mo after delivery, n = 78 at 12-23 mo, and n = 39 at 24-35 mo). The cumulative prevalence of DM by 36 mo was 40%. Chol or LDL-chol levels did not significantly change during the 1-yr intervals in the FU-GDM group and were similar to a control group of 36 women without prior GDM. TG was elevated and HDL-chol was decreased in the FU-GDM women with DM at 3-11 mo but not thereafter. Overall, the prevalence of moderate- and high-risk LDL-chol in the FU-GDM group was not different from that of control subjects. These findings suggest that lipid abnormalities are uncommon during the first 36 mo after delivery in women with recent GDM. The abnormalities found consisted of increased TG and decreased HDL-chol in subjects who had developed DM during the study period.
Diabetes in Pregnancy for Mothers and Offspring: Reflection on 30 Years of Clinical and Translational Research: The 2022 Norbert Freinkel Award Lecture; Hyperglycemia during pregnancy is a double-edged sword, affecting both mothers and their offspring and creating a vicious cycle that can affect multiple generations. Research in this field over the past 30 years has greatly improved our understanding of this disease and formed the basis of improved strategies to improve the health of mothers and their babies. Despite this progress, gestational and preexisting diabetes continue to have significant effects on both short- and long-term health of mothers and their offspring. In this article, I provide an overview of the work that my colleagues and I have done to advance the knowledge base around diabetes and pregnancy in four areas: 1) diabetes risk after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), including racial and ethnic disparities; 2) the pathophysiology of GDM and subsequent diabetes in Hispanic women; 3) diabetes prevention and beta-cell preservation following GDM; and 4) evidence for multiple potential developmental effects in offspring that vary according to the timing of exposure and severity of maternal diabetes during pregnancy. This research continues the legacy of Norbert Freinkel and the concepts that he contributed to the field of diabetes and pregnancy. With the epidemic of obesity, increasing rates of type 1 and type 2 diabetes in youth, and rising prevalence of GDM across all racial and ethnic groups, we have a lot more work to do to combat this disease to break the vicious cycle.
Early <i>vs</i>. standard screening and treatment of gestational diabetes in high-risk women - An attempt to determine relative advantages and disadvantages; Background and aims: Screening for Gestational Diabetes (GDM) is usually recommended between 24 and 28 weeks of pregnancy; however available evidence suggests that GDM may be already present before recommended time for screening, in particular among high-risk women as those with prior GDM or obesity. The purpose of this retrospective study was to evaluate whether early screening (16-18 weeks) and treatment of GDM may improve maternal and fetal outcomes. Methods and results: In 290 women at high-risk for GDM, we analyzed maternal and fetal outcomes, according to early or standard screening and GDM diagnosis time. Early screening was performed by 50% of high-risk women. The prevalence of GDM was 62%. Among those who underwent early screened, GDM was diagnosed at the first evaluation in 42.7%. Women with early diagnosis were more frequently treated with insulin and had a slightly lower HbA1c than women with who were diagnosed late. No differences were observed in the prevalence of Cesarean section, operative delivery, gestational age at the delivery, macrosomia, neonatal weight, Ponderal Index and Large-for-Gestational-Age among women with early or late GDM diagnosis or NGT. However, compared to NGT women, GDM women, irrespective of the time of diagnosis, had a lower gestational weight gain, lower prevalence of macrosomia (3.9% vs. 11.4%), small (1.7% vs. 8.3%) as well as large for gestational age (3.3% vs. 16.7%), but higher prevalence of pre-term delivery (8.9% vs. 2.7%). Conclusion: Early vs. standard screening and treatment of GDM in high-risk women is associated with similar short-term maternal-fetal outcomes, although women with an early diagnosis were treated to a greater extent with insulin therapy. (C) 2019 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Association between Cord Blood Haematocrit and Neonatal Outcome among Neonates of Diabetic Mothers: A Cohort Study; Introduction: The perinatal mortality rate of Neonates of Diabetic Mothers (NDMs) over the years showed a reducing trend. Polycythaemia is common in NDMs, and such neonates have a risk of hyperviscosity, renal vein thrombosis, cardiac failure, metabolic abnormalities, and necrotising enterocolitis. Aim: To assess the association between cord blood haematocrit and neonatal outcomes among NDMs. Materials and Methods: The present study was a cohort study that included 130 neonates, which was conducted at Amala Institute of Medical Sciences (AIMS), Thrissur, Kerala, India, from December 2019 to June 2021. The primary inclusion criteria were singleton neonates of Gestational Diabetic Mothers (GDM) (diabetes detected after 20 weeks of gestation) and Overt Diabetes Mellitus (ODM) defined under White's classification (known to be diabetic before the onset of pregnancy or detected in the initial visits). The parameters assessed were the frequency of distribution of hypoglycaemia, hypocalcaemia, and hyperbilirubinemia among the neonates of DM. Statistical analysis was done using Fisher's exact test and Student's t -test. Results: Among the 130 neonates, the majority of the mothers had GDM 111 (85.4%) than ODM 19 (14.6%). The majority were delivered by normal vaginal delivery 67 (51.5%). 10 (7.7%) of NDMs had a birth weight > 4000 g. Significant associations were noted between cord Packed Cell Volume (PCV) and the presence of hypoglycaemia (p-value=0.003), hypocalcaemia (p-value=0.0001), and Neonatal Hyperbilirubinemia (NNH) (p-value=0.0001) among NDMs. Conclusion: Hypoglycaemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and hypocalcaemia were common complications noted in NDMs.
Indications for Fetal Echocardiography High Referral, Low Yield?; An excellent imaging tool in the prenatal diagnosis and ongoing evaluation of congenital heart defects, fetal echocardiography is indicated in a selected population at increased risk compared with the general population. For certain "soft markers" of fetal congenital heart defects, ambiguity in the indications for fetal echo may result in a high referral rate, but low yield of congenital heart disease. Here, we critically examine 4 conditions, 2 maternal and 2 fetal: maternal gestational diabetes, advanced maternal age, isolated echogenic focus, and single umbilical artery. This critical review reveals that more prospective population-based studies with higher power and minimal bias need to be performed to establish the absolute risk of congenital heart defects in a selected population compared with that of the general population. Nonetheless, our analysis indicates that the absolute risk of congenital heart defects associated with each of these markers is low. Target Audience: Obstetricians & Gynecologists, Family Physicians Learning Objectives: After completion of this article, the reader should be able to define which patients should be referred for fetal echocardiography based on known risks, distinguish between relative and absolute risks for fetal congenital heart disease, and summarize fetal anomaly risks for women with altered glucose metabolism.
Elevation of sE-Selectin Levels from 2-24 Months Following Gestational Diabetes is Associated with Early Cardiometabolic Risk in Non-Diabetic Women; Women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM) represent a high risk group for type 2 diabetes and for cardiovascular disease in the future. The aim of current study was to assess selected parameters of dysfunction of endothelium such as concentration of soluble E-selectin (sE-selectin), soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1), soluable intracellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1) in women with pGDM. Subjects/Methods: Anthropometric parameters, glucose regulation, insulin resistance, lipid levels, inflammation and soluble plasma endothelial dysfunction. Biomarkers levels were evaluated in 85 women with pGDM and in the control group of 40 patients 2-24 months postpartum. Results: The pGDM group consisted of 67% women with normal glucose regulation (pGDM-N) and 33% with pre-diabetic state (pGDM-P). The body mass index, waist circumference, fasting and 2-h glucose during oral glucose tolerance test, sVCAM-1, sICAM-1, sE-selectin, tissue plasminogen activator antigen (tPA: Ag), high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), total-, LDL-cholesterol and triglycerides/HDL-cholesterol ratio were higher in pGDM women compared with the controls. The pGDM-P group was characterized by higher triglycerides levels compared with the pGDM-N. In the pGDM group only the plasma level of sE-selectin was associated with high glucose concentration within the pre-diabetic range. sE-selectin level correlated with triglycerides, triglycerides /HDL-cholesterol ratio, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 antigen (PAI-1: Ag) and sICAM-1. In stepwise models of logistic regression analysis, sE-selectin was associated with high levels of glucose independently of age, BMI, PAI-1: Ag and of hsCRP. This association was eliminated after adjustment for triglyceride level. Conclusions: In non-diabetic women with pGDM higher plasma sE-selectin level is not independently associated with the higher risk of pre-diabetic state. We suggest that in the case of these women the higher plasma sE-selectin level is rather the marker of early cardiometabolic risk due to its association with parameters of insulin resistance.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and transposition of great arteries associated with maternal diabetes and presumed gestational diabetes; Maternal diabetes mellitus affects the foetal heart both structurally and functionally. In early gestation, it has a teratogenic effect causing defects of primary cardiogenesis. In late gestation, it causes a unique form of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. We report an infant of a diabetic mother and an infant where there was presumed gestational diabetes during the pregnancy who presented with combined severe hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and complex transposition of the great arteries. This rare combination of structural and functional cardiac abnormalities reflects the different mechanisms and timings of injury that may occur to the foetal heart in association with maternal diabetes and has not been previously reported. The combination has significant implications regarding medical and surgical management, and necessitates prolonged supportive therapy whilst awaiting regression of the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy followed by delayed arterial switch operation. Conclusion: We describe two infants with the unusual combination of both hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and transposition of the great arteries. One was an infant of a diabetic mother, and the second was associated with presumed gestational diabetes.
Gestational diabetes in mice induces hematopoietic memory that affects the long-term health of the offspring; Gestational diabetes is a common medical complication of pregnancy that is associated with adverse perinatal outcomes and an increased risk of metabolic diseases and atherosclerosis in adult offspring. The mechanisms responsible for this delayed pathological transmission remain unknown. In mouse models, we found that the development of atherosclerosis in adult offspring born to diabetic pregnancy can be in part linked to hematopoietic alterations. Although they do not show any gross metabolic disruptions, the adult offspring maintain hematopoietic features associated with diabetes, indicating the acquisition of a lasting diabetic hematopoietic memory. We show that the induction of this hematopoietic memory during gestation relies on the activity of the advanced glycation end product receptor (AGER) and the nucleotide binding and oligomerization domain-like receptor family pyrin domain-containing 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome, which lead to increased placental inflammation. In adult offspring, we find that this memory is associated with DNA methyltransferase 1 (DNMT1) upregulation and epigenetic changes in hematopoietic progenitors. Together, our results demonstrate that the hematopoietic system can acquire a lasting memory of gestational diabetes and that this memory constitutes a pathway connecting gestational health to adult pathologies.
Is consumption of sugar-sweetened soft drinks during pregnancy associated with birth weight?; In Norway, there were parallel increases and subsequent decreases in birth weight (BW) and consumption of sugar-sweetened carbonated soft drinks (SSC) during the period 1990-2010, and by an ecological approach, we have suggested that the relationship was causal. The objective of this study was to examine if such a relationship was present in a prospectively followed cohort of pregnant women. The study population included 62,494 term singleton mother-infant dyads in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa), a national prospective cohort study in Norway from 1999 to 2008. The association between SSC consumption and BW was assessed using multiple regression analyses with adjustment for potential confounders. Each 100 ml intake of SSC was associated with a 7.8 g (95% confidence interval [CI]: -10.3 to -5.3) decrease in BW, a decreased risk of BW > 4,500 g (odds ratio [OR]: 0.94, 95% CI: 0.90 to 0.97) and a near significantly increased risk of BW < 2,500 g (OR: 1.05, 95% CI: 0.99 to 1.10). The negative association with SSC consumption was aggravated by smoking, lack of exercise, and obesity. For mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus, we observed an increased risk of BW > 4,500 g (OR: 1.18, 95% CI: 1.00 to 1.39) and a trend towards significant increase in mean BW (25.1 g, 95% CI: -2.0 to 52.2) per 100 ml SSC. Our findings suggest that increasing consumption of rapidly absorbed sugar from SSC had opposite associations with BW in normal pregnancies and pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus.
Women-specific predictors of cardiovascular disease risk - new paradigms; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in women in spite of the overall reduction in age-adjusted CVD mortality in the past few years. Although traditional risk factors for CVD are predictors of increased risk in both men and women, risk factors that are unique to women and related to their reproductive history have recently been considered to be important. The development of CVD in women may correlate with specific events taking place throughout a woman's obstetric and gynaecological history. Gynaecological conditions such as polycystic ovary syndrome, premature ovarian failure, surgical and spontaneous menopause, and conditions related to pregnancy, i.e. gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, miscarriages, and preterm birth, may affect the onset, clinical features, and prognosis of CVD later in women's lives. These pathological conditions that develop during the fertile period of life or peri-menopause have been suggested to be early markers of future CVD; their presence presents a unique opportunity for the early identification of women who may be at an increased risk of CVD. The assessment of CV risk in women should not just focus on conventional risk factors but also on different aspects of the gynaecological history to allow specific preventive and therapeutic strategies to be established. This paper reviews the various pathological conditions occurring in women during their fertile period of life and peri-menopause, which have been identified to potentially increase CVD risk. (C) 2019 Published by Elsevier B.V.
One Risk Assessment Tool for Cardiovascular Disease, Type 2 Diabetes, and Chronic Kidney Disease; OBJECTIVE-Individuals at high risk for chronic cardiometabolic disease (cardiovascular disease [CVD], type 2 diabetes, and chronic kidney disease [CKDD]) share many risk factors and would benefit from early intervention. We developed a nonlaboratory-based risk-assessment tool for identification of people at high cardiometabolic disease risk. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-Data of three population-based cohorts from different regions of the Netherlands were merged. Participants were 2,840 men and 3,940 women, white, aged 28-85 years, free from CVD, type 2 diabetes, and CKD diagnosis at baseline. The outcome was developing cardiometabolic disease during 7 years follow-up. RESULTS-Age, BMI, waist circumference, antihypertensive treatment, smoking, family history of myocardial infarction or stroke, and family history of diabetes were significant predictors, whereas former smoking, history of gestational diabetes, and use of lipid-lowering medication were not. The models showed acceptable calibration (Hosmer and Lemeshow statistics, P > 0.05) and discrimination (area under the receiver operating characteristic [ROC] curve 0.82 [95% CI 0.81-0.83] for women and 0.80 [0.78-0.82] for men). Discrimination of individual outcomes was lowest for diabetes (area under the ROC curve 0.70 for men and 0.73 for women) and highest for CVD mortality (0.83 for men and 0.85 for women). CONCLUSIONS-We demonstrate that a single risk stratification tool can identify people at high risk for future CVD, type 2 diabetes, and/or CKD. The present risk-assessment tool can be used for referring the highest risk individuals to health care for further (multivariable) risk assessment and may as such serve as an important part of prevention programs targeting chronic cardiometabolic disease.
An Early Mediterranean-Based Nutritional Intervention during Pregnancy Reduces Metabolic Syndrome and Glucose Dysregulation Rates at 3 Years Postpartum; A Mediterranean diet (MedDiet)-based intervention reduces the rate of immediate postpartum maternal metabolic disorders. Whether these effects persist long-term remains to be determined. A total of 2526 normoglycemic women were randomized before the 12th gestational week (GW). IG women followed a MedDiet with extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) (>40 mL/day) and a handful of nuts daily, whereas CG women had to restrict all kinds of dietary fat. At 3 months postpartum, a motivational lifestyle interview was held. The endpoint of the study evaluated the rate of abnormal glucose regulation (AGR) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) at 3 years postpartum in women of the San Carlos cohort. A total of 369/625 (59%) CG women and 1031/1603 (64.3%) IG women were finally analyzed. At 3 months and 3 years postdelivery, the IG women showed higher adherence to the MedDiet, which was associated with lower values of body mass index (BMI) and lipid and glycemic profiles. Body weight change and waist circumference were lower in the IG women. After applying multiple regression analysis, the ORs (95%CI) resulted in AGR (3.18 (2.48-4.08); p < 0.001)/MetS (3.79 (1.81-7.95); p = 0.001) for women with GDM and higher OR for development of MetS in CG women (3.73 (1.77-7.87); p = 0.001). A MedDiet-based intervention early in pregnancy demonstrated persistent beneficial effects on AGR and MetS rates at 3 years postpartum.
Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation affects pregnancy outcomes in gestational diabetes: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Objective: This study was designed to assess the effects of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on inflammatory factors, biomarkers of oxidative stress, and pregnancy outcomes among pregnant women with gestational diabetes (GDM).Methods: This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial was performed among 56 women with GDM. Subjects were randomly selected to receive either 1000mg omega-3 fatty acid supplements (containing 180mg eicosapentaenoic acid and 120mg docosahexanoic acid) (n=27) or a placebo (n=27) for 6 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at study baseline and after 6 weeks of intervention to quantify biochemical variables. Newborn's weight, height, head circumference, Apgar score, and hyperbilirubinemia were determined.Results: At the end of the 6 weeks, taking omega-3 fatty acid significantly decreased serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (change from baseline: -245.11570.5 versus+913.9 +/- 2329.4ng/mL, p=0.03) and plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) concentrations (-0.4 +/- 1.3 versus+0.6 +/- 2.3, p=0.04) compared with the placebo. Supplementation with omega-3 had a low incidence of hyperbilirubinemiain newborns (7.7% versus 33.3%, p=0.02) and decreased newborns' hospitalization rate (7.7% versus 33.3%, p=0.02).Conclusions: Taken together, omega-3 fatty acid supplementation in GDM women had beneficial effects on maternal serum hs-CRP, plasma MDA levels, incidence of newborn's hyperbilirubinemia, and hospitalization.
Sleep-disordered breathing and future cardiovascular disease risk; Sleep-disordered breathing occurs in 0.6-15% of reproductive age women. This condition is associated with an increased lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease, cardiovascular mortality, and all-cause mortality. A substantial body of evidence demonstrated increased perinatal morbidity among pregnancies affected by SDB including gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. These same conditions are predictive of later cardiovascular disease. Treatment of SDB has been demonstrated to decrease future cardiovascular events and mortality. Screening at-risk individuals in the perinatal period can identify women with SDB, who can benefit from treatment. Continuous positive airway pressure and lifestyle interventions can decrease subsequent adverse cardiovascular health outcomes. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
CAV1-CAVIN1-LC3B-mediated autophagy regulates high glucose-stimulated LDL transcytosis; Diabetes is a recognized high-risk factor for the development of atherosclerosis, in which macroautophagy/autophagy is emerging to play essential roles. The retention of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particles in subendothelial space following transcytosis across the endothelium is the initial step of atherosclerosis. Here, we identified that high glucose could promote atherosclerosis by stimulating transcytosis of LDL. By inhibiting AMPK-MTOR-PIK3C3 pathway, high glucose suppresses the CAV-CAVIN-LC3B-mediated autophagic degradation of CAV1; therefore, more CAV1 is accumulated in the cytosol and utilized to form more caveolae in the cell membrane and facilitates the LDL transcytosis across endothelial cells. For a proof of concept, higher levels of lipids were accumulated in the subendothelial space of umbilical venous walls from pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), compared to those of pregnant women without GDM. Our results reveal that high glucose stimulates LDL transcytosis by a novel CAV1-CAVIN1-LC3B signaling-mediated autophagic degradation pathway.
Nutrient intake of pregnant women at high risk of gestational diabetes; Background: The prevalence of gestational diabetes (GDM) has been increasing along with the obesity pandemic. It is associated with pregnancy complications and a risk of type 2 diabetes. Objective: To study nutrient intake among pregnant Finnish women at increased risk of GDM due to obesity or a history of GDM. Design: Food records from obese women or women with GDM history (n = 394) were examined at baseline (<= 20 weeks of pregnancy) of the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study. Results: The pregnant women had a mean fat intake of 33 en% (SD 7), saturated fatty acids (SFA) 12 en% (SD 3), and carbohydrate 46 en% (SD 6). Sucrose intake among pregnant women with GDM history was 7 en% (SD 3), which was different from the intake of the other pregnant women, 10 en% (SD 4) (p < 0.001). Median intakes of folate and vitamins A and D provided by food sources were below the Finnish national nutrition recommendation, but, excluding vitamin A, supplements raised the total intake to the recommended level. The frequency of use of dietary supplements among pregnant women was 77%. Conclusions: The observed excessive intake of SFA and low intake of carbohydrates among women at high risk of GDM may further increase their risk of GDM. A GDM history, however, seems to reduce sucrose intake in a future pregnancy. Pregnant women at high risk of GDM seem to have insufficient intakes of vitamin D and folate from food and thus need supplementation, which most of them already take.
Changes in plasma lipids and increased low-density lipoprotein susceptibility to oxidation in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes:: consequences of obesity; Dyslipidemia is associated with increased low-density lipoprotein (LDL) susceptibility to oxidation, a phenomenon associated with endothelial dysfunction, atherosclerosis, cell toxicity, and intrauterine growth retardation. The present study was designed to determine if women developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have both increased plasma lipids and LDL susceptibility to oxidation throughout pregnancy. We also wanted to study the effects of obesity upon these parameters. A nested case-control study was carried out in 45 women with uncomplicated pregnancies and 62 women diagnosed with GUM following the criteria of the American Diabetes Association. In all women, blood was drawn at 15, 24, and 32 weeks of gestation. Low-density lipoprotein oxidation was initiated by the addition Of CuCl2, and formation of conjugated dienes was monitored. Glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, vitamin E, estradiol, and progesterone were determined. In GDM, elevated levels of glucose, cholesterol, and triglycerides were observed when compared with the control group even in the first trimester, before the detection of diabetes. In the control group, the lag phase in the LDL oxidation was 85.3, 84.4, and 95.6 minutes at 15, 24, and 32 weeks of pregnancy, compared with 63.3, 63.4, and 74.5 minutes in the GDM group (P <.001 in the 3 periods). These differences remained when adjusted for the body mass index. In a multiple linear regression analysis, a negative correlation was observed between the lag phase and the body mass index (P <.001) and cholesterol (P <.001), whereas a positive one appeared with vitamin E (P <.05) and time of gestation (P <.001). In pregnancy, GDM increases LDL susceptibility to oxidation. Obesity and hypercholesterolemia further exacerbate this effect. (C) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Diabetes in pregnancy 100 years after the discovery of insulin: Hot topics and open questions to be addressed in the coming years; By making it possible for women with diabetes to achieve their family planning goals, the discovery of insulin ushered in the field of diabetes in pregnancy. The ensuing century has witnessed tremendous advances, with clinical focus on preconception planning and maternal glycemic control making successful pregnancy an achievable goal. Currently, the global epidemic of overweight/obesity has led to maternal hyperglycemia now affecting one in every six pregnancies worldwide, prompting intense research interest. Topics of particular interest include (i) the optimal approach to diagnosing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); (ii) the emergence of GDM as a chronic metabolic disorder identifying future risk of non-communicable disease; (iii) the transgenerational impact of maternal glycemia as per the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease; and (iv) the application of new technology for optimizing clinical management. These topics have raised exciting questions such as (i) whether the treatment of diabetes in pregnancy can impact growth/development in childhood, (ii) whether GDM can be prevented, and (iii) whether the diagnosis of GDM could facilitate the prevention of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Indeed, this field may be on the precipice of a golden era of new concepts and evidence to optimize the health of mother and child. (c) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Changes Over Time in Hepatic Markers Predict Changes in Insulin Sensitivity, β-Cell Function, and Glycemia; Context: Serum concentrations of liver enzymes and the hepatokine fetuin-A have been linked to the risk of type 2 diabetes, but their longitudinal impact on insulin resistance and beta-cell dysfunction is unclear. Objective: To evaluate the impact of changes over 2 years in fetuin-A and the liver enzymes alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), and g-glutamyltransferase (GGT) on changes in insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function, and glycemia in women with varying degrees of previous gestational dysglycemia, reflecting a range of future diabetic risk. Design/Setting/Participants: In total, 336 women underwent glucose challenge test (GCT) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy, followed by repeat OGTT and measurement of ALT/ AST/GGT/fetuin-A at both 1 year and 3 years postpartum. The antepartum GCT/OGTT identified four gestational glucose tolerance groups: gestational diabetes (n = 104), gestational impaired glucose tolerance (n = 59), abnormal GCT with normal OGTT (n = 98), and normal GCT/OGTT (n = 75). Results: At 1 and 3 years postpartum, ALT, AST, GGT, and fetuin-A did not differ across the four groups, but the intervening change in ALT/AST ratio was greater in the gestational dysglycemia groups (P = 0.05). Higher baseline ALT/AST (t = 21.99, P = 0.05) and fetuin-A (t = 23.17, P = 0.002) predicted lower insulin sensitivity (Matsuda) at 3 years, as did their respective changes from 1 to 3 years (ALT/AST: t = 25.47, P < 0.0001; fetuin-A: t = 23.56, P = 0.0004). Change in ALT/AST predicted lower beta-cell function (t = 22.33, P = 0.02) and higher fasting glucose at 3 years (t = 2.55, P = 0.01). Moreover, baseline fetuin-A predicted prediabetes/diabetes at 3 years (OR, 1.38; 95% CI, 1.01 to 1.88). Conclusion: Circulating hepatic markers, particularly ALT/AST ratio and fetuin-A, track with changes in insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function, supporting a pathophysiologic basis in their prediction of diabetic risk.
1,5-ANHYDROGLUCITOL IN DIABETES: ITS ROLE IN DIAGNOSTICS, SCREENING, GLYCEMIC STATUS ASSESSMENT, AND THE PREDICTION OF COMPLICATIONS; 1,5-anhydroglucitol (1,5-AG) is a short-term indicator of glycemic status, reflecting hyperglycemic glucose excursions over the prior 1-2 weeks. As glucose level remains in the normal range, plasma concentration of 1,5-AG is maintained stable due to the balance between intake with the food and renal excretion. Under hyperglycemic conditions, when the renal threshold for glucose is exceeded, concentration of 1,5-AG decreases due to competitive inhibition of 1,5-AG reabsorption by glucose. In clinical practice, plasma 1,5-AG is used for retrospective assessment of postprandial glucose fluctuations in diabetic subjects with mild or moderate elevation of HbA(1c). The marker is also applied in clinical trials of new agents affecting postprandial glycemia. The advantages of 1,5-AG as a marker of glycemic status are stability, independence on the physiological state when sampling, applicability for patients with abnormalities of hemoglobin and lifespan of erythrocytes. Meantime, the value of this marker is limited in subjects with renal tubular acidosis, 4-5 stages of chronic kidney disease, renal glucosuria, in those receiving acarbose and SGLT2 inhibitors. Application of 1,5-AG for the diagnosis and screening of type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes and prediabetes has been tested. It was revealed that sensitivity of 1,5-AG as screening tool may be insufficient in individuals with mild hyperglycemia, especially if fasting hyperglycemia prevails. Therefore, it has been proposed to combine 1,5-AG with assessment of fasting glucose for the screening purposes. In type 2 diabetic subjects low plasma 1,5-AG is a predictor of renal failure, cardiovascular events, including ischemic heart disease, heart failure and stroke. Decreased 1,5-AG concentration in pregnant women is a risk factor for gestational diabetes and macrosomia. Chromatography and enzymatic methods are used to determine 1,5-AG in blood, urine and other biological fluids. Currently, the relatively high cost and lack of standardization restrain the use of 1,5-AG in clinical practice. Further studies are needed for estimation of 1,5-AG value as a marker of glycemic status in type 1 diabetes, in patients with different levels of HbA(1c) and different magnitude of glucose variability, as well as in situations where the clinical value of HbA(1c) is limited.
Second-Trimester Constituents of the Metabolic Syndrome and Pregnancy Outcome: An Observational Cohort Study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women in later life. In the general population, metabolic syndrome (MetS) shows identical associations. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between GDM, constituents of MetS and pregnancy outcomes. Methods: Of 2041 pregnant women undergoing an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) between 22 and 30 weeks of gestation, data were collected to evaluate the constituents of MetS. Odds ratios (ORs) were calculated to determine the associations between MetS and pregnancy outcomes. Results: GDM and obesity did not affect the risk of fetal growth abnormalities (SGA/LGA), preterm birth or preeclampsia (PE). Hypertension significantly increased the risk of SGA (OR-1.59), PE (OR-3.14), and preterm birth <37 weeks (OR-2.17) and <34 weeks (OR-2.96) and reduced the occurrence of LGA (OR-0.46). Dyslipidemia increased the risk of PE (OR-2.25), while proteinuria increased the risk of PE (OR-12.64) and preterm birth (OR-4.72). Having >= 2 constituents increased the risk of PE and preterm birth. Conclusions: Constituents of metabolic syndrome, rather than treating impaired glucose handling, increased the risk of preeclampsia, altered fetal growth and preterm birth. Obesity was not related to adverse outcomes.
Impact of daily incremental change in environmental temperature on beta cell function and the risk of gestational diabetes in pregnant women; Aims/hypothesisThe prevalence of gestational diabetes (GDM) is higher in summer months, possibly reflecting an association between ambient temperature and blood glucose levels. However, the specific exposure and mechanism by which temperature may affect glucose metabolism in pregnancy remains unclear. We systematically evaluated the relationships of environmental temperature and changes therein over varying durations of exposure time with beta cell function, insulin sensitivity and glucose tolerance in women undergoing antepartum screening for GDM.MethodsAt a mean gestation of 29weeks, 1464 women in Toronto (ON, Canada) underwent an OGTT, from which 318 were diagnosed with GDM. Blood glucose, beta cell function and insulin sensitivity were evaluated in relation to 18 temperature variables: mean temperature and change in temperature on the day of the OGTT and over the preceding 7, 14, 21, 28, 35, 42, 49 and 56days, respectively.ResultsTemperature changes in the preceding 14, 21, 28, 35, 42, 49 and 56days (rather than mean temperatures) emerged as independent predictors of blood glucose. These relationships were evident in months where mean daily temperature was rising (February - July), but not in those where it was falling (August - January). Indeed, in February - July, the temperature changes in the preceding 21, 28 and 35days emerged as predictors of both poorer beta cell function and higher blood glucose. Moreover, in February - July, the changes in temperature in the preceding 21days (OR 1.16, 95% CI 1.01, 1.33) and 28days (OR 1.20, 95% CI 1.03, 1.39) were independent predictors of GDM, while mean temperatures were not.Conclusions/interpretationIn pregnant women, rising environmental temperature in the 3-4weeks prior to glucose tolerance testing may be associated with beta cell dysfunction and an increased risk of GDM.
Obstetric management of obesity in pregnancy; Rates of obesity among the pregnant population have increased substantially and adiposity has a damaging effect on every aspect of female reproductive life. This review summarises epidemiological data concerning obesity-related complications of pregnancy. Obesity is linked to a number of adverse obstetric outcomes as well as increased maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. These complications include miscarriage, congenital abnormalities, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, iatrogenic preterm delivery, postdates pregnancy with increased rates of induction of labour, caesarean section, postpartum haemorrhage, shoulder dystocia, infection, venous thromboembolism, and increased hospital stay. It is important to consider obese pregnant women as a high risk group with a linear increase in risk of complications associated with their degree of obesity. Their obstetric management should be consultant-led and involve a multidisciplinary team approach to improve outcome. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Managing Special Populations Among Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Glycemic goals and the therapies used to achieve them must be individualized for each patient based on several factors, one of the more important being coexisting conditions such as renal disease, liver disease, and cardiovascular disease. The potential to lower hemoglobin A(1c) and the possible long-term benefits of diabetes treatments must be balanced with safety issues, adverse effects, tolerability, ease of use, long-term adherence, and expense. The American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists and the American Diabetes Association have addressed these concerns by developing treatment guidelines to maximize efficacy and safety in the majority of patients with type 2 diabetes. Other organizations, including the American Medical Directors Association and the American Geriatric Society, have also published guidelines for diabetes management for patients in long-term care facilities. This review discusses the safety profiles of antidiabetic drugs, and the special treatment needs with respect to these drugs for patients with diabetes and comorbidities such as renal disease, liver disease, and cardiovascular disease.
Effects of Gestational Diabetes in Cognitive Behavior, Oxidative Stress and Metabolism on the Second-Generation Off-Spring of Rats; Gestational diabetes (GD) has a negative impact on neurodevelopment, resulting in cognitive and neurological deficiencies. Oxidative stress (OS) has been reported in the brain of the first-generation offspring of GD rats. OS has been strongly associated with neurodegenerative diseases. In this work, we determined the effect of GD on the cognitive behavior, oxidative stress and metabolism of second-generation offspring. GD was induced with streptozotocin (STZ) in pregnant rats to obtain first-generation offspring (F1), next female F1 rats were mated with control males to obtain second-generation offspring (F2). Two and six-month-old F2 males and females were employed. Anxious-type behavior, spatial learning and spatial working memory were evaluated. In cerebral cortex and hippocampus, the oxidative stress and serum biochemical parameters were measured. Male F2 GD offspring presented the highest level of anxiety-type behavior, whilst females had the lowest level of anxiety-type behavior at juvenile age. In short-term memory, adult females presented deficiencies. The offspring F2 GD females presented modifications in oxidative stress biomarkers in the cerebral cortex as lipid-peroxidation, oxidized glutathione and catalase activity. We also observed metabolic disturbances, particularly in the lipid and insulin levels of male and female F2 GD offspring. Our results suggest a transgenerational effect of GD on metabolism, anxiety-like behavior, and spatial working memory.
Follow-up of women with gestational diabetes in the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS): A population-based cohort study; Aim: Women with gestational diabetes (GDM) are at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), but there is disagreement regarding this conversion rate or its cardiovascular consequences. We investigated the metabolic and cardiovascular consequences of women with GDM in a population-based cohort study. Material and Methods: Three groups of women were selected from the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS) and followed up for an average 9 years: women with prior history of GDM (n = 29); women with history of macrosomia or stillbirth without GDM (MC-ST) (n = 570), and age-and BMI-matched controls (n = 628). The incidence of T2DM, hypertension (HTN) and dyslipidemia were compared between these groups. Statistical significance was set at P < 0.05. Results: During the 9-year follow-up, T2DM was diagnosed in 27.3% of women with GDM in comparison to 9.5% among the control group (P < 0/001); 7.4% of the MC-ST group versus 8.9% of control group developed T2DM during the study follow-up (P = 0/03). There was no significant difference in the incidence of HTN or dyslipidemia between these groups (P > 0/05). Conclusion: Women with a history of GDM are at higher risk for developing T2DM later in life. The timely recognition of GDM may provide a 'teachable moment' during which women could be motivated to implement lifestyle modifications to reduce their T2DM risk.
Hypoadiponectinaemia in South Asian women during pregnancy: evidence of ethnic variation in adiponectin concentration; Aims People of South Asian descent face an increased risk of Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and coronary artery disease (CAD) compared with other ethnic groups. One candidate factor underlying this risk may be adiponectin, as circulating levels of this adipocyte-derived protein are reduced in both Type 2 DM and CAD. In a recent study, we assessed the relationship between adiponectin and gestational diabetes (GDM), a potential model of early events in the natural history of Type 2 DM. Here, we report the impact of ethnicity on plasma adiponectin concentration in that study. Methods A cross-sectional study was performed in 180 women undergoing oral glucose tolerance testing in late second or early third trimester to investigate the relationship between adiponectin and glucose tolerance in pregnancy. Based on self-reported ethnicity, participants were stratified into three groups: (i) Caucasian (n = 116), (ii) South Asian (n = 31), and (iii) Asian (n = 28). Results Median adiponectin concentration was much lower in the South Asian group (9.7 mug/ml) than in Caucasians (15.8 mug/ml) or Asians (16.1 mug/ml) (overall P < 0.0001). With adjustment for age, prepregnancy body mass index, weight gain in pregnancy, previous history of GDM, family history of DM, fasting insulin and glucose intolerance, mean adiponectin remained significantly lower among South Asians compared with either Caucasians (P < 0.0001) or Asians (P = 0.0034). Conclusions Women of South Asian descent exhibit significantly reduced plasma concentrations of adiponectin in pregnancy compared with Caucasian and Asian counterparts. This observation raises the possibility of hypoadiponectinaemia as a potential factor contributing to the increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in South Asians.
ROLE OF PRENATAL ECHOCARDIOGRAPHY IN THE STUDY OF HYPERTROPHIC CARDIOMYOPATHY IN THE FETUS; The increased incidence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in children of diabetic mothers has already been demonstrated, but its prenatal diagnosis has not yet been extensively studied.  The purpose of this prospective study was to evaluate the frequency, severity, and echocardiographic features of fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in a population with several indications for prenatal echocardiography.  From March 1987 to April 1991, 283 fetuses were submitted to comprehensive prenatal echocardiography, including M-mode measurements, cross-sectional imaging, Doppler studies, and color flow mapping.  One hundred seventy-six were pregnancies complicated by previous or gestational diabetes.  The diagnosis of disproportionate septal hypertrophy was made in 39 fetuses (mean septal thickness 7.12 +/- 1.6 mm), at a mean gestational age of 32 weeks.  Diabetes mellitus was present in 36 of these pregnancies (92.3%).  In four cases, nonimmune hydrops was detected.  A systolic anterior motion of the mitral valve was present in three fetuses, but only one showed a gradient across the left ventricular outflow tract.  Postnatal echocardiographic examination in 27 babies did not show false positivity.  In ten cases, spontaneous regression of the septal hypertrophy was shown.  There were three neonatal deaths, unrelated to the myocardial disease.  We concluded that transient hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a frequent entity, especially when associated with diabetes during gestation, being a potential cause for nonimmune hydrops.  Fetal echocardiography is the method of choice for its prenatal diagnosis and should always be indicated in diabetic mothers.
Clinical and biochemical approach to predicting post-pregnancy metabolic decompensation; The prevalence of gestational diabetes in the developed world is increased and parallels that of obesity. Apart from the maternal and fetal complications occurring during pregnancy, GDM is characterized by a high subsequent risk of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. In this paper, we outline the different factors to consider in assessing the future risk of diabetes developing in women with a history of GDM. Looking at the modifiable risk factors, it is worth noting that promoting a healthy diet and lifestyle before (physical activity), during and after pregnancy (breast feeding) in women of fertile age are fundamental to the success of efforts to reduce the burden of diabetes in these young people. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Parental genetically predicted liability for coronary heart disease and risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes: a cohort study; Background Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) may unmask or exacerbate a woman's underlying risk for coronary heart disease (CHD). We estimated associations of maternal and paternal genetically predicted liability for CHD with lifelong risk of APOs. We hypothesized that associations would be found for women, but not their male partners (negative controls). Methods We studied up to 83,969 women (and up to 55,568 male partners) from the Norwegian Mother, Father and Child Cohort Study or the Trondelag Health Study with genotyping data and lifetime history of any APO in their pregnancies (1967-2019) in the Medical Birth Registry of Norway (miscarriage, stillbirth, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, small for gestational age, large for gestational age, and spontaneous preterm birth). Maternal and paternal genetic risk scores (GRS) for CHD were generated using 148 gene variants (p-value < 5 x 10(-8), not in linkage disequilibrium). Associations between GRS for CHD and each APO were determined using logistic regression, adjusting for genomic principal components, in each cohort separately, and combined using fixed effects meta-analysis. Results One standard deviation higher GRS for CHD in women was related to increased risk of any hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio [OR] 1.08, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.05-1.10), pre-eclampsia (OR 1.08, 95% CI 1.05-1.11), and small for gestational age (OR 1.04, 95% CI 1.01-1.06). Imprecise associations with lower odds of large for gestational age (OR 0.98, 95% CI 0.96-1.00) and higher odds of stillbirth (OR 1.04, 95% CI 0.98-1.11) were suggested. These findings remained consistent after adjusting for number of total pregnancies and the male partners' GRS and restricting analyses to stable couples. Associations for other APOs were close to the null. There was weak evidence of an association of paternal genetically predicted liability for CHD with spontaneous preterm birth in female partners (OR 1.02, 95% CI 0.99-1.05), but not with other APOs. Conclusions Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, small for gestational age, and stillbirth may unmask women with a genetically predicted propensity for CHD. The association of paternal genetically predicted CHD risk with spontaneous preterm birth in female partners needs further exploration.
Intrapartum fetal ECG and diabetes; Aim. The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence and types of ST-segment changes of the fetal electrocardiogram (FECG) during labour in term fetuses born to mothers with diabetes mellitus (DM) or gestational diabetes. Methods. This was a retrospective case-control study involving populations from two multi centre trials: the Swedish Randomized Control Trial and the European Union ST-analysis (EU-STAN) trial. ST-segment changes were assessed in 104/309 cases and 207/468 controls from the Swedish and EU-STAN trials, respectively. Results. ST depression was present on the FECG in 22.1% of fetuses of mothers with DM compared to 12% of controls OR=2.6, 95% CI=1.4-4.7, p=0.002 after adjusting for trial, birth weight, and nulliparity. ST elevation was present in 47.1% of DM patients and 41.2% of controls (OR=1.4, 95% CI=0.9-2.3, p=0.18). Conclusion. ST depression on the FECG was significantly more prevalent in the fetuses of mothers with DM, probably not indicating hypoxia but an altered ability of the myocardium to respond to the stress of labour. Further studies into the mechanism of fetal compromise during diabetic labour, are required.
Mothers after Gestational Diabetes in Australia (MAGDA): A Randomised Controlled Trial of a Postnatal Diabetes Prevention Program; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an increasingly prevalent risk factor for type 2 diabetes. We evaluated the effectiveness of a group-based lifestyle modification program in mothers with prior GDM within their first postnatal year. Methods and Findings In this study, 573 women were randomised to either the intervention (n = 284) or usual care (n = 289). At baseline, 10% had impaired glucose tolerance and 2% impaired fasting glucose. The diabetes prevention intervention comprised one individual session, five group sessions, and two telephone sessions. Primary outcomes were changes in diabetes risk factors (weight, waist circumference, and fasting blood glucose), and secondary outcomes included achievement of lifestyle modification goals and changes in depression score and cardiovascular disease risk factors. The mean changes (intention-to-treat [ITT] analysis) over 12 mo were as follows: -0.23 kg body weight in intervention group (95% CI -0.89, 0.43) compared with +0.72 kg in usual care group (95% CI 0.09, 1.35) (change difference -0.95 kg, 95% CI -1.87, -0.04; group by treatment interaction p = 0.04); -2.24 cm waist measurement in intervention group (95% CI -3.01, -1.42) compared with -1.74 cm in usual care group (95% CI -2.52, -0.96) (change difference -0.50 cm, 95% CI -1.63, 0.63; group by treatment interaction p = 0.389); and + 0.18 mmol/l fasting blood glucose in intervention group (95% CI 0.11, 0.24) compared with + 0.22 mmol/l in usual care group (95% CI 0.16, 0.29) (change difference -0.05 mmol/l, 95% CI -0.14, 0.05; group by treatment interaction p = 0.331). Only 10% of women attended all sessions, 53% attended one individual and at least one group session, and 34% attended no sessions. Loss to follow-up was 27% and 21% for the intervention and control groups, respectively, primarily due to subsequent pregnancies. Study limitations include low exposure to the full intervention and glucose metabolism profiles being near normal at baseline. Conclusions Although a 1-kg weight difference has the potential to be significant for reducing diabetes risk, the level of engagement during the first postnatal year was low. Further research is needed to improve engagement, including participant involvement in study design; it is potentially more effective to implement annual diabetes screening until women develop prediabetes before offering an intervention.
Intrauterine exposure to diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease in adolescence and early adulthood: a population-based birth cohort study; BACKGROUND: It is unclear whether intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes is associated with risk factors for cardiovascular disease and related end points in adulthood. We examined this potential association in a population-based birth cohort followed up to age 35 years. METHODS: We performed a cohort study of offspring born between 1979 and 2005 (n= 293 546) and followed until March 2015 in Manitoba, Canada, using registry-based administrative data. The primary exposures were intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The primary outcome was a composite measure of incident cardiovascular disease events, and the secondary outcome was a composite of risk factors for cardiovascular disease in offspring followed up to age 35 years. RESULTS: The cohort provided 3 628 576 person-years of data (mean age at latest follow-up 20.5 [standard deviation 6.4] years, 49.3% female); 2765 (0.9%) of the offspring experienced a cardiovascular disease end point, and 12 673 (4.3%) experienced a cardiovascular disease risk factor. After propensity score matching, the hazard for cardiovascular disease end points was elevated in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1.42, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.12-1.79) but not type 2 diabetes (adjusted HR 1.40, 95% CI 0.98-2.01). A similar association was observed for cardiovascular disease risk factors (gestational diabetes: adjusted HR 1.92, 95% CI 1.75-2.11; type 2 diabetes: adjusted HR 3.40, 95% CI 3.00-3.85). INTERPRETATION: Intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes was associated with higher morbidity and risk related to cardiovascular disease among offspring up to 35 years of age.
Oral Glucose Tolerance Test in Pregnancy and Subsequent Maternal Hypertension; Objective The aim of the study is to evaluate whether values and the shape of the glucose curve during the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy identify women at risk of developing hypertension (HTN) later in life. Methods This category includes the secondary analysis of a follow-up from a mild gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) study that included a treatment trial for mild GDM ( n = 458) and an observational cohort of participants with abnormal 1-hour glucose loading test only (normal OGTT, n = 430). Participants were assessed at a median of 7 (IQR 6-8) years after their index pregnancy, and trained staff measured their blood pressure (systolic blood pressure [SBP]; diastolic blood pressure [DBP]). The association between values and the shape of the glucose curve during OGTT in the index pregnancy and the primary outcome defined as elevated BP (SBP >= 120, DBP >= 80 mm Hg, or receiving anti-HTN medications), and secondary outcome defined as stage 1 or higher (SBP >= 130, DBP >= 80 mm Hg, or receiving anti-HTN medications) at follow-up were evaluated using multivariable regression, adjusting for maternal age, body mass index, and pregnancy-associated hypertension during the index pregnancy. Results There was no association between fasting, 1-hour OGTT, and the outcomes. However, the 2-hour OGTT value was positively associated (adjusted odds ratio [aRR] per 10-unit increase 1.04, 95% CI 1.01-1.08), and the 3-hour was inversely associated (aRR per 10-unit increase 0.96, 95% CI 0.93-0.99) with the primary outcome. When the shape of the OGTT curve was evaluated, a monophasic OGTT response (peak at 1 hour followed by a decline in glucose) was associated with increased risk of elevated BP (41.3vs. 23.5%, aRR 1.66, 95% CI 1.17-2.35) and stage 1 HTN or higher (28.5 vs. 14.7%, aRR 1.83, 95% CI 1.15-2.92), compared with a biphasic OGTT response. Conclusion Among persons with mild GDM or lesser degrees of glucose intolerance, the shape of the OGTT curve during pregnancy may help identify women who are at risk of HTN later in life, with biphasic shape to be associated with lower risk.
FETAL DEATH IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING NORMAL ANTENATAL FETAL HEART-RATE PATTERN - CASE-REPORT; A fetal death occurred during antenatal non-stressed cardiotocography in a woman with gestational diabetes. The death occurred immediately following 30 min of normal fetal heart rate tracing with an active baby and with normal biochemical tests of placental function.
Randomised clinical trial using Coronary Artery Calcium Scoring in Australian Women with Novel Cardiovascular Risk Factors (CAC-WOMEN Trial): study protocol; IntroductionCardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women around the world. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women (Australian Indigenous women) have a high burden of CVD, occurring on average 10-20 years earlier than non-Indigenous women. Traditional risk prediction tools (eg, Framingham) underpredict CVD risk in women and Indigenous people and do not consider female-specific 'risk-enhancers' such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and premature menopause. A CT coronary artery calcium score ('CT-calcium score') can detect calcified atherosclerotic plaque well before the onset of symptoms, being the single best predictor for future cardiac events. A CT-calcium score may therefore help physicians intensify medical therapy in women with risk-enhancing factors.Methods and analysisThis multisite, single-blind randomised (1:1) controlled trial of 700 women will assess the effectiveness of a CT-calcium score-guided approach on cardiovascular risk factor control and healthy lifestyle adherence, compared with standard care. Women without CVD aged 40-65 (35-65 for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women) at low-intermediate risk on standard risk calculators and with at least one risk-enhancing factor (eg, HDP, GDM, premature menopause) will be recruited. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women will be actively recruited, aiming for similar to 10% of the sample size. The 6-month coprimary outcomes will be low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and systolic blood pressure. Barriers and enablers will be assessed, and a health economic analysis performed.Ethics and disseminationWestern Sydney Local Health District Research Ethics Committee (HREC 2021/ETH11250) provided ethics approval. Written informed consent will be obtained before randomisation. Consent will be sought for access to individual participant Medicare Benefits Schedule, Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme claims usage through Medicare Australia and linked Admitted Patient Data Collection. Study results will be disseminated via peer-reviewed publications and presentations at national and international conferences.Trial registration numberACTRN12621001738819p.
Racial Disparities in Prevalence of Gestational Diabetes by Maternal Nativity and Length of US Residence in an Urban Low-Income Population in the United States; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Racial/ethnic differences in GDM prevalence have been described, but disparities by nativity and duration of US residence are not well studied. Methods: We analyzed data from 6088 women (mean age: 27.5 years [standard deviation: 6.3 years]) from the Boston Birth Cohort who self-identified as non-Hispanic Black (NHB; n = 2697), Hispanic (n = 2395), or non-Hispanic White (NHW; n = 996). Using multivariable logistic regression, we examined the cross-sectional association of nativity and duration of US residence (< 10 vs >= 10 years) with GDM within each race/ethnicity group. Results: Foreign-born NHB, NHW, and Hispanic women with a duration of US residence of < 10 years had a lower prevalence of CVD risk factors than those with US residence of >= 10 years, respectively, as follows: smoking (NHB: 1.7% vs 3.1%; NHW: 5.7% vs 8.1%; Hispanic: 0.4% vs 2.6%); obesity (NHB: 17.1% vs 23.4%; NHW: 3.8% vs 15.6%; Hispanic: 10.9% vs 22.7%); and severe stress (NHB: 8.7% vs 11.9%; NHW: 5.7% vs 28.1%; Hispanic: 3.8% vs 7.3%). In analyses adjusting for sociodemographic characteristics and CVD risk factors, foreign-born NHB women with a duration of US residence of < 10 years had higher odds of having GDM (adjusted odds ratio: 1.60, 95% confidence interval: 0.99-2.60), compared with their US-born counterparts, whereas foreign-born Hispanic women with a duration of US residence of < 10 years had lower odds of having GDM (adjusted odds ratio: 0.54, 95% confidence interval: 0.32-0.91). The odds of having GDM in Hispanic and NHB women with a duration of US residence of >= 10 years were not significantly different from those of their US-born counterparts. Conclusions: The "healthy immigrant effect" and its waning with longer duration of US residence apply to the prevalence of GDM among Hispanic women but not NHB women. Further research on the intersectionality of race and nativity-based disparities is needed.
Preconception metabolic indicators predict gestational diabetes and offspring birthweight; Pregnancy conditions such as gestational diabetes (GDM) and macrosomia lead to an increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the offspring, perpetuating a cycle of poor health. We hypothesized that (1) pre-pregnancy indicators of metabolism would be associated with GDM and birthweight; and (2) the lipid accumulation product (LAP; incorporating waist circumference and triglycerides) and visceral adiposity index (VAI; incorporating waist circumference, triglycerides, and HDL-c) would be better predictors of GDM and birthweight than other indicators. Data from the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study were linked to the Finnish birth registry for 349 women. BMI, triglycerides, waist circumference, insulin, HOMA-IR, LAP, and VAI at the visit prior to the pregnancy were examined as predictors of GDM and large-for-gestational-age (LGA) using logistic regression with adjustment for age, parity, and smoking. Waist circumference was the strongest predictor of GDM (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.66, 95% confidence interval 1.16-2.38) and LGA (aOR 1.41, 1.00-1.99). For GDM, all markers had similar discrimination; for LGA, the area under the receiver operating curve for waist circumference was significantly higher than for BMI (p < 0.01). This analysis suggests that pregnancy and even offspring health is affected by risk factors outside the immediate time period of pregnancy.
Sex differences in cardiovascular risk factors and disease prevention; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been seen as a men's disease for decades, however it is more common in women than in men. It is generally assumed in medicine that the effects of the major risk factors (RF) on CVD outcomes are the same in women as in men. Recent evidence has emerged that recognizes new, potentially independent, CVD RF exclusive to women. In particular, common disorders of pregnancy, such as gestational hypertension and diabetes, as well as frequently occurring endocrine disorders in women of reproductive age (e.g. polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and early menopause) are associated with accelerated development of CVD and impaired CVD-free survival. With the recent availability of prospective studies comprising men and women, the equivalency of major RF prevalence and effects on CVD between men and women can be examined. Furthermore, female-specific RFs might be identified enabling early detection of apparently healthy women with a high lifetime risk of CVD. Therefore, we examined the available literature regarding the prevalence and effects of the traditional major RFs for CVD in men and women. This included large prospective cohort studies, cross-sectional studies and registries, as randomised trials are lacking. Furthermore, a literature search was performed to examine the impact of female-specific RFs on the traditional RFs and the occurrence of CVD. We found that the effects of elevated blood pressure, overweight and obesity, and elevated cholesterol on CVD outcomes are largely similar between women and men, however prolonged smoking is significantly more hazardous for women than for men. With respect to female-specific RF only associations (and no absolute risk data) could be found between preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and menopause onset with the occurrence of CVD. This review shows that CVD is the main cause of death in men and women, however the prevalence is higher in women. Determination of the CV risk profile should take into account that there are differences in impact of major CV RF leading to a worse outcome in women. Lifestyle interventions and awareness in women needs more consideration. Furthermore, there is accumulating evidence that female-specific RF are of influence on the impact of major RF and on the onset of CVD. Attention for female specific RF may enable early detection and intervention in apparently healthy women. Studies are needed on how to implement the added RF's in current risk assessment and management strategies to maximize benefit and cost-effectiveness specific in women. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fetal myocardial morphological and functional changes associated with well-controlled gestational diabetes; Objective: To make a global evaluation of the fetal myocardial changes in a well-controlled gestational diabetic population. Study design: Twenty-four pregnant well-controlled diabetic patients were selected. Sixteen normal pregnancies were randomly collected as a control group. Measurements of morphological and functional myocardial parameters were performed. Data from the left ventricular outflow tract and peripheral Doppler data were obtained. Result: The thickness of the interventricular septum was increased in diabetic pregnancies (p < 0.001). Tricuspid E/A index was the only functional parameter showing a significant variation, with lower values in diabetic pregnancies. Doppler parameters from the left ventricular outflow tract and peripheral Doppler waveforms were similar between groups. Conclusion: A tendency towards interventricular septum hypertrophy was observed even in well-controlled diabetic pregnancies. Mild hypertrophic cardiac changes were not associated with abnormal cardiac function or signs of left ventricular outflow obstruction, although minor changes in right ventricular diastolic function were recorded. (c) 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Diabetes & endocrinology: something for everyone; This symposium addressed new developments and controversies in diabetes and endocrinology. The practical management of hyperparathyroidism, thyroid nodules, hyperprolactinaemia and diabetes and thyroid disorders in pregnancy were all discussed. In addition to these traditional areas of endocrinology, there was a focus on the role of endocrinology in 'non-endocrine' specialties, namely critical care and cardiovascular disease. We learned that manipulation of the thyroid axis or local glucocorticoids can potentially be used to treat high cholesterol, atrial fibrillation or coronary stent stenosis, and that glucose lowering with insulin reduces mortality in the critically ill.
Tuberous sclerosis with Cardiac Tumor in fetus with Diabetic Mother; Introduction A heart tumor in children is rare and the most primary tumor of the heart is rhabdomyoma. We report a case of cardiac mass diagnosed at 32th weeks of pregnancy while the mother had gestational diabetes Mellitus. Serial echocardiography revealed regression of the tumor; then follow up of the patient confirmed tuberous sclerosis.
Prepregnancy Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in a Safety-Net Hospital; Background: Many adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with elevated cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. However, APO data in the context of pre-existing CVD risk factors, and from diverse populations, are limited. We assessed the occurrence of APOs among individuals with and without prepregnancy CVD risk factors, overall and by race/ethnicity.Materials and Methods: We conducted a retrospective study using electronic medical record data from a large urban safety-net hospital. Individuals with prenatal care and delivery between 2016 and 2018 at the hospital were included, and data from prenatal intake through the delivery hospitalization were captured. The exposure, prepregnancy CVD risk factors (hypertension, diabetes, tobacco use, and obesity), and the outcome, APOs (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, low birth weight, and stillbirth), were identified from electronic medical records.Results: We identified 3760 unique delivering individuals, of whom 55.1% self-identified as Black non-Hispanic and 17% as Hispanic. Prepregnancy CVD risk factor prevalence was 45.6%, most commonly obesity (26.6%). APO prevalence was 35.6%, most commonly a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (20.1%). Overall, 45.7% of APOs occurred in the absence of recognized prepregnancy CVD risk factors, representing 16.3% of the total sample. Among individuals without prepregnancy CVD risk factors, APO prevalence was 30.0% and did not vary by race/ethnicity.Conclusions: In this racially and ethnically diverse hospital-based sample, APOs were present in one in three parous individuals without prepregnancy CVD risk factors-a group with potentially elevated CVD risk who might otherwise be missed by traditional CVD risk factor screening.
The discovery of novel predictive biomarkers and early-stage pathophysiology for the transition from gestational diabetes to type 2 diabetes; Aims/hypothesisGestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects up to 20% of pregnancies, and almost half of the women affected progress to type 2 diabetes later in life, making GDM the most significant risk factor for the development of future type 2 diabetes. An accurate prediction of future type 2 diabetes risk in the early postpartum period after GDM would allow for timely interventions to prevent or delay type 2 diabetes. In addition, new targets for interventions may be revealed by understanding the underlying pathophysiology of the transition from GDM to type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study is to identify both a predictive signature and early-stage pathophysiology of the transition from GDM to type 2 diabetes.MethodsWe used a well-characterised prospective cohort of women with a history of GDM pregnancy, all of whom were enrolled at 6-9weeks postpartum (baseline), were confirmed not to have diabetes via 2 h 75 g OGTT and tested anually for type 2 diabetes on an ongoing basis (2years of follow-up). A large-scale targeted lipidomic study was implemented to analyse similar to 1100 lipid metabolites in baseline plasma samples using a nested pair-matched case-control design, with 55 incident cases matched to 85 non-case control participants. The relationships between the concentrations of baseline plasma lipids and respective follow-up status (either type 2 diabetes or no type 2 diabetes) were employed to discover both a predictive signature and the underlying pathophysiology of the transition from GDM to type 2 diabetes. In addition, the underlying pathophysiology was examined in vivo and in vitro.ResultsMachine learning optimisation in a decision tree format revealed a seven-lipid metabolite type 2 diabetes predictive signature with a discriminating power (AUC) of 0.92 (87% sensitivity, 93% specificity and 91% accuracy). The signature was highly robust as it includes 45-fold cross-validation under a high confidence threshold (1.0) and binary output, which together minimise the chance of data overfitting and bias selection. Concurrent analysis of differentially expressed lipid metabolite pathways uncovered the upregulation of -linolenic/linoleic acid metabolism (false discovery rate [FDR] 0.002) and fatty acid biosynthesis (FDR 0.005) and the downregulation of sphingolipid metabolism (FDR 0.009) as being strongly associated with the risk of developing future type 2 diabetes. Focusing specifically on sphingolipids, the downregulation of sphingolipid metabolism using the pharmacological inhibitors fumonisin B1 (FB1) and myriocin in mouse islets and Min6 K8 cells (a pancreatic beta-cell like cell line) significantly impaired glucose-stimulated insulin secretion but had no significant impact on whole-body glucose homeostasis or insulin sensitivity.Conclusions/interpretationWe reveal a novel predictive signature and associate reduced sphingolipids with the pathophysiology of transition from GDM to type 2 diabetes. Attenuating sphingolipid metabolism in islets impairs glucose-stimulated insulin secretion.
The Role of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in Conventional Cardiovascular Risk Prediction; SignificanceAdverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), such as gestational diabetes or hypertensive disease of pregnancy, are recognized as sex-specific cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. While professional societies recommend considering APOs in cardiovascular risk assessment, CVD risk prediction calculators only include traditional risk factors. This study adds to the small body of research on the quantitative contribution of APOs to CVD risk prediction by using a contemporary, diverse cohort derived from an electronic health record. Including APOs did not improve risk prediction beyond traditional risk factors. How to best incorporate a history of APOs into CVD prevention requires further study. ObjectiveApproximately one-third of women in the U.S. experience an adverse pregnancy outcome (APO), which are recognized as sex-specific cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. We examine if APOs confer additional CVD risk beyond that of traditional CVD risk factors.MethodsWomen, age 40-79, with a pregnancy history and no pre-existing CVD were identified in the electronic health record of one health system (n = 2306). APOs included any APO, hypertensive disease of pregnancy (HDP), and gestational diabetes (GDM). Hazard ratios of time to CVD event were estimated from survival models using Cox proportional hazard regression. Discrimination, calibration, and net reclassification of re-estimated CVD risk prediction models including APOs were examined.ResultsThere was no significant association between any APO, HDP, or GDM and time to CVD outcome in survival models (95% confidence intervals all include 1). Including any APO, HDP, GDM in the CVD risk prediction model did not significantly improve discrimination and there were no clinically relevant changes in net reclassification of cases and non-cases. The strongest predictor of time to CVD event in the survival models was Black race, with hazard ratios ranging from 1.59 to 1.62, statistically significant for all three models.ConclusionWomen with APOs did not have an additional risk of CVD, controlling for traditional risk factors in the PCE and this sex-specific factor did not improve risk prediction. Black race was consistently a strong predictor of CVD even with data limitations. Further study of APOs can help determine how to best use this information for CVD prevention in women.
Prepregnancy Body Mass Index and Prenatal Fasting Glucose Are Effective Predictors of Early Postpartum Metabolic Syndrome in Spanish Mothers with Gestational Diabetes; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may be an expression of early metabolic syndrome. It is unknown whether weight and/or glucose parameters assessed at GDM pregnancies predict the risk of metabolic syndrome at the early postpartum period. Methods: A group of women with GDM (N=1512) was evaluated at 3-11 months postpartum. Incident cases of diabetes were excluded. Antenatal measurements of GDM severity, third-trimester average glycated hemoglobin levels, prepregnancy body mass index (BMI), and increased gestational weight gain were considered. The predictive capability of these factors for postpartum metabolic syndrome was estimated. Results: The prevalence of postpartum metabolic syndrome was 10.9%. The three most common features of metabolic syndrome were low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (31.2%), high fasting glucose values (23.5%), and a high waist circumference (22.8%). The main predictors of metabolic syndrome were overweight or obesity prepregnancy and high antenatal fasting glycemia. This analysis was adjusted for family history of diabetes, prior GDM, dyslipidemia before pregnancy, chronic arterial hypertension, age, and smoking. The model area 95% confidence interval under the receiver operating characteristic curve was 0.87 (0.84-0.90) for metabolic syndrome presence. The risk for metabolic syndrome was progressively increased as risk factors were added (P<0.001 for trend). When obesity and high fasting glycemia were combined, a multiplied effect ensued. Conclusions: Women having GDM are at threat of early postpartum metabolic syndrome. This risk can be easily identified by assessing prepregnancy BMI and antenatal fasting glycemia in the first pregnancy visit.
Association of tribbles homologue 1 gene expression in human umbilical vein endothelial cells with duration of intrauterine exposure to hyperglycaemia; Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is considered to be an important factor that epigenetically predisposes offspring to metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. However, the mechanisms of how intrauterine hyperglycaemia affects offspring have not been thoroughly studied. The mammalian tribbles homologue 1 (TRIB1) gene is associated with plasma lipid concentrations and coronary artery disease (CAD). Our aim was to study the effect of GDM and its treatment terms on the level of TRIB1 gene expression in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) of newborns from women with and without GDM. The study included 50 women with GDM and 25 women without GDM (control group). Women with GDM were divided into three groups according to their gestational age when the treatment of GDM started: 24-28 weeks (GDM1, N=16), 29-32 weeks (GDM2, N=25) and >34 weeks (GDM3, N=9). The levels of TRIB1 gene expression in GDM3, GDM2, GDM1 and control groups were 2.8 +/- 1.1, 4.2 +/- 2.4, 6.0 +/- 3.4 and 8.1 +/- 6.1, respectively (p=0.001). After comparison in pairs the difference was significant for the following pairs: GDM2-control (p=0.004), GDM3-control (p=0.002), GDM1-GDM3 (p=0.012). Notably, if treatment had been started before the 28th week of gestation, the difference in TRIB1 gene expression in HUVECs was not significant (p=0.320 for comparison between GDM1 and control groups). Our findings support the hypothesis that TRIB1 gene expression in HUVECs depends on the duration of intrauterine exposure to hyperglycaemia.
Invited Commentary: Gestational Hypertension and Diabetes-A Major Public Health Concern; The obesity epidemic in the United States and other countries has contributed to an increase in the rates of gestational diabetes and hypertension. In the past, it was thought that most cases of gestational diabetes and hypertension would resolve after completion of pregnancy. In this issue of the Journal, Pace et al. (Am J Epidemiol. 2017; 186(10): 1115-1124) clearly documented that both gestational diabetes and hypertension lead to diabetes and hypertension and that the combination of both during pregnancy leads to very high rates of subsequent diabetes and hypertension. A new generation of epidemiology studies using the evolving new technologies and genetics (host susceptibility studies) are needed to improve our understanding of the etiology of gestational diabetes and hypertension. Early identification of women at risk of gestational diabetes and hypertension, better treatment during pregnancy, and preventive and clinical therapies for treatment of diabetes and hypertension after pregnancy are very important for improving women's health and reducing risk of cardiovascular disease later in life.
Secular trends in pregnancy rates, delivery outcomes, and related health care utilization among women with congenital heart disease; Background The number of women with congenital heart disease (CHD) of reproductive age is increasing, yet a description of trends in pregnancy and delivery outcomes in this population is lacking. Objective To assess secular trends in pregnancy rates, delivery outcomes, and related health care utilization in the adult female CHD population in Quebec, Canada. Methods The Quebec CHD database was used to construct a cohort with all women with CHD aged 18-45 years between 1992 and 2004. Pregnancy and delivery rates were determined yearly and compared to the general population. Secular trends in pregnancy and delivery rates were assessed with linear regression. The cesarean delivery rate in the CHD population was compared to the general population. Predictors of cesarean section were determined with multivariable logistic regression. Cox regression, adjusted for comorbidities, was used to analyze the impact of cesarean sections on 1-year health care use following delivery. Results About 14 878 women were included. A total of 10 809 pregnancies were identified in 5641 women, of whom 4551 (80%) and 2528 (45%) experienced at least one delivery and/or abortion, respectively. Absolute yearly numbers and rates of pregnancies and deliveries increased during the study period (P < .05). The increment in cesarean section rates was more pronounced among women with CHD than among the general population. Gestational diabetes (OR 1.50, 95% CI [1.13, 1.99]), gestational hypertension (OR 1.81, 95% CI [1.27, 2.57]), and preeclampsia (OR 1.59, 95% CI [1.11, 2.8]) were independent predictors of cesarean delivery. Cesarean sections were associated with postpartum cardiac-hospitalization within 1 year following delivery (HR = 2.35, 95% CI [1.05, 5.28]). Conclusions Yearly numbers and rates of pregnancies and deliveries in adult females with CHD rose significantly during the study period. Cesarean sections led to increased health care utilization. Further research is required to determine causes of high cesarean section rates in this patient population.
Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease Novel and Traditional Risk Factors in Middle Eastern Young Women. The ANCORS-YW Study; Background: There is paucity of data on the prevalence of novel and traditional cardiovascular risk factors in young women with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) in the Middle East. We sought to evaluate clinical profiles and prevalence of novel and traditional risk factors in Middle Eastern young women with ASCVD compared with age-matched controls. Methods: Women 18-50 years of age who have ASCVD were enrolled and each was aged-matched with two women with no ASCVD. Prevalence of novel and traditional risk factors was compared in the two groups. Multivariable analyzes examined the independent association of 16 factors with ASCVD. Results: Of 627 young women enrolled mean age 44.1 +/- 5.2 years; 209 had ASCVD and 418 served as controls. Women with ASCVD had significantly higher prevalence of five of the studied traditional risk factors (hypertension, type 2 diabetes [T2D], smoking, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol serum levels, and family history of premature ASCVD [FHx]) than women with no ASCVD. Additionally, of the 11 novel and psychosocial risk factors studied, four showed significantly higher prevalence in young women with ASCVD (preterm delivery, hypertensive disease of pregnancy gestational diabetes, and low level of education). Multivariable analyzes showed hypertension, T2D, smoking, FHx, persistent weight gain after pregnancy and low level of education were independently associated with ASCVD. Conclusions: In this study of young Middle Eastern women; traditional risk factors as well as persistent weight gain after pregnancy were more prevalent in women with ASCVD compared with controls.
The Effects of Exercise Conditioning in Normal and Overweight Pregnant Women on Blood Pressure and Heart Rate Variability; Pre-pregnancy obesity is a risk factor for preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and hypertension. Regular exercise during pregnancy has been shown to decrease the risk of these obstetrical complications. The purpose of this prospective study was to measure the effects of an exercise program in normal-weight and overweight/obese pregnant women on blood pressure (BP) and cardiac autonomic function, determined by heart rate variability (HRV) and baroreflex sensitivity (BRS). Twenty-two sedentary pregnant women, recruited at 20 weeks gestational age (GA), were grouped as normal weight or overweight/obese. They were systematically assigned to an exercise (walking) group or control (nonwalking) group after the first participants were randomly assigned. Women in the walking groups participated in a 16-week, low-intensity walking program. BP, HRV, and BRS were measured at rest and during exercise at the beginning (20 weeks GA) and end (36 weeks GA) of the walking program. Results indicated that women in the control groups (especially overweight women) showed changes in BP, HRV, and BRS over pregnancy that were not seen in the walking group. Overweight women in the control group increased resting systolic BP by 10 mmHg and diastolic BP by 7 mmHg. HRV declined in the control group but not in the walking group. A reduction in BRS and R-R interval at rest was found in all groups except the walking normal-weight group. The results suggest that an exercise program could attenuate the increase in BP and the loss of parasympathetic tone associated with pregnancy, especially in overweight women.
Maternal Obesity as a Risk Factor for the Development of Total Anomalous Pulmonary Venous Connection in Their Offspring; The incidence of total anomalous pulmonary venous connection (TAPVC) in the Caucasian population is 2.5/100,000 live births (LB), and the incidence in the Hispanic population is 19.8/100,000 LB. Without knowing the exact etiology for the development of congenital heart disease, our objective was to determine the maternal factors associated with the development of TAPVC. Methods. 55 mother-child binomials with isolated TAPVC (group I) and 152 healthy mother-child binomials (group II) were included. Both groups had no maternal history of addiction, pre-eclampsia, or type 1, 2 or gestational diabetes mellitus. Complete clinical histories were obtained for the women in both groups and perinatal and birth data were recorded. In addition, genealogies across three generations were constructed to determine affected first- or second-degree relatives with complex congenital heart disease. Results. Among the maternal characteristics analyzed, women in group I had a higher number of pregnancies before gestation of the index case (p = < 0.05), and the Body Mass Index (BMI) before pregnancy was higher compared to Group II (p < 0.05), with an adjusted risk of OR = 3.6 (p = 0.011). The family history showed a higher prevalence in the group of patients with TAPVC compared to healthy children (p < 0.05). Conclusion. Maternal obesity before pregnancy is a risk factor for the development of CATVP in children in the Mexican population. (C) 2018 IMSS. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Intrapartum Fetal Heart Rate: A Possible Predictor of Neonatal Acidemia and APGAR Score; Background: Predicting perinatal outcomes based on patterns of fetal heart rate (FHR) remains a challenge. The aim of this study was to evaluate intrapartum FHR variability as predictor for neonatal acidemia and APGAR score. Methods: This was a retrospective observational study of 552 childbirths. Multivariable linear regression models were used to assess the association between FHR variability and each of the following outcomes: arterial cord blood pH and base deficit, Apgar 1, and 5 scores. Variables used for adjustment were maternal age, comorbidities (gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, maternal fever, and hypertension), parity, gravidity, uterine contractions, and newborn gestational age, and weight at birth. Results: The following factors were associated with an increased risk of metabolic acidosis and low Apgar scores at birth: increased mean and coefficient of variation (CV) of the FHR, type of delivery and decreased parity. Each 10-beat/min increase in the FHR was associated with an increase of 0.43 mEq/L in the base deficit, and a decrease of 0.01 in the pH, 0.2 in the Apgar 1, and 0.14 in the Apgar 5 scores. Each 10% increase in the CV of the FHR was associated with an increase of 4.05 mEq/L in the base deficit and a decrease of 0.13 in the pH, 1.31 in the Apgar 1, and 0.86 in the Apgar 5 scores. Conclusion: These data suggest the intrapartum FHR variability is physiologically relevant and can be used for predicting the acidemia and Apgar scores at birth of the newborn infants without severe cases of morbidity and from uncomplicated pregnancies.
Development of ALOHa-G Risk Score for Detecting Postpartum Dyslipidemia Among Normoglycemic Women with Previous Gestational Diabetes: Observational Cohort Study; IntroductionPrevious gestational diabetes (pGD) is associated with a high risk of postpartum dyslipidemia (pD). Our study was aimed at investigating the prevalence of pD and estimating the risk for pD based on metabolic pregnancy parameters in normoglycemic women with pGD.Methods147 women with pGD and normoglycemia after delivery were divided into groups: A (n = 63) with pD and B (n = 84) with normal lipids, defined by the National Cholesterol Education Program's Expert Panel on Detection, Evaluation, and Treatment of High Blood Cholesterol in Adults (Adult Treatment Panel III) Final Report (NCEP ATP III). We recorded age, body mass index (BMI) at conception, fasting glucose (FG), HbA1c, total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (Tg), low-density lipoprotein (LDL-c), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) measured mid-pregnancy and 1-6 months after delivery. GD was diagnosed by 2 h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) between the 24th and the 28th week of gestation, which was repeated after delivery to confirm normoglycemia.Results42.8% had pD (group A) while 57.2% had normal lipids (group B). Group A was older (36.8 +/- 2.7) than B (33.0 +/- 4.2 years, p < 0.001) and had a higher BMI (A 31.2 +/- 6.4 vs. B 25.5 +/- 2.4 kg/m(2), p < 0.001). Simultaneously, HbA1c and FG were higher in group A (5.4 +/- 0.3, 5.1 +/- 0.4) than B (5.2 +/- 0.0%, p = 0.001; 4.8 +/- 0.0 mmol/L, p < 0.001). Also, group A had higher TC, LDL-c, and Tg [6.6 (6.1-6.9); 4.2 +/- 0.4; 2.9 +/- 0.8] compared to B [6.2 (5.4-6.9), p < 0.001; 3.4 +/- 0.9, p = 0.001; 2.5 +/- 0.6, p < 0.001], while the two groups had comparable HDL-c (A: 1.2 +/- 0.3 vs. B: 1.2 +/- 0.2 mmol/L, p = 0.998). Calculating the cutoff for age, BMI, HbA1c, FG, LDL-c, and Tg (> 35 years, 26.4 kg/m(2), 5.2%, 4.8, 3.9 and 2.7 mmol/L, respectively), univariate regression analysis showed a difference for each (p < 0.001). Allocating 1 point to each predictor, we developed ALOHa G score, which showed high accuracy (AUC 0.931, p < 0.001) for risk of pD in normoglycemic women with pGD. According to the ALOHa-G score, more women in group A were at high risk (>= 4) and medium risk (= 3) (61.9; 34.9) for pD than in group B (4.8; 14.3), with a lower percentage at low risk for PD (<= 2) in group A than in group B (3.2 vs. 81.0%).ConclusionOur results implied a remarkable occurrence of pD in normoglycemic women with pGD. Also, the ALOHa-G score was developed based on pregnancy metabolic predictors and could be used to identify normoglycemic women with pGD who are at high risk for pD.
Higher Animal Protein Intake During the Second Trimester of Pregnancy Is Associated With Risk of GDM; Background and Aims: This study aimed to examine the associations between the total protein intake as well as types and sources of proteins with the gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk.Method and Results: This was a prospective cohort study of the pregnant women in Malaysia. In this study, the total, animal, and plant protein intakes were assessed using a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Of the 452 women, 48 (10.62%) were diagnosed with GDM. From pre-pregnancy to second trimester, most of the women had 10-20% of energy intake from protein (88.9-90.3%) and >= 75% of recommended protein intake (74.6-86.5%). The women in the highest tertile (T3) of total animal protein intake [adjusted odds ratio (AOR) = 2.76, 95% CI = 1.27-6.04] and red meat protein (AOR = 2.69, 95% CI = 1.27-5.70), specifically in the second trimester, had significantly higher GDM risk compared with the women in the middle tertile of intake (T2). Interestingly, the women in the T3 of egg protein in the second trimester were significantly at lower GDM risk (AOR = 0.43, 95% CI = 0.18-0.91) compared with those in T2.Conclusion: The highest tertile of animal protein (>= 42.15 g/day) intake, particularly red meat protein in the second trimester was positively associated with the GDM risk, whereas the highest tertile of egg protein was inversely associated with the GDM risk. Protein intake before or during early pregnancy was not associated with the GDM risk. These findings underscore the importance of sources and types of protein intake, particularly after the first trimester of pregnancy, in relation to GDM risk.
Molecular Analysis of a Genetic Variants Panel Related to Nutrients and Metabolism: Association with Susceptibility to Gestational Diabetes and Cardiometabolic Risk in Affected Women; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most frequent metabolic disorder in pregnancy. Women with a GDM history are at increased risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Studies have demonstrated a significant correlation between several genes involved in the metabolic pathway of insulin and environmental factors. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between clinical parameters in GDM and variants in genes involved with nutrients and metabolism. Several variants PPARG2 rs1801282 (C>G); PPARGC1A rs8192678 (C>T); TCF7L2 rs7903146 (C>T); LDLR rs2228671 (C>T); MTHFR rs1801133 (C>T); APOA5 rs662799 (T>C); GCKR rs1260326 (C>T); FTO rs9939609 (T>A); MC4R rs17782313 (T>C) were genotyped in 168 pregnant Caucasian women with or without GDM by High Resolution Melting (HRM) analysis. A significant correlation was observed between TT genotype of TCF7L2 gene and increased risk of GDM (OR 5.4 [95% CI 1.5-19.3]). Moreover, a significant correlation was observed between lipid parameters and genetic variations in additional genes, namely, PPARG2 [p = 0,02], APOA5 [p = 0,02], MC4R [p = 0,03], LDLR [p = 0,01], and FTO [p = 0,02]. Our findings support the association between TCF7L2 rs7903146 variant and an increased GDMrisk. Results about the investigated genetic variants provide important information about cardiometabolic risk in GDM and help to plan future prevention studies.
Metabolic disorders during pregnancy and postpartum cardiometabolic risk; Hormonal changes during pregnancy can trigger gestational diabetes (GDM), which is constantly increasing. Its main characteristic is pronounced insulin resistance, but it appears to be a multifactorial process involving several metabolic factors; taken together, the latter leads to silent or clinically evident cardiovascular (CV) events. Insulin resistance and central adiposity are of crucial importance in the development of metabolic syndrome, and they appear to correlate with CV risk factors, including hypertension and atherogenic dyslipidaemia. Hypertensive disease of pregnancy (HDP) is more likely to be an accompanying co-morbidity in pregnancies complicated with GDM. There is still inconsistent evidence as to whether or not co-existent GDM and HDP have a synergistic effects on postpartum risk of cardiometabolic disease; however, this synergism is becoming more accepted since both these conditions may promote endothelial inflammation and early atherosclerosis. Regardless of the presence or absence of the synergism between GDM and HDP, these conditions need to be dealt early enough, in order to reduce CV morbidity and to improve health outcomes for both women and their offspring.
Anesthetic management of vaginal delivery in a parturient with hemochromatosis induced end-organ failure; The vast majority of females affected by hemochromatosis are asymptomatic during childbearing years. We were able to provide effective obstetric anesthesia care to a 35-year-old woman with severe hemochromatosis. She had systolic heart failure with a left ventricular ejection fraction of 15%, severe pulmonary hypertension, mitral insufficiency, a history of ventricular tachycardia, cirrhosis, obstructive sleep apnea, gestational diabetes, and severe scoliosis. A multidisciplinary approach was used to stabilize her heart failure and prepare her for childbirth. An arterial line and epidural analgesic were placed before induction of labor. Vaginal delivery was accomplished with passive decent of the fetus and forceps assistance. We discuss hemochromatosis and its implications for the parturient. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Current and Potential Therapeutic Use of Metformin-The Good Old Drug; Metformin, one of the oldest oral antidiabetic agents and still recommended by almost all current guidelines as the first-line treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), has become the medication with steadily increasing potential therapeutic indications. A broad spectrum of experimental and clinical studies showed that metformin has a pleiotropic activity and favorable effect in different pathological conditions, including prediabetes, type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Moreover, there are numerous studies, meta-analyses and population studies indicating that metformin is safe and well tolerated and may be associated with cardioprotective and nephroprotective effect. Recently, it has also been reported in some studies, but not all, that metformin, besides improvement of glucose homeostasis, may possibly reduce the risk of cancer development, inhibit the incidence of neurodegenerative disease and prolong the lifespan. This paper presents some arguments supporting the initiation of metformin in patients with newly diagnosed T2DM, especially those without cardiovascular risk factors or without established cardiovascular disease or advanced kidney insufficiency at the time of new guidelines favoring new drugs with pleotropic effects complimentary to glucose control. Moreover, it focuses on the potential beneficial effects of metformin in patients with T2DM and coexisting chronic diseases.
Nutritional and developmental programming effects of insulin; The discovery of insulin in 1921 was a major breakthrough in medicine and for therapy in patients with diabetes. The dramatic rise in the prevalence of overweight and obesity has been tightly linked to an increased prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which poses major health concerns. Babies born to GDM mothers are more likely to develop obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. Evidence accumulated during the past two decades has revealed that high levels insulin, such as those observed during GDM, can have a widespread effect on the development and function of a variety of organs. This review summarises our current knowledge on the role of insulin in the placenta, cardiovascular system and brain during critical periods of development, as well as how it can contribute to lifelong metabolic regulation. We also discuss possible intervention strategies to ameliorate and hopefully reverse the developmental defects associated with obesity and GDM.
Incidence, Risk Factors, Management, and Outcomes of Stroke in Pregnancy; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the incidence of antenatal stroke in the United Kingdom and to describe risk factors associated with stroke during pregnancy, management, and outcomes. METHODS: A population-based (nationwide) cohort and nested case-control study was conducted using the UK Obstetric Surveillance System between October 2007 and March 2010. We investigated the potential factors associated with antenatal stroke using a logistic regression analysis to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). RESULTS: Thirty cases of antenatal stroke were reported giving an estimated incidence of 1.5 cases per 100,000 women delivering (95% CI 1.0-2.1). The incidences of nonhemorrhagic and hemorrhagic stroke were 0.9 (95% CI 0.5-1.3) and 0.6 (95% CI 0.3-1.0) per 100,000 women delivering. Factors associated with increased risk of antenatal stroke were history of migraine (adjusted OR 8.5, 95% CI 1.5-62.1), gestational diabetes (adjusted OR 26.8, 95% CI 3.2-infinity), and preeclampsia or eclampsia (adjusted OR 7.7, 95% CI 1.3-55.7). There was wide variation in the use of pharmacologic, surgical, and organized stroke unit care. There were six stroke-related maternal deaths giving a case-fatality rate of 20% of all strokes, 50% of hemorrhagic strokes, and a mortality rate of 0.3 (95% CI 0.1-0.6) per 100,000 women delivering. CONCLUSION: The risk of a stroke during pregnancy is low; however, the poor outcomes in terms of morbidity and mortality and variations in care highlight the importance of such women receiving specialist stroke care. Clinicians should be aware of an association with a history of migraine, gestational diabetes, and preeclampsia or eclampsia. (Obstet Gynecol 2012; 120:318-24) DOI:10.1097/AOG.0b013e31825f287c
The etiology of preeclampsia; Preeclampsia is one of the "great obstetrical syndromes" in which multiple and sometimes overlapping pathologic processes activate a common pathway consisting of endothelial cell activation, intravascular inflammation, and syncytiotrophoblast stress. This article reviews the potential etiologies of preeclampsia. The role of uteroplacental ischemia is well-established on the basis of a solid body of clinical and experimental evidence. A causal role for microorganisms has gained recognition through the realization that periodontal disease and maternal gut dysbiosis are linked to atherosclerosis, thus possibly to a subset of patients with preeclampsia. The recent reports indicating that SARS-CoV-2 infection might be causally linked to preeclampsia are reviewed along with the potential mechanisms involved. Particular etiologic factors, such as the breakdown of maternal-fetal immune tolerance (thought to account for the excess of preeclampsia in primipaternity and egg donation), may operate, in part, through uteroplacental ischemia, whereas other factors such as placental aging may operate largely through syncytiotrophoblast stress. This article also examines the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity with preeclampsia. The role of autoimmunity, fetal diseases, and endocrine disorders is discussed. A greater understanding of the etiologic factors of preeclampsia is essential to improve treatment and prevention.
Maternal high-fat diet impairs cardiac function in offspring of diabetic pregnancy through metabolic stress and mitochondrial dysfunction; Offspring of diabetic pregnancies are at risk of cardiovascular disease at birth and throughout life, purportedly through fuel-mediated influences on the developing heart. Preventative measures focus on glycemic control, but the contribution of additional offenders, including lipids, is not understood. Cellular bioenergetics can be influenced by both diabetes and hyperlipidemia and play a pivotal role in the pathophysiology of adult cardiovascular disease. This study investigated whether a maternal high-fat diet, independently or additively with diabetes, could impair fuel metabolism, mitochondrial function, and cardiac physiology in the developing offspring's heart. Sprague-Dawley rats fed a control or high-fat diet were administered placebo or streptozotocin to induce diabetes during pregnancy and then delivered offspring from four groups: control, diabetes exposed, diet exposed, and combination exposed. Cardiac function, cellular bioenergetics (mitochondrial stress test, glycolytic stress test, and palmitate oxidation assay), lipid peroxidation, mitochondrial histology, and copy number were determined. Diabetes-exposed offspring had impaired glycolytic and respiratory capacity and a reduced proton leak. High-fat diet-exposed offspring had increased mitochondrial copy number, increased lipid peroxidation, and evidence of mitochondrial dysfunction. Combination- exposed pups were most severely affected and demonstrated cardiac lipid droplet accumulation and diastolic/systolic cardiac dysfunction that mimics that of adult diabetic cardiomyopathy. This study is the first to demonstrate that a maternal high-fat diet impairs cardiac function in offspring of diabetic pregnancies through metabolic stress and serves as a critical step in understanding the role of cellular bioenergetics in developmentally programmed cardiac disease.
The Pregravid Vascular Risk Factor Profile of Low-Risk Women Who Develop Pregnancy Outcomes That Predict Future Cardiovascular Disease; Background: Women with a history of certain adverse outcomes in pregnancy (preterm birth, delivery of a small-for-gestational age [SGA] infant, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM]) have an elevated lifetime prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and cardiovascular disease, compared with their peers. However, it is not known if MetS precedes the index pregnancy in young, nulliparous women who experience these antepartum outcomes. Thus, we sought to evaluate the relationship between pregravid cardiovascular risk factor profile and these pregnancy outcomes in low-risk women. Methods: In this prospective preconception cohort study, 1183 newly married women underwent systematic assessment of cardiovascular risk factors (anthropometry, blood pressure, lipids, glucose) at median 24.7 weeks before pregnancy, whereupon they were followed for the outcomes of preterm birth, SGA delivery, preeclampsia, and GDM. Results: Women who had pregravid MetS (harmonized definition) (n=49) were more likely to have a Caesarean delivery than their peers (61.4% vs. 38.6%, p=0.003). However, they did not have a higher incidence of preterm delivery, SGA, preeclampsia, or GDM. Similarly, women who had at least one of these adverse pregnancy outcomes (n=141) did not have a higher prevalence of MetS or any of its component disorders before pregnancy. Indeed, before pregnancy, there were no significant differences between these women and their peers in waist circumference, body mass index, blood pressure, fasting glucose, triglycerides, low-density-lipoprotein, or high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol. Conclusions: The adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile that is seen in women with a history of preterm birth, SGA, preeclampsia, or GDM does not necessarily manifest before their pregnancy.
Inflammatory, metabolic, and endothelial biomarkers before and after pregnancy complications; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), and preterm birth (PTB) have excess cardiovascular disease compared with those with uncomplicated births, perhaps related to prepregnancy inflammation, dysmetabolism, or endothelial dysfunction. We included 1238 women in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults Study (1985-2011) with 2215 births classified according to outcomes (term, uncomplicated births were the referent). Using repeated measures analysis of variance, we estimated prepregnancy and postpregnancy biomarkers, as well as biomarker change according to pregnancy outcomes, adjusted for confounders. GDM and term HDP groups had higher prepregnancy high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) (+0.37 [95% CI, 0.08-0.65]; +0.29 [95% CI, 0.04-0.55] log mg/L), higher leptin (+0.29 [95% CI, 0.09-0.50]; +0.37 [95% CI, 0.17-0.56] log ng/ml), and lower adiponectin (-0.25 [95% CI, -0.36 to -0.13); -0.11 [95% CI, -0.22 to -0.01] log ng/ml) values than those with uncomplicated births, and these profiles persisted in magnitude postpregnancy. Controlling for body mass index attenuated most profiles, except that lower prepregnancy adiponectin remained associated with GDM. PTB without HDP or GDM was related to lower prepregnancy hsCRP and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (-0.31 [95% CI, -0.56 to -0.06] log mg/L; -0.05 [95% CI, -0.09 to -0.01] log ng/ml) and a larger leptin increase from before to after pregnancy (+0.20 [95% CI, 0.02-0.37] log ng/ml). Prepregnancy inflammation and metabolic dysfunction contributed to GDM and HDP, perhaps due to higher body mass index. PTB may be related to adverse metabolic changes postpregnancy, although the unexpected endothelial biomarker profile warrants further study.
Prevention of Type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes directed at the family context: a narrative review from the Danish Diabetes Academy symposium; In this review, we aim to summarize knowledge about gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) after delivery; with special focus on the potential of preventing Type 2 diabetes in a family context. The review expands on the key messages from a symposium held in Copenhagen in May 2017 and highlights avenues for future research. A narrative review of the symposium presentations and related literature is given. GDM is associated with increased short- and long-term adverse outcomes including Type 2 diabetes for both mother and offspring. Interestingly, GDM in mothers also predicts diabetes in the fathers. Thus, although GDM is diagnosed in pregnant women, the implications seem to affect the whole family. Structured lifestyle intervention can prevent or delay the onset of Type 2 diabetes. In this review, we show how numerous challenges are present in the target group, when such interventions are sought and implemented in real-world settings. Although interlinked and interacting, barriers to maintaining a healthy lifestyle post-partum can be grouped into those pertaining to diabetes beliefs, the family context and the healthcare system. Health literacy level and perceptions of health and disease risk may modify these barriers. There is a need to identify effective approaches to health promotion and health service delivery for women with prior GDM and their families. Future efforts may benefit from involving the target group in the development and execution of such initiatives as one way of ensuring that approaches are tailored to the needs of individual women and their families.
Heterogeneity of gestational diabetes (GDM) and challenges in developing a GDM risk score; AimsGestational diabetes (GDM) affects a growing number of women and identification of individuals at risk, e.g., with risk prediction models, would be important. However, the performance of GDM risk scores has not been optimal. Here, we assess the impact of GDM heterogeneity on the performance of two top-rated GDM risk scores.MethodsThis is a substudy of the RADIEL triala lifestyle intervention study including women at high GDM risk. We assessed the GDM risk score by Teede and that developed by Van Leeuwen in our high-risk cohort of 510 women. To investigate the heterogeneity of GDM, we further divided the women according to GDM history, BMI, and parity. With the goal of identifying novel predictors of GDM, we further analyzed 319 women with normal glucose tolerance in the first trimester.ResultsBoth risk scores underestimated GDM incidence in our high-risk cohort. Among women with a BMI30kg/m(2) and/or previous GDM, 49.4% developed GDM and 37.4% received the diagnosis already in the first trimester. Van Leeuwen score estimated a 19% probability of GDM and Teede succeeded in risk identification in 61%. The lowest performance of the risk scores was seen among the non-obese women. Fasting plasma glucose, HbA(1c), and family history of diabetes were predictors of GDM in the total study population. Analysis of subgroups did not provide any further information.ConclusionsOur findings suggest that the marked heterogeneity of GDM challenges the development of risk scores for detection of GDM.
The rubenesque pregnancy: A progression towards higher blood pressure correlates with a measure of endogenous and exogenous insulin levels; Women with gestational diabetes tend to progress to noninsulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) with a high cumulative incidence relative to the general population. These women have also been shown to be insulin resistant and may represent a variant of the insulin resistance syndrome or Syndrome X. Our previous studies indicated that administered insulin was associated with an increase in blood pressure in women with gestational diabetes, raising the question that insulin levels per se contribute to blood pressure in these women. We developed a means by which the insulin levels of a given pregnant individual might be estimated called the Fraction of Circulating Insulin Level Relative to Normal (FOCILRN = C-PEPTIDE/2.0 + TOTAL DAILY INSULIN DOSE/CALCULATED DAILY INSULIN REQUIREMENT BASED ON WEIGHT AND GESTATIONAL WEEK). The formula was applied to 15 nonhypertensive pregnant women of comparable obese phenotype (Rubenesque) with varying degrees of glucose tolerance (4 normal, 5 gestational diabetes treated with diet alone, 4 gestational diabetes treated with insulin, and 2 noninsulin-dependent diabetes). Blood pressure was quantified at the beginning of the study (gestational weeks 24-34) and again 4-8 weeks later using a 24-hr monitor. Correlation analysis was used to test for a relationship between the FOCILRN and blood pressure. The increase in mean arterial pressure was found to be continuous and linear with increasing insulin exposure as quantified by FOCILRN. The correlation was significant for all subjects (r = 0.961, p < 0.001) and remained significant even with removal of patients with NIDDM (r = 0.857, p < 0.001). The nighttime heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressures were found to be significantly correlated with FOCILRN (r = 0.651, p < 0.01, r = 0.724, p < 0.001, and r = 0.831, p < 0.001, respectively). The difference between the maximum and minimum diastolic blood pressure values between 12:00 AM and 6:00 AM between sessions 1 and 2 significantly differed among the groups with women on insulin having the highest FOCILRN having the least variation in blood pressure. In nonhypertensive women of obese phenotype (Rubenesque), increasing insulin exposure is associated with increasing mean arterial blood pressure and less variability of nocturnal blood pressure. These data provide support for the hypothesis that insulin may mediate blood pressure response in genetically vulnerable individuals. The identification of the Rubenesque phenotype during gestation may be a clinically useful marker for individuals at risk for Syndrome X.
Temporal Trends in Clinical Characteristics and Outcomes for Peripartum Cardiomyopathy: The Nationwide Multicenter Registry Over 20 Years; Background Although peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a fatal disease affecting young patients and fetuses, little is known about its recent prognosis and risk factors. This study investigated temporal trends in clinical characteristics and outcomes for PPCM in a nationwide multicenter registry. Methods and Results The study population comprised 340 patients (mean age, 33 years) who were diagnosed with PPCM between January 2000 and September 2022 in 26 tertiary hospitals in South Korea. PPCM was defined as heart failure with left ventricular ejection fraction <= 45% and no previously known cardiac disease. The main study outcomes included time to the first occurrence of all-cause death, heart transplantation, and cardiovascular hospitalization. The diagnosis of PPCM cases increased notably during the study period (P<0.001). However, clinical outcomes showed no significant improvement (all-cause death for 10 years: 0.9% [2000-2010] versus 2.3% [2011-2022], P=0.450; all-cause death and heart transplantation for 10 years: 3.6% [2000-2010] versus 3.0% [2011-2022] P=0.520; all-cause death, heart transplantation, and cardiovascular hospitalization for 10 years: 11.7% [2000-2010] versus 19.8% [2011-2022], P=0.240). High body mass index (hazard ratio [HR], 1.106 [95% CI, 1.024-1.196]; P=0.011), the presence of gestational diabetes (HR, 5.346 [95% CI, 1.778-16.07]; P=0.002), and increased baseline left ventricular end-diastolic dimension (HR, 1.078 [95% CI, 1.002-1.159]; P=0.044) were significant risk factors for poor prognosis. Conclusions While the incidence of PPCM has increased over the past 20 years, the prognosis has not improved significantly. Timely management and close follow-up are necessary for high-risk patients with PPCM with high body mass index, gestational diabetes, or large left ventricular end-diastolic dimension.
Erythropoietin and glucose homeostasis in women at varying degrees of future diabetic risk; Aims/Background: Recently, there has been considerable interest in the potential anti-diabetic effects of erythropoietin in animal models. It is not known, however, whether endogenous erythropoietin is associated with glucose regulation in humans. Methods: We evaluated the longitudinal relationship between endogenous erythropoietin at 3-months postpartum and glucose homeostasis at 12-months postpartum in a cohort of 229 women with varying degrees of glucose intolerance in their recent pregnancy, a model of the early natural history of pre-diabetes/diabetes. The women reflected the full spectrum of glucose tolerance in pregnancy from normal (n = 63) to mildly abnormal (n = 65) to gestational impaired glucose tolerance (n = 46) to gestational diabetes (n = 55), and hence a broad range of future diabetic risk. Results: At 3-months postpartum, there was no difference in serum erythropoietin between these 4 groups (p = 0.22). After covariate adjustment, erythropoietin was not associated with beta-cell function, insulin sensitivity, or glycemia at either 3- or 12-months postpartum. On multiple linear regression analyses, however, erythropoietin at 3-months emerged as an independent predictor of both systolic (beta = 0.51326, p = 0.003) and diastolic blood pressure (beta = 0.3321, p = 0.01) at 12-months. Conclusion: Endogenous erythropoietin is not associated with glucose homeostasis early in the natural history of metabolic disease, but may be relevant to vascular health. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Women's and healthcare providers' perceptions of long-term complications associated with hypertension and diabetes in pregnancy: a qualitative study; Objectives A diagnosis of hypertensive disorders during pregnancy (HDPs) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is highly predictive of women at increased risk of developing chronic hypertension, Type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. This study investigates perceptions of women and healthcare providers in rural India regarding these long-term risks. Design Qualitative study using modified grounded theory. Setting Two states in rural India: Haryana and Andhra Pradesh. Population Pregnant and postpartum women, community health workers (CHWs), primary care physicians, obstetricians, laboratory technicians, and healthcare officials. Methods In-depth interviews and focus group discussions explored: (1) priorities for high-risk pregnant women; (2) detection and management of HDPs and GDM; (3) postpartum management, and (4) knowledge of long-term sequelae of high-risk conditions. A thematic analysis was undertaken. Results Seven focus group discussions and 11 in-depth interviews (n = 71 participants) were performed. The key priority area for high-risk pregnant women was anaemia. Blood pressure measurement was routinely embedded in antenatal care; however, postpartum follow up and knowledge of the long-term complications were limited. GDM was not considered a common problem, although significant variations and challenges to GDM screening were identified. Knowledge of the long-term sequelae of GDM with regard to an increased risk of Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease among doctors was minimal. Conclusions There is a need for improved education, standardisation of testing and postpartum follow up of HDPs and GDM in rural Indian settings. Funding SN is supported by an MRC Clinical Research Training Fellowship (MR/R017182/1). The George Institute for Global Health Global Women's Health programme provided financial support for the research assistant and fieldwork costs in India. Tweetable abstract Improved education and postpartum care of women with hypertension and diabetes in pregnancy in rural India are needed to prevent long-term risks.
Long-term consequences for offspring of diabetes during pregnancy; There is evidence that the diabetic intra-uterine environment has consequences for later life. Maternal diabetes mainly results in asymmetric macrosomia. This macrosomia is associated with an increased insulin secretion and overstimulation of the insulin producing B-cells during fetal life. in later life, a reduced insulin secretion is found. Intra-uterine growth restriction is present in severe maternal diabetes associated with vasculopathy. Intra-uterine growth restriction is associated with low insulin secretion and reduced development of the insulin receptors. In later life, these alterations can induce insulin resistance. The long-term consequences of an abnormal intra-uterine environment are of primary importance world-wide. Concentrated efforts are needed to explore how these long-term effects can be prevented.
Trends in Gestational Diabetes at First Live Birth by Race and Ethnicity in the US, 2011-2019; Key PointsQuestionDid gestational diabetes rates change from 2011 to 2019 among individuals at first live birth in the US, and were there differences by race and ethnicity subgroups? FindingsIn this serial, population-based, cross-sectional study of 12610235 individuals at first live birth aged 15 to 44 years, the age-standardized gestational diabetes rate increased from 47.6 to 63.5 per 1000 live births from 2011 to 2019. Rates increased in all racial and ethnic subgroups; in 2019, Asian Indian individuals had the highest gestational diabetes rate (129.1 per 1000 live births). MeaningGestational diabetes rates among individuals with a singleton first live birth increased across all race and ethnicity subgroups in the US from 2011 to 2019. ImportanceGestational diabetes is associated with adverse maternal and offspring outcomes. ObjectiveTo determine whether rates of gestational diabetes among individuals at first live birth changed from 2011 to 2019 and how these rates differ by race and ethnicity in the US. Design, Setting, and ParticipantsSerial cross-sectional analysis using National Center for Health Statistics data for 12610235 individuals aged 15 to 44 years with singleton first live births from 2011 to 2019 in the US. ExposuresGestational diabetes data stratified by the following race and ethnicity groups: Hispanic/Latina (including Central and South American, Cuban, Mexican, and Puerto Rican); non-Hispanic Asian/Pacific Islander (including Asian Indian, Chinese, Filipina, Japanese, Korean, and Vietnamese); non-Hispanic Black; and non-Hispanic White. Main Outcomes and MeasuresThe primary outcomes were age-standardized rates of gestational diabetes (per 1000 live births) and respective mean annual percent change and rate ratios (RRs) of gestational diabetes in non-Hispanic Asian/Pacific Islander (overall and in subgroups), non-Hispanic Black, and Hispanic/Latina (overall and in subgroups) individuals relative to non-Hispanic White individuals (referent group). ResultsAmong the 12610235 included individuals (mean [SD] age, 26.3 [5.8] years), the overall age-standardized gestational diabetes rate significantly increased from 47.6 (95% CI, 47.1-48.0) to 63.5 (95% CI, 63.1-64.0) per 1000 live births from 2011 to 2019, a mean annual percent change of 3.7% (95% CI, 2.8%-4.6%) per year. Of the 12610235 participants, 21% were Hispanic/Latina (2019 gestational diabetes rate, 66.6 [95% CI, 65.6-67.7]; RR, 1.15 [95% CI, 1.13-1.18]), 8% were non-Hispanic Asian/Pacific Islander (2019 gestational diabetes rate, 102.7 [95% CI, 100.7-104.7]; RR, 1.78 [95% CI, 1.74-1.82]), 14% were non-Hispanic Black (2019 gestational diabetes rate, 55.7 [95% CI, 54.5-57.0]; RR, 0.97 [95% CI, 0.94-0.99]), and 56% were non-Hispanic White (2019 gestational diabetes rate, 57.7 [95% CI, 57.2-58.3]; referent group). Gestational diabetes rates were highest in Asian Indian participants (2019 gestational diabetes rate, 129.1 [95% CI, 100.7-104.7]; RR, 2.24 [95% CI, 2.15-2.33]). Among Hispanic/Latina participants, gestational diabetes rates were highest among Puerto Rican individuals (2019 gestational diabetes rate, 75.8 [95% CI, 71.8-79.9]; RR, 1.31 [95% CI, 1.24-1.39]). Gestational diabetes rates increased among all race and ethnicity subgroups and across all age groups. Conclusions and RelevanceAmong individuals with a singleton first live birth in the US from 2011 to 2019, rates of gestational diabetes increased across all racial and ethnic subgroups. Differences in absolute gestational diabetes rates were observed across race and ethnicity subgroups. This cross-sectional analysis uses data from the National Center for Health Statistics to quantify annual rates of gestational diabetes in individuals at first live birth among Hispanic/Latina, non-Hispanic Asian/Pacific Islander, non-Hispanic Black, and non-Hispanic White individuals in the US from 2011 to 2019.
A Pilot Randomized-Controlled Tria on the Effect of CPAP Treatment on Glycemic Control in Gestational Diabetes: Study Design and Methods; Background: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with adverse short- and long-term maternal and fetal outcomes. Observational data support a link between sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) during pregnancy and GDM. However, it is unknown whether treatment of SDB with continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) improves glucose control in this patient population. In addition, CPAP adherence and feasibility as a treatment option in pregnancy is unknown. This pilot randomized, controlled trial aims to primarily determine the feasibility of CPAP treatment in pregnant women with SDB and GDM. This study is also investigating the effect of SDB treatment on 24-h glucose profiles as an exploratory outcome. Objectives: To describe the study methodology in this ongoing study of pregnant women with GDM and SDB. Patients and Methods: Pregnant women with GDM and SDB defined by apnea-hypopnea index (AHI) >= 10 (Chicago Scoring Criteria) on level 2 polysomnography are randomized to either auto titrating CPAP (experimental group) or a nasal dilator strip (control group) until delivery. The primary outcome, objectively-assessed adherence to CPAP, is measured over the course of the treatment period using device-specific software. Recruitment and retention rates will be calculated to assess the feasibility for planning future trials. Twenty-four hour glucose profiles are measured over a 72-h period using the continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) system, before and after the intervention. Conclusion: The results of this study will be highly informative to determine whether CPAP is a feasible treatment for pregnant women with GDM and SDB, a specialized population at risk for substantial comorbidity. The trial results will ultimately be useful in planning future SDB treatment trials in pregnancy and GDM.
Apolipoprotein A-I Protects Against Pregnancy-Induced Insulin Resistance in Rats; Objective-Insulin resistance and inflammation in pregnancy are risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus. Increased plasma HDL (high-density lipoprotein) and apo (apolipoprotein) A-I levels have been reported to improve glucose metabolism and inhibit inflammation in animals and humans. This study asks whether increasing plasma apoA-I levels improves insulin sensitivity and reduces inflammation in insulin-resistant pregnant rats. Approach and Results-Insulin-resistant pregnant rats received intravenous infusions of lipid-free apoA-I (8 mg/kg) or saline on days 6, 9, 12, 15, and 18 of pregnancy. The rats were then subjected to a euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp. Glucose uptake was increased in white and brown adipose tissue by 57 +/- 13% and 32 +/- 10%, respectively (P<0.05 for both), and in quadriceps and gastrocnemius muscle by 35 +/- 9.7% and 47 +/- 14%, respectively (P<0.05 for both), in the apoA-I-treated pregnant rats relative to saline-infused pregnant rats. The pregnant rats that were treated with apoA-I also had reduced plasma TNF-alpha (tumor necrosis factor-a) levels by 57 +/- 8.4%,plasma IL (interleukin)-6 levels by 67 +/- 9.5%, and adipose tissue macrophage content by 54 +/- 8.2% (P<0.05 for all) relative to the saline-treated pregnant rats. Conclusions-These studies establish that apoA-I protects against pregnancy-induced insulin resistance in rats by increasing insulin sensitivity in adipose tissue and skeletal muscle and inhibiting inflammation. This identifies apoA-I as a potential target for preventing pregnancy-induced insulin resistance and reducing the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus. Visual Overview-An online visual overview is available for this article.
Cardiovascular outcomes 50 years after antenatal exposure to betamethasone: Follow-up of a randomised double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background Antenatal corticosteroids for women at risk of preterm birth reduce neonatal morbidity and mortality, but there is limited evidence regarding their effects on long-term health. This study assessed cardiovascular outcomes at 50 years after antenatal exposure to corticosteroids. Methods and findings We assessed the adult offspring of women who participated in the first randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of antenatal betamethasone for the prevention of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) (1969 to 1974). The first 717 mothers received 2 intramuscular injections of 12 mg betamethasone or placebo 24 h apart and the subsequent 398 received 2 injections of 24 mg betamethasone or equivalent volume of placebo. Follow-up included a health questionnaire and consent to access administrative data sources. The co-primary outcomes were the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors (any of hypertension, hyperlipidaemia, diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus, or prediabetes) and age at first major adverse cardiovascular event (MACE) (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, coronary revascularisation, stroke, admission for peripheral vascular disease, and admission for heart failure). Analyses were adjusted for gestational age at entry, sex, and clustering. Of 1,218 infants born to 1,115 mothers, we followed up 424 (46% of survivors; 212 [50%] female) at mean (standard deviation) age 49.3 (1.0) years. There were no differences between those exposed to betamethasone or placebo for cardiovascular risk factors (159/229 [69.4%] versus 131/195 [67.2%]; adjusted relative risk 1.02, 95% confidence interval [CI] [0.89, 1.18;]; p = 0.735) or age at first MACE (adjusted hazard ratio 0.58, 95% CI [0.23, 1.49]; p = 0.261). There were also no differences in the components of these composite outcomes or in any of the other secondary outcomes. Key limitations were follow-up rate and lack of in-person assessments. Conclusions There is no evidence that antenatal corticosteroids increase the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors or incidence of cardiovascular events up to 50 years of age. Established benefits of antenatal corticosteroids are not outweighed by an increase in adult cardiovascular disease.
Exposure to Maternal Diabetes during Pregnancy Is Associated with Aggravated Short- Term Neonatal and Neurological Outcomes following Perinatal Hypoxic-Ischemic Encephalopathy; Objective Infants of diabeticmothers (IDM) are at higher risk of perinatalmorbidities and glycemic instability, but the impact of maternal diabetes on neonatal and neurological short- termoutcomes of neonates with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy ( HIE) remains poorly described. Our objective was to determine the impact ofmaternal diabetes on neonatal and neurological short- term outcomes following neonatal HIE. Study Design This was a retrospective single-center study including 102 term neonates with HIE who received therapeutic hypothermia (TH) treatment between 2013 and 2020. Multiple regression analysis was used to assess the relationship between the presence of maternal diabetes and short-term outcomes. Results Neonates with HIE and maternal diabetes exposure had a significantly lower gestational age at birth (38.6 vs. 39.7 weeks of gestation, p = 0.005) and a significantly higher mean birth weight (3,588 +/- 752 vs. 3,214 +/- 514 g, p = 0.012). IDM with HIE were ventilated for longer duration (8 vs. 4 days, p = 0.0047) and had a longer neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) stay (18 vs. 11 days, p = 0.0483) as well as took longer time to reach full oral feed (15 vs. 7 days, p = 0.0432) compared with neonates of nondiabetic mother. Maternal diabetes was also associated with an increased risk of death or abnormal neurological examination at discharge in neonates with HIE (odds ratio: 6.41 [ .54-26.32]). Conclusion In neonates with HIE, maternal diabetes is associated with an increased risk of death or short-term neonatalmorbidities, such as longer duration of ventilation, prolonged neonatal stay, greater need for tube feeding, and being discharged with an abnormal neurological examination. Strategies to prevent, reduce, or better control maternal diabetes during pregnancy should be prioritized to minimize complications after perinatal asphyxia.
Hypertensive disorders first identified in pregnancy increase risk for incident prehypertension and hypertension in the year after delivery; Background:Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, including preeclampsia/eclampsia (PE/E) are associated with long-term cardiovascular disease risk. However, little is known about the effect of these conditions on risk for prehypertension (preHTN) or hypertension (HTN) in the early years after delivery.Methods:The cohort consisted of women who had prenatal care and delivered a live singleton neonate at Kaiser Permanente Bellflower Medical Center in 2005-2010. Women with prepregnancy HTN or preHTN were excluded from analysis. Multivariable robust Poisson regression models were used to assess associations between any hypertensive disorder or PE/E and development of preHTN/HTN in the year after delivery, adjusted for maternal age, race/ethnicity, parity, smoking, prepregnancy weight status, gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes, and gestational age.Results:Among 5960 women who were normotensive prior to pregnancy, 358 (6.0%) developed a hypertensive disorder in pregnancy, of whom 215 (60.1%) had PE/E. Overall, 63 (1.1%) developed HTN and 902 (15.1%) preHTN in the year after delivery. After accounting for all potential confounders, women with a hypertensive disorder in pregnancy and those with PE/E were 2.36 (95% confidence interval: 1.97-2.83) and 2.48 (95% confidence interval: 1.99-3.11) times as likely, respectively, to develop preHTN/HTN in the year after delivery as those without pregnancy-related HTN. Results were similar with and without adjustment for gestational diabetes.Conclusion:Our findings highlight the need for prospective studies aimed at determining whether early postpartum screening and improved follow-up of women with hypertensive disorders first identified in pregnancy may prevent future cardiovascular disease.
Assessing Cardiac Functions in Large for Gestational Age Infants using Tissue Doppler Imaging; Objective: To assess cardiac functions of large for gestational age (LGA) infants with no maternal gestational diabetes mellitus using tissue Doppler imaging (TDI). Methods: LGA infants of nondiabetic mothers and appropriate for gestational age (AGA) infants were included in this study. Conventional echocardiography and tissue Doppler echocardiography were performed in all patients. Results Totally 78 neonates, of these, 37 term LGA infants were in study group and 41 gestational-age matched AGA infants constituted the control group. The mean birth weight of LGA infants was 4175 +/- 249.4 g; AGA infants was 3317 +/- 183.9 g (p <0.001). Among left and right ventricle tissue Doppler parameters; Left ventricular Am velocity was significantly higher and Em/Am ratio was lower in LGA infants and right ventricular Em/Am ratio and Em velocity was significantly lower in LGA infants compared to control group. Among tissue Doppler myocardial performance index parameters, LGA infants had significantly higher values than controls regarding left ventricular (p<.001), and right ventricular (p<.001) myocardial performance indices. Conclusion The results of our study suggest that term LGA infants may have a predisposition for cardiac structural changes and diastolic dysfunction. TDI is a feasible technique in neonates that provides direct information on the myocardium, allowing analysis of both systolic and diastolic functions in one waveform. The addition of TDI to standard neonatal echocardiography may provide additional information on cardiac functions of LGA infants
Down-regulation of the insulin signaling pathway by SHC may correlate with congenital heart disease in Chinese populations; Background/Aims: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is one of the most common and severe congenital defects. The incidence of fetal cardiac malformation is increased in the context of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Therefore, we wanted to determine whether abnormalities in the insulin signaling pathway are associated with the occurrence of nonsyndromic CHD (ns-CHD). Methods: We used digital gene expression profiling (DGE) of right atrial myocardial tissue samples from eight ns-CHD patients and four controls. The genes potentially associated with CHD were validated by real-time fluorescence quantitative PCR analysis of right atrial myocardial tissues from 37 patients and 10 controls and the H9C2 cell line. Results: The results showed that the insulin signaling pathway, which is mediated by the SHC gene family, was inhibited in the ns-CHD patients. The expression levels of five genes (PTPRF, SHC4, MAP2K2, MKNK2, and ELK1) in the pathway were significantly down-regulated in the patients' atrial tissues (P<0.05 for all). In vitro, the H9C2 cells cultured in high glucose (33 mmol/l) expressed less SHC4, MAP2K2, and Elk-1 than those cultured in low glucose (25 mmol/l). Furthermore, the high glucose concentration down-regulated the 25 genes associated with blood vessel development based on Gene Ontology (GO) term enrichment analyses of RNA-seq data. Conclusion: We considered that changes in the insulin signaling pathway mediated by SHC might be involved in the heart development process. This mechanism might account for the increase in the incidence of fetal cardiac malformations in the context of GDM.
A mouse model of gestational diabetes shows dysregulated lipid metabolism post-weaning, after return to euglycaemia; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease for the mother in the decade after delivery. However, the molecular mechanisms that drive these effects are unknown. Recent studies in humans have shown that lipid metabolism is dysregulated before diagnosis of and during gestational diabetes and we have shown previously that lipid metabolism is also altered in obese female mice before, during and after pregnancy. These observations led us to the hypothesis that this persistent dysregulation reflects an altered control of lipid distribution throughout the organism. METHODS: We tested this in post-weaning (PW) dams using our established mouse model of obese GDM (high fat, high sugar, obesogenic diet) and an updated purpose-built computational tool for plotting the distribution of lipid variables throughout the maternal system (Lipid Traffic Analysis v2.3). RESULTS: This network analysis showed that unlike hyperglycaemia, lipid distribution and traffic do not return to normal after pregnancy in obese mouse dams. A greater range of phosphatidylcholines was found throughout the lean compared to obese post-weaning dams. A range of triglycerides that were found in the hearts of lean post-weaning dams were only found in the livers of obese post-weaning dams and the abundance of odd-chain FA-containing lipids differed locally in the two groups. We have therefore shown that the control of lipid distribution changed for several metabolic pathways, with evidence for changes to the regulation of phospholipid biosynthesis and FA distribution, in a number of tissues. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that the control of lipid metabolism is altered following an obese pregnancy. These results support the hypothesis that obese dams that developed GDM maintain dysregulated lipid metabolism after pregnancy even when glycaemia returned to normal, and that these alterations could contribute to the increased risk of later type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Use of Glucose, Glutamine, and Fatty Acids for Trophoblast Respiration in Lean Women, Women With Obesity, and Women With Gestational Diabetes; Objective: Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with adverse outcomes, particularly with a male fetus. The composition and amount of substrate supplied to the placenta are altered in these conditions. We hypothesized that there are sexually dimorphic differences in utilization of glucose, fatty acids, and glutamine between trophoblast of lean women, women with obesity, and women with GDM. Design: Trophoblasts were isolated from term male or female placentas from lean women, women with obesity, or women with GDM (n = 4 to 6 per group), and syncytiotrophoblast formed during 72 hours before measuring mitochondrial respiration by a fuel flex assay (Seahorse XF96 analyzer). Dependency, capacity, and flexibility for use of glucose, glutamine, and fatty acids were measured with western blot of glucose transporter GLUT1, glutaminase, and carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1A. Results: Sexual dimorphism in syncytiotrophoblast fuel utilization was seen in women with GDM vs lean women with a significant increase in glucose dependency in males and glucose capacity in females, whereas for glutamine, capacity was significantly decreased in males and females but dependency significantly decreased only in females. Fatty acid dependency and capacity significantly increased in male trophoblast and capacity in female trophoblast of women with GDM vs either lean women or women with obesity. In male but not female trophoblast, flexibility to use all three fuels significantly decreased from lean women to women with obesity and women with GDM. In male trophoblast there were significant associations between GLUT1 and glucose dependency (positive) and flexibility (negative). Conclusions: Human syncytiotrophoblast utilizes glutamine for mitochondria! respiration. Utilization of glucose, fatty acids, and glutamine changes in a sexually dimorphic manner with obesity and GDM, predominantly with a male placenta.
Left ventricular diastolic function in the fifth decade of life in women with a history of spontaneous preterm birth; Objective: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the number one cause of death in women and defining its risk factors is necessary to reduce its prevalence. A history of preeclampsia is shown to be associated with hypertension and alterations in left ventricular (LV) diastolic function parameters. Because of overlapping mechanisms between preeclampsia and spontaneous preterm birth (SPTB), our most recent study investigated the association between SPTB and hypertension, and found an almost 2 times higher prevalence of hypertension after SPTB. No previous studies have focused on the association between SPTB and LV diastolic function. The aim of this study is to investigate LV diastolic function as potential early parameter of CVD in women with a history of SPTB.Study design: We included cases with a history of SPTB between 22 and 37 weeks and controls who had a term birth. Women with hypertensive disorders or gestational diabetes in any of their pregnancies, were excluded. Both groups underwent cardiovascular risk assessment and transthoracic echocardiography 9 to 16 years after pregnancy. Echocardiographic measures were adjusted using a linear regression analysis accounting for hyper-tension and other risk factors known to be associated with CVD. A subgroup analysis was performed based on hypertension at follow-up.Results: A total of 94 cases and 94 controls were included, on average 13 years after pregnancy. There were no significant differences in LV diastolic function parameters. Women with a history of SPTB and diagnosed hy-pertension at follow-up, showed significant higher late diastolic mitral flow velocity, lower e'septal velocity and higher E/e'ratio, compared to women with a history of SPTB without hypertension, although within normal ranges. Conclusions: When a history of SPTB is accompanied by hypertension at follow-up, significant changes in LV diastolic function were seen. Therefore, hypertension is the central factor in preventive screening methods, and transthoracic echocardiography has no additional value at this follow-up duration.
The Association between Maternal Height, Body Mass Index, and Perinatal Outcomes; Objective To test the hypothesis that maternal height is associated with adverse perinatal outcomes, controlling for and stratified by maternal body mass index (BMI). Study Design This was a retrospective cohort study of all births in California between 2007 and 2010 ( n =1,775,984). Maternal height was categorized into quintiles, with lowest quintile (20%) representing shorter stature and the uppermost quintile (80%) representing taller stature. Outcomes included gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, cesarean, preterm birth (PTB), macrosomia, and low birth weight (LBW). We calculated height/outcome associations among BMI categories, and BMI/outcome associations among height categories, using various multivariable logistic regression models. Results Taller women were less likely to have GDM, nulliparous cesarean, PTB, and LBW; these associations were similar across maternal BMI categories and persisted after multivariable adjustment. In contrast, when stratified by maternal height, the associations between maternal BMI and birth outcomes varied by specific outcomes, for example, the association between morbid obesity (compared with normal or overweight) and the risk of GDM was weaker among shorter women (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 95% confidence interval [CI]: 3.48, 3.28-3.69) than taller women (aOR, 95% CI: 4.42, 4.19-4.66). Conclusion Maternal height is strongly associated with altered perinatal risk even after accounting for variations in complications by BMI.
Does treatment modality affect measures of arterial stiffness in women with gestational diabetes?; Objective To investigate whether arterial stiffness (AS) differs between healthy women and women with gestational diabetesmellitus (GDM) managed by different treatment modalities. Methods This was a prospective longitudinal cohort study comparing AS in pregnancies complicated by GDM and low-risk controls. AS was assessed by recording aortic pulse-wave velocity (AoPWV), brachial augmentation index (BrAIx) and aortic augmentation index (AoAIx) using the Arteriograph((R)) at four gestational-age windows: 24+ 0 to 27+ 6weeks (W1); 28+ 0 to 31+ 6weeks (W2); 32+ 0 to 35+ 6weeks (W3) and >= 36+ 0weeks (W4). Women withGDMwere considered both as a single group and as subgroups stratified by treatment modality. Data were analyzed using a linear mixed model on each AS variable (log-transformed) with group, gestational-age window, maternal age, ethnicity, parity, body mass index, mean arterial pressure and heart rate as fixed effects and individual as a random effect. We compared the group means including relevant contrasts and adjusted the P-values using Bonferroni correction. Results The study population comprised 155 low-risk controls and 127 women with GDM, of whom 59 were treated with dietary intervention, 47 were treated with metformin only and 21 were treated with metformin+ insulin. The two-way interaction term of study group and gestational age was significant for BrAIx and AoAIx ( P< 0.001), but there was no evidence that mean AoPWV was different between the study groups (P= 0.729). Women in the control group demonstrated significantly lower BrAIx and AoAIx compared with the combined GDM group at W1- W3, but not at W4. The mean difference in log-transformed BrAIx was - 0.37 (95% CI, - 0.52 to - 0.22), - 0.23 (95% CI, - 0.35 to -0.12) and - 0.29 (95% CI, - 0.40 to - 0.18) at W1, W2 and W3, respectively. The mean difference in log-transformed AoAIx was - 0.49 (95% CI, - 0.69 to - 0.30), - 0.32 (95% CI, - 0.47 to - 0.18) and - 0.38 (95% CI - 0.52 to - 0.24) at W1, W2 and W3, respectively. Similarly, women in the control group also demonstrated significantly lower BrAIx and AoAIx compared with each of the GDM treatment subgroups (diet, metformin only and metformin+ insulin) at W1- W3. The increase in mean BrAIx and AoAIx seen between W2 and W3 in women with GDM treated with dietary management was attenuated in the metformin-only and metformin+ insulin groups. However, the mean differences in BrAIx and AoAIx between these treatment groups were not statistically significant at any gestational-age window. Conclusions Pregnancies complicated by GDM demonstrate significantly higher AS compared with low-risk pregnancies regardless of treatment modality. Our data provide the basis for further investigation into the association of metformin therapy with changes in AS and risk of placenta-mediated diseases. (c) 2023 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Effects of a partially home-based exercise program for women with gestational diabetes; Objective: To examine the effectiveness of a partially home-based, moderate-intensity aerobic exercise program for women with gestational diabetes. Methods: This was a randomized experimental design. Thirty-three women with gestational diabetes were randomly assigned to the exercise or the no-exercise group. Subjects underwent hemoglobin A(1)C assay and submaximal cycle ergometer fitness tests at baseline and at study conclusion. Subjects kept diaries of home fasting and 2-hour postprandial blood glucose determinations. Exercise subjects were asked to exercise for 30 minutes three to four times weekly at 70% of estimated maximal heart rate for the weeks of study participation. Two exercise sessions weekly were supervised by the investigator, and two were unsupervised at home. Control-group subjects were asked to maintain their current activity level. Results: Daily fasting and postprandial blood glucose levels, hemoglobin A(1)C, incidence of exogenous insulin therapy, and incidence of newborn hypoglycemia were not different between the groups. There was a training effect in the exercise group (P = .005) but not in the control group (P = .25). A significant decline in daily grams of carbohydrate consumed was observed in the control group (P = .03), but not in the exercise group (P = .97). No complications were found in the subjects who exercised. Conclusions: A partially home-based exercise program did not reduce blood glucose levels, but did result in a modest increase in cardiorespiratory fitness. The intervention appeared safe. (Copyright (C) 1997 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.)
Insulin signalling and resistance in patients with chronic heart failure; We investigated whether insulin resistance in patients with chronic heart failure (CHF) is associated with impaired insulin signalling in skeletal muscle and whether exercise training would lead to an improvement in insulin signalling, concomitant with enhanced insulin action. Fourteen men with CHF due to idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy, with mild-to-moderate limitation of physical activity and a left-ventricular ejection fraction of less than 45 %, were studied before and after either a 5 month exercise training programme (n = 7) or standard care (n = 7). Seven healthy men participated as controls. Whole-body insulin-stimulated glucose uptake was determined by the euglycaemic hyperinsulinaemic clamp technique and skeletal muscle biopsy samples were obtained before and after the insulin infusion for insulin signalling measurements. Insulin-stimulated glucose uptake was 20 % lower in CHF patients versus healthy subjects. Physiological hyperinsulinaemia increased tyrosine phosphorylation of insulin receptor substrate (IRS)-1 by similar to2.5-fold, IRS-1-associated phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI-3-kinase) activity by similar to2-fold and Akt (protein kinase B) phosphorylation by similar to3-fold, with similar responses between healthy subjects and CHF patients. Insulin-mediated glucose uptake was not altered in patients after standard care, whereas exercise training elicited a 25 % increase in glucose uptake. Neither standard care nor exercise training altered insulin-stimulated tyrosine phosphorylation of IRS-1, IRS-1-associated PI-3-kinase activity or Akt phosphorylation. In conclusion, the CHF patients demonstrated impaired insulin-stimulated glucose uptake, despite normal signal transduction in skeletal muscle at the level of IRS-1, PI-3-kinase and Akt. Of clinical relevance is the finding that exercise training improves glucose uptake. However, these changes in insulin action after exercise training appear to be independent of enhanced insulin signalling at the level of IRS-1, PI-3-kinase or Akt.
Influence of hyperglycemia during and after pregnancy on postpartum vascular function; Davenport MH, Goswami R, Shoemaker JK, Mottola MF. Influence of hyperglycemia during and after pregnancy on postpartum vascular function. Am J Physiol Regul Integr Comp Physiol 302: R768-R775, 2012. First published January 25, 2012; doi:10.1152/ajpregu.00115.2011.-Endothelial dysfunction is commonly observed in women with a previous diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Whether arterial stiffness is also related to pregnancy and/or postpartum glucose intolerance has not been determined. We examined the influence of GDM during pregnancy and hyperglycemia in the postpartum period on arterial function. Thirty postpartum women were stratified into one of three groups: 1) normoglycemic pregnancy, normoglycemic postpartum (NORM), 2) GDM during pregnancy, normoglycemic postpartum (GDM-N); and 3) GDM during pregnancy, hyperglycemic postpartum (GDM-H). Ten never-pregnant controls were also recruited (Control). All measures were made at 2 mo postpartum or in the early follicular phase in Control women. Arterial stiffness was assessed by pulse wave velocity (PWV) and brachial and carotid artery distensibility. Endothelial function was determined by flow-mediated dilation (FMD). PWV was not different between the four groups. Distensibility of the brachial and carotid arteries was lower in GDM-N women (brachial: 1.1 X 10(-3) mmHg(-1) +/- 3.6 X 10(-4); carotid: 2.0 X 10(-3) +/- 3.3 X 10(-4)) and GDM-H (brachial: 1.4 X 10(-3) mmHg(-1) +/- 4.1 X 10(-4); carotid: 1.8 X 10(-3) mmHg(-3) +/- 5.0 X 10(-4)) compared with NORM women (brachial: 3.4 X 10(-3) mmHg(-1) +/- 7.0 X 10(-4); carotid: 3.9 X 10(-3) +/- 7.4 X 10(-4)). However, only brachial artery distensibility returned to Control levels by 2 mo postpartum in the NORM women. FMD was lower in previously GDM women (GDM-N: 4.1% +/- 2.3; GDM-H: 4.4% +/- 0.9) compared with NORM women (10.8% +/- 1.3; P < 0.01). These findings suggest that the vascular function of women in the early postpartum period is influenced by GDM during pregnancy and the persistence of clinical and/or subclinical hyperglycemia after delivery.
Women's Reproductive Milestones and Cardiovascular Disease Risk: A Review of Reports and Opportunities From the CARDIA Study; In 1985 to 1986, the CARDIA (Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults) study enrolled 5115 Black or White participants, including 2788 women, aged 18 to 30 years. Over the following 35 years, the CARDIA study amassed extensive longitudinal data on women's reproductive milestones, spanning menarche to menopause. Although not initially conceived as a study of women's health, >75 CARDIA study publications address relationships between reproductive factors and events with cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors, subclinical and clinical cardiovascular disease, and social determinants of health. The CARDIA study was one of the earliest population-based reports to note Black-White differences in age at menarche and associations with cardiovascular risk factors. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, particularly gestational diabetes and preterm birth, have been assessed along with postpartum behaviors, such as lactation. Existing studies have examined risk factors for adverse pregnancy outcomes and lactation, as well as their relationship to future cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors, diagnoses, and subclinical atherosclerosis. Ancillary studies examining components of polycystic ovary syndrome and ovarian biomarkers, such as anti-Mullerian hormone, have facilitated examination of reproductive health in a population-based cohort of young adult women. As the cohort transitioned through menopause, examination of the importance of premenopausal cardiovascular risk factors along with menopause has improved our understanding of shared mechanisms. The cohort is now aged in the 50s to mid-60s, and women will begin to experience a greater number of cardiovascular events as well as other conditions, such as cognitive impairment. Thus, in the next decade, the CARDIA study will provide a unique resource for understanding how the women's reproductive life course epidemiology informs cardiovascular risk, as well as reproductive and chronological aging.
First-trimester predictive models for adverse pregnancy outcomes-a base for implementation of strategies to prevent cardiovascular disease development; Introduction This study aimed to establish efficient, cost-effective, and early predictive models for adverse pregnancy outcomes based on the combinations of a minimum number of miRNA biomarkers, whose altered expression was observed in specific pregnancy-related complications and selected maternal clinical characteristics.Methods This retrospective study included singleton pregnancies with gestational hypertension (GH, n = 83), preeclampsia (PE, n = 66), HELLP syndrome (n = 14), fetal growth restriction (FGR, n = 82), small for gestational age (SGA, n = 37), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM, n = 121), preterm birth in the absence of other complications (n = 106), late miscarriage (n = 34), stillbirth (n = 24), and 80 normal term pregnancies. MiRNA gene expression profiling was performed on the whole peripheral venous blood samples collected between 10 and 13 weeks of gestation using real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR).Results Most pregnancies with adverse outcomes were identified using the proposed approach (the combinations of selected miRNAs and appropriate maternal clinical characteristics) (GH, 69.88%; PE, 83.33%; HELLP, 92.86%; FGR, 73.17%; SGA, 81.08%; GDM on therapy, 89.47%; and late miscarriage, 84.85%). In the case of stillbirth, no addition of maternal clinical characteristics to the predictive model was necessary because a high detection rate was achieved by a combination of miRNA biomarkers only [91.67% cases at 10.0% false positive rate (FPR)].Conclusion The proposed models based on the combinations of selected cardiovascular disease-associated miRNAs and maternal clinical variables have a high predictive potential for identifying women at increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes; this can be incorporated into routine first-trimester screening programs. Preventive programs can be initiated based on these models to lower cardiovascular risk and prevent the development of metabolic/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases because timely implementation of beneficial lifestyle strategies may reverse the dysregulation of miRNAs maintaining and controlling the cardiovascular system.
Impact of Exosomes on the Pathogenesis of Diabetes and Its Complications; Diabetes mellitus (DM) encompasses a range of metabolic disorders characterized by chronic hyperglycemia, including type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The pathophysiology of DM is intricate, exhibiting variations across its different types, involving factors such as autoimmunity, insulin resistance, and beta-cell dysfunction. Prolonged hyperglycemia in DM leads to microvascular and macrovascular complications, driven by various pathophysiological processes such as inflammation, coagulation, oxidative stress, and endothelial dysfunction. Exosomes, a specific type of extracellular vesicles (EVs), are recognized contributors to the aforementioned pathological processes and are thus implicated in the pathogenesis of diabetes and its associated complications. This work begins with summarizing the key characteristics, biogenesis, composition, and essential physiological and pathological functions of exosomes. It then focuses on collating and analyzing the most recent data on the pathogenic roles of exosomes in T1DM, T2DM, GDM, and diabetes-associated complications, such as diabetic retinopathy, nephropathy, neuropathy, and cardiomyopathy.
Muscle sympathetic nerve activity during pregnancy: A systematic review and meta-analysis; We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to quantify the impact of healthy and complex pregnancy on muscle sympathetic nerve activity (MSNA) at rest, and in response to stress. Structured searches of electronic databases were performed until February 23, 2022. All study designs (except reviews) were included: population (pregnant individuals); exposures (healthy and complicated pregnancy with direct measures of MSNA); comparator (individuals who were not pregnant, or with uncomplicated pregnancy); and outcomes (MSNA, BP, and heart rate). Twenty-seven studies (N = 807) were included. MSNA burst frequency was higher in pregnancy (n = 201) versus non-pregnant controls (n = 194) (Mean Differences [MD], MD: 10.6 bursts/min; 95% CI: 7.2, 14.0; I-2 = 72%). Accounting for the normative increase in heart rate with gestation, burst incidence was also higher during pregnancy (Pregnant N = 189, non-pregnant N = 173; MD: 11 bpm; 95% CI: 8, 13 bpm; I-2 = 47%; p < 0.0001). Meta-regression analyses confirmed that although sympathetic burst frequency and incidence are augmented during pregnancy, this was not significantly associated with gestational age. Compared to uncomplicated pregnancy, individuals with obesity, obstructive sleep apnea, and gestational hypertension exhibited sympathetic hyperactivity, while individuals with gestational diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia did not. Uncomplicated pregnancies exhibited a lesser response to head-up tilt, but an exaggerated sympathetic responsiveness to cold pressor stress compared to non-pregnant individuals. MSNA is higher in pregnant individuals and further increased with some, but not all pregnancy complications. PROSPERO registration number: CRD42022311590.
A distinctive fatty acid profile in circulating lipids of Korean gestational diabetics: A pilot study; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a transient metabolic disorder that is a strong predictor of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Previously, GDM was associated with reduced red cell long-chain omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids in population (British) with high intake of total and saturated fat. The aim of the study was to examine blood fatty acids status of GDM patients (n = 12) and normoglycaemic women (control, n = 12) from South Korea where typical diet retains high omega-3 fat with low total fat intake. Subjects were matched for BMI and gestation week. Blood obtained at delivery were analyzed for plasma triacylglycerols (TG), phosphatidylcholine (PC), sphingomyelin (SM), and red cell PC, phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) and SM fatty acids. GDM patients had lower total saturated fatty acids (SFA) in the plasma TG (p < 0.05) and PC (p < 0.0001), and higher omega-6 and omega-3 metabolites in the plasma PC (p < 0.05) than the controls. Conversely, the red cell PC and PE of the GDM contained higher proportions of palmitic (p < 0.05) and SFA (p < 0.05) but lower arachidonic (p < 0.05) and docosahexaenoic (p > 0.05) acids compared with the controls. Interestingly, red cell PC arachidonic acid level was comparable between Korean and British women whereas docosahexaenoic acid level decreased in the order of Korean control (5.5 +/- 0.9) > Korean GDM (3.5 +/- 2.1) = British control (3.9 +/- 2.9) > British GDM (2.8 +/- 2.3) (p < 0.05). The similarity in the plasma and red cell fatty acids profile between Korean and British cohort suggests that the reduced membrane arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids in GDM might be attributed to the effect of the disease itself regardless of ethnicity, obesity, or diet. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Neonatal, infant, and childhood growth following metformin versus insulin treatment for gestational diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Author summaryWhy was this study done? Gestational diabetes is a common pregnancy complication, affecting around 1 in 7 pregnancies worldwide, and can be associated with adverse outcomes for both mothers and babies. There are several effective treatment strategies available for gestational diabetes, including using metformin or insulin to control high blood sugars in the mother. It is important to fully understand any effects that these 2 treatment options may have on the growth of the baby in the womb and also after birth into childhood. What did the researchers do and find? We performed a systematic review of 28 studies that included 3,976 mothers who were randomised to metformin or insulin for treatment of gestational diabetes. We included all studies that reported the weight and growth of their babies in the womb, at birth, or later in childhood. We showed that babies whose mothers were treated with metformin weighed on average 108 g less at birth than those whose mothers were treated with insulin, and had a lower risk of being born large (>90th centile) for their gestation at delivery. Metformin-exposed infants were 0.44 kg heavier by 18-24 months than insulin-exposed infants. Metformin-exposed children had higher BMI (by 0.8 kg/m2) by mid-childhood (5-9 years) than insulin-exposed children. What do these findings mean? Metformin treatment for gestational diabetes alters the postnatal growth trajectory compared to insulin treatment. Children exposed to metformin compared to insulin in the womb tend to be born at significantly lower birth weights, but are heavier in infancy, with higher BMI by mid-childhood. It is known that children who are born small and then undergo 'catch-up growth' after birth are at increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes later in life. It is important to understand whether this increased risk applies to children whose mothers were treated with metformin during pregnancy. Background Metformin is increasingly offered as an acceptable and economic alternative to insulin for treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in many countries. However, the impact of maternal metformin treatment on the trajectory of fetal, infant, and childhood growth is unknown. Methods and findings PubMed, Ovid Embase, Medline, Web of Science, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the Cochrane database were systematically searched (from database inception to 26 February 2019). Outcomes of GDM-affected pregnancies randomised to treatment with metformin versus insulin were included (randomised controlled trials and prospective randomised controlled studies) from cohorts including European, American, Asian, Australian, and African women. Studies including pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes or non-diabetic women were excluded, as were trials comparing metformin treatment with oral glucose-lowering agents other than insulin. Two reviewers independently assessed articles for eligibility and risk of bias, and conflicts were resolved by a third reviewer. Outcome measures were parameters of fetal, infant, and childhood growth, including weight, height, BMI, and body composition. In total, 28 studies (n = 3,976 participants) met eligibility criteria and were included in the meta-analysis. No studies reported fetal growth parameters; 19 studies (n = 3,723 neonates) reported measures of neonatal growth. Neonates born to metformin-treated mothers had lower birth weights (mean difference -107.7 g, 95% CI -182.3 to -32.7, I-2 = 83%, p = 0.005) and lower ponderal indices (mean difference -0.13 kg/m(3), 95% CI -0.26 to 0.00, I-2 = 0%, p = 0.04) than neonates of insulin-treated mothers. The odds of macrosomia (odds ratio [OR] 0.59, 95% CI 0.46 to 0.77, p < 0.001) and large for gestational age (OR 0.78, 95% CI 0.62 to 0.99, p = 0.04) were lower following maternal treatment with metformin compared to insulin. There was no difference in neonatal height or incidence of small for gestational age between groups. Two studies (n = 411 infants) reported measures of infant growth (18-24 months of age). In contrast to the neonatal phase, metformin-exposed infants were significantly heavier than those in the insulin-exposed group (mean difference 440 g, 95% CI 50 to 830, I-2 = 4%, p = 0.03). Three studies (n = 520 children) reported mid-childhood growth parameters (5-9 years). In mid-childhood, BMI was significantly higher (mean difference 0.78 kg/m(2), 95% CI 0.23 to 1.33, I-2 = 7%, p = 0.005) following metformin exposure than following insulin exposure, although the difference in absolute weights between the groups was not significantly different (p = 0.09). Limited evidence (1 study with data treated as 2 cohorts) suggested that adiposity indices (abdominal [p = 0.02] and visceral [p = 0.03] fat volumes) may be higher in children born to metformin-treated compared to insulin-treated mothers. Study limitations include heterogeneity in metformin dosing, heterogeneity in diagnostic criteria for GDM, and the scarcity of reporting of childhood outcomes. Conclusions Following intrauterine exposure to metformin for treatment of maternal GDM, neonates are significantly smaller than neonates whose mothers were treated with insulin during pregnancy. Despite lower average birth weight, metformin-exposed children appear to experience accelerated postnatal growth, resulting in heavier infants and higher BMI by mid-childhood compared to children whose mothers were treated with insulin. Such patterns of low birth weight and postnatal catch-up growth have been reported to be associated with adverse long-term cardio-metabolic outcomes. This suggests a need for further studies examining longitudinal perinatal and childhood outcomes following intrauterine metformin exposure. This review protocol was registered with PROSPERO under registration number CRD42018117503.
Prevalence of congenital heart disease and its related risk indicators among 90 796 Chinese infants aged less than 6 months in Tianjin; Background: Congenital heart disease (CHD) represents one of the most prevalent congenital malformations. However, few studies use whole-population screening by colour Doppler ultrasonic diagnostic system to identify CHD among live infants. We estimate the prevalence of CHD and its major risk indicators among infants aged less than 6 months in urban Tianjin, China. Methods: A colour Doppler ultrasonic diagnostic system was used as the screening tool for the diagnosis of CHD. A total of 90 796 infants aged less than 6 months, living in the nine urban districts of Tianjin, China, participated in the CHD screening programme between July 2009 and June 2011. Results: A total of 1817 children were identified as having CHD. The overall prevalence of congenital heart disease was 16.4 per 1000 live births among 47 697 boys, 24.1 per 1000 live births among 43 099 girls, and 20.0 per 1,000 live births among 90 796 boys and girls combined. Atrial septal defect was the most common heart lesion of CHD, with the prevalence of 10.6 per 1000 live births. Several maternal antenatal factors, such as older age, pregnant infections, pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, family history of CHD, and lower education level, and several child factors, such as early screening age, lower birthweight and short gestational age, were associated with an increased risk of CHD. Conclusions: The prevalence of CHD of live infants in Tianjin was found to be relatively high by using a colour Doppler ultrasonic diagnostic system to screen CHD. Several maternal factors were associated with CHD risk.
Relationship between ABO blood group and pregnancy complications: a systematic literature analysis; Given the expression of ABO blood group antigens on the surface of a wide range of human cells and tissues, the putative interplay of the ABO system in human biology outside the area of transfusion and transplantation medicine constitutes an intriguing byway of research. Thanks to evidence accumulated over more than 50 years, the involvement of the ABO system in the pathogenesis of several human diseases, including cardiovascular, infectious and neoplastic disorders, is now acknowledged. However, there is controversial information on the potential association between ABO blood type and adverse pregnancy outcomes, including pre-eclampsia and related disorders (eclampsia, HELLP syndrome and intrauterine growth restriction), venous thromboembolism, post-partum haemorrhage and gestational diabetes. To elucidate the role of ABO antigens in pregnancy-related complications, we performed a systematic review of the literature published in the past 50 years. A meta-analytical approach was also applied to the existing literature on the association between ABO status and pre-eclampsia. The results of this systematic review are presented and critically discussed, along with the possible pathogenic implications.
A proposed fetal risk scoring system for gestational diabetes to assist in optimising timing of delivery; Background. The pathophysiology of gestational diabetes, which is related to abnormal gluocose tolerance and hyperinsulinaemia, renders standard fetal monitoring models ineffective, insufficient and inappropriate, as these models revolve around detecting and prognosticating on placenta-mediated disease rather than increased metabolic rates due to hyperinsulinaemia, functional hypoxia and ischaemic trophoblastic thresholds. To improve perinatal morbidity and mortality in gestational diabetes, there is therefore a need to introduce new prognostic parameters and scoring systems. Objectives. A proposed risk scoring system has been developed, based on our previous studies, to risk-categorise patients with gestational diabetes in terms of fetal outcome in view of the fact that the pathophysiology of gestational diabetes is not recognised by standard monitoring models, which revolve around placental insufficiency rather than metabolic anomalies. Methods. Patients with diabetes from four case-control studies were combined to form a total sample of 159 cases for validation of the risk scoring system. Univariate logistic regression analysis was used to assess the effect of individual risk factors with proposed cut-offs on adverse pregnancy outcome. The diagnostic accuracy of the total summative score was assessed by computing the area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. Results. Four potential parameters were identified to risk-categorise fetuses in a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes, i.e. the myocardial performance index (MPI), the E/A ratio (early diastolic filling/late diastolic filling, a marker of diastolic dysfunction), increasing fetal weight (macrosomia), and an increased amniotic fluid index. The total score, obtained by summation of the composite scores for these parameters, ranged from 0 to 11. The total score performed as an excellent predictor of adverse outcome, evidenced by an ROC area under the curve of 0.94. A cut-point of 6 on the score confers a sensitivity of 84.2% and specificity of 90.2% for predicting adverse outcome. Conclusion. To our knowledge, this is the first gestational diabetes scoring system proposed to predict an adverse outcome.
Obstructive sleep apnea in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal outcomes: a national cohort; Objective: Pregnancy and the obesity epidemic impacting women of reproductive age appear to predispose women to obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) in pregnancy. The aim of this study is to examine the association between OSA and adverse maternal outcomes in a national cohort. Methods: The National Perinatal Information Center in the US was used to identify women with a delivery discharge diagnosis of OSA from 2010 to 2014. We used the International Classification of Diseases, ninth Revision to classify OSA diagnosis and maternal outcomes. Measurements: The sample consisted of 1,577,632 gravidas with a rate of OSA of 0.12% (N = 1963). There was a significant association between OSA and preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 2.22, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.94-2.54), eclampsia (aOR 2.95, 1.08-8.02), and gestational diabetes (aOR 1.51, 1.34 -1.72) after adjusting for a comprehensive list of covariates which includes maternal obesity. OSA status was also associated with a 2.5-3.5-fold increase in risk of severe complications such as cardiomyopathy, congestive heart failure, and hysterectomy. Length of hospital stay was significantly longer (5.1 + 5.6 vs 3.0 + 3.0 days, p < 0.001) and odds of an admission to an intensive care unit higher (aOR 2.74, 2.36-3.18) in women with OSA. Conclusions: Compared to pregnant women without OSA, pregnant women with OSA have a significantly higher risk of pregnancy-specific complications such as gestational hypertensive conditions and gestational diabetes, and rare medical and surgical complications such as cardiomyopathy, pulmonary edema, congestive heart failure, and hysterectomy. OSA diagnosis was also associated with a longer hospital stay and significantly increased odds for admission to the intensive care unit. (c) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Increased osteoprotegerin levels in women with previous gestational diabetes developing metabolic syndrome; Osteoprotegerin (OPG), a novel soluble member of tumour necrosis factor receptor superfamily, has been shown to link cardiovascular disorders. The aim of this study is to investigate the potential relationship between serum OPG levels, cardiovascular risk factors and metabolic syndrome in a relatively large group of women with previous GDM. In this cross-sectional case-control study, 128 women with previous GDM and 67 age-matched controls were enrolled. Subjects were evaluated for the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome according to the criteria of the American Heart Association (AHA). Fasting glucose, insulin, serum lipids, CRP and OPG were assayed. HOMA score was calculated. Carotid intima media thickness (IMT) was measured. There was no significant increase in OPG levels in women with previous GDM when compared to controls. On the other hand, women with previous GDM developing metabolic syndrome had higher OPG levels than those without metabolic syndrome and healthy controls. Serum OPG levels were associated with obesity, insulin resistance, serum CRP and carotid IMT. Serum OPG is related to cardiovascular risk factors and metabolic syndrome, and might be involved in the development of cardiovascular disorders in women with previous GDM. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Epidemiology of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy: prevalence, risk factors, predictors and prognosis; Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP) represent some of the most important problems faced by public health because HDP is a major cause of maternal and prenatal morbidity and mortality. Several epidemiological studies have been performed to determine the prevalence and risk factors of HDP as well as its subtypes. The prevalences of HDP, gestational hypertension and preeclampsia are 5.2-8.2%, 1.8-4.4% and 0.2-9.2%, respectively. Body mass index, anemia and lower education appear to be modifiable risk factors for HDP. Maternal age, primiparous, multiple pregnancy, HDP in previous pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preexisting hypertension, preexisting type 2 diabetes mellitus, preexisting urinary tract infection and a family history of hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia appear to be nonmodifiable risk factors. Genetic variants including a single-nucleotide polymorphism in the angiotensinogen gene have also been reported to be nonmodifiable risk factors. Epidemiological studies have recently examined the associations between a history of HDP and its subtypes and future risks of other diseases. These studies have reported associations between a history of HDP and a risk of coronary heart disease, heart failure, dysrhythmia, stroke, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, end-stage renal dysfunction and cardiomyopathy. HDP is not associated with the future incidence of total cancer. In conclusion, HDP is not a rare complication of pregnancy and the influence of HDP remains for an extended duration. Physicians should consider the effects of HDP when treating chronic diseases in women.
The Association of Family History of Premature Cardiovascular Disease or Diabetes Mellitus on the Occurrence of Gestational Hypertensive Disease and Diabetes; Background Gestational hypertensive diseases (GHD) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. However, the association between gestational medical diseases and familial history of CVD has not been investigated to date. In the present study, we examined the association between familial history of CVD and GHD or GDM via reliable questionnaires in a large cohort of registered nurses. Methods The Korean Nurses' Survey was conducted through a web-based computer-assisted self-interview, which was developed through consultation with cardiologists, gynecologists, and statisticians. We enrolled a total of 9,989 female registered nurses who reliably answered the questionnaires including family history of premature CVD (FHpCVD), hypertension (FHH), and diabetes mellitus (FHDM) based on their medical knowledge. Either multi-variable logistic regression analysis or generalized estimation equation was used to clarify the effect of positive family histories on GHD and GDM in subjects or at each repeated pregnancy in an individual. Results In this survey, 3,695 subjects had at least 1 pregnancy and 8,783 cumulative pregnancies. Among them, 247 interviewees (6.3%) experienced GHD and 120 (3.1%) experienced GDM. In a multivariable analysis adjusted for age, obstetric, and gynecologic variables, age at the first pregnancy over 35 years (adjusted OR 1.61, 95% CI 1.02-2.43) and FHpCVD (adjusted OR 1.60, 95% CI 1.16-2.22) were risk factors for GHD in individuals, whereas FHH was not. FHDM and history of infertility therapy were risk factors for GDM in individuals (adjusted OR 2.68, 95% CI 1.86-3.86; 1.84, 95% CI 1.05-3.23, respectively). In any repeated pregnancies in an individual, age at the current pregnancy and at the first pregnancy, and FHpCVD were risk factors for GHD, while age at the current pregnancy, history of infertility therapy, and FHDM were risk factors for GDM. Conclusions The FHpCVD and FHDM are significantly associated with GHD and GDM, respectively. Meticulous family histories should be obtained, and women with family histories of these conditions should be carefully monitored during pregnancy.
Association of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes With Risk of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in Postmenopausal Women; Importance Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) may have unique risk factors in women. Most women have a history of pregnancy; common adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) appear to be associated with ASCVD, but prior studies have limitations. Objective To assess whether APOs are associated with increased ASCVD risk independently of traditional risk factors. Design, Setting, and Participants The APO history among participants in the Women's Health Initiative, a large multiethnic cohort of postmenopausal women, was assessed. The associations of 5 self-reported APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, low birth weight [ie, birth weight less than 2.49 kg], high birth weight [ie, birth weight greater than 4.08 kg], and preterm delivery by 3 weeks or more) with ASCVD were analyzed, adjusting for traditional ASCVD risk factors. Data were collected and analyzed in 2017. Exposures APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, low birth weight, high birth weight, and preterm delivery). Main Outcomes and Measures Adjudicated ASCVD. Results A total of 48113 Women's Health Initiative participants responded to the survey; the median (interquartile range) age at time of enrollment was 60.0 (55.0-64.0) years. A total of 13482 participants (28.8%) reported 1 or more APOs. Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease was more frequent in women who reported an APO compared with those without APOs (1028 of 13 482 [7.6%] vs 1758 of 30 522 [5.8%]). Each APO, analyzed separately, was significantly associated with ASCVD, and gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, low birth weight, and preterm delivery remained significant after adjustment for traditional ASCVD risk factors. When all APOs were analyzed together, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio, 1.27; 95% CI, 1.15-1.40) and low birth weight (odds ratio, 1.12; 95% CI, 1.00-1.26) remained independently associated with ASCVD. All findings were materially unchanged by additional adjustment for parity, body mass index, and socioeconomic factors. Conclusions and Relevance In this large multiethnic cohort of women, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and low birth weight were independently associated with ASCVD after adjustment for risk factors and other APOs. Question Do adverse pregnancy outcomes represent independent risk factors for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in women? Findings In this cohort study including 46805 Women's Health Initiative participants, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and low birth weight were independently associated with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease after adjustment for standard risk factors and other adverse pregnancy outcomes. Meaning Adverse pregnancy outcomes are sex-specific risk factors for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in women. This study evaluates whether adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with increased atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk independently of traditional risk factors.
Beneficial Effects of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Gestational Diabetes: Consequences in Macrosomia and Adulthood Obesity; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are increasingly being used to prevent cardiovascular diseases, including diabetes and obesity. In this paper, we report data on the observed effects of omega-3 PUFA on major metabolic disorders and immune system disruption during gestational diabetes and their consequences on macrosomia. While controversies still exist about omega-3 PUFA effects on antioxidant status regarding the level of omega-3 PUFA in diet supplementation, their lipid-lowering effects are unanimously recognized by researchers. Animal studies have shown that omega-3 PUFA contributes to the maintenance of the immune defense system by promoting the differentiation of T helper (Th) cell to a Th2 phenotype in diabetic pregnancy and by shifting the Th1/Th2 ratio from a deleterious proinflammatory Th1 phenotype to a protective anti-inflammatory Th2 phenotype in macrosomia and in adulthood obesity that results from macrosomia at birth. Based on the available evidence, international nutritional and food agencies recommend administration of omega-3 PUFA as triglyceride-lowering agents, for the prevention of cardiovascular disease risk and during human pregnancy and lactation. Furthermore, studies targeting humans are still required to explore application of the fatty acids as supplement in the management of gestational diabetes and inflammatory and immune diseases.
Laboratory diagnosis of gestational diabetes: An <i>in silico</i> investigation into the effects of pre-analytical processing on the diagnostic sensitivity and specificity of the oral glucose tolerance test; Introduction: Delayed separation of red cells from plasma causes pre analytical glucose loss, which in turn results in an under-diagnosis of GDM (gestational diabetes) based on the OGTT (oral glucose tolerance test). In silico investigations may help laboratory decision making, when exploring pragmatic improvements to sample processing. Methods: Late pregnancy 0, 1 and 2 h 75 g OGTT values were obtained fromtwo distinct populations of pregnant women: 1. Values derived from the HAPO (Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome) Study and 2. NewZealandwomen identified as at higher risk of GDM by their caregivers, undergoing OGTT during routine antenatal care. In both populations studied, in silico modelling focussed on the effects of pre-analytical delays in plasma separation, when using fluoride collection tubes. Results: Using a model that 'batched' samples from the three OGTT collection times, diagnostic sensitivity was estimated as follows: 66.1% for HAPO research population and 48.4% for the 1305 women receiving routine antenatal care. If samples were not batched, but processed shortly after each blood sample was collected, then sensitivity increased to 81%. Conclusion: Exploration of a range of clinical and laboratory scenarios using in silico modelling, showed that delaying the processing of pregnancy OGTT samples, using batched sample collection into fluoride tubes, causes unacceptable loss of GDMdiagnostic sensitivity across two distinct population groups. This modelling approach will hopefully provide information that helps with final decision making around improved laboratory processing techniques. (C) 2017 The Canadian Society of Clinical Chemists. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The inheritance of cardiovascular disease risk; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is foremost among the non-communicable diseases (NCDs) which account for 71% of deaths globally each year. CVD is also prominent among the pre-existing conditions still accounting for nearly 25% of maternal deaths and is linked to gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. Markers of CVD risk have been reported even in young children, related to prenatal factors such as mother's diet or body composition. The underlying mechanisms include epigenetic changes which can alter the trajectory of risk across the life course. Preventive interventions need to commence before conception, to reduce transmission of CVD risk by promoting healthy behaviours in prospective parents, as well as in pregnancy, and postpartum through breastfeeding and healthy complementary feeding. Surprisingly, these opportunities are not emphasised in the 2018 United Nations Political Declaration on NCDs. NCDs such as CVD have communicable risk components transmitted across generations by socio-economic as well as biological factors, although the former can also become embodied in the offspring by epigenetic mechanisms. The inheritance of CVD risk, and social inequalities in such risk, thus raises wider questions about responsibility for the health of future generations at societal as well as individual levels.
Cardiovascular health after menopause transition, pregnancy disorders, and other gynaecologic conditions: a consensus document from European cardiologists, gynaecologists, and endocrinologists; Women undergo important changes in sex hormones throughout their lifetime that can impact cardiovascular disease risk. Whereas the traditional cardiovascular risk factors dominate in older age, there are several female-specific risk factors and inflammatory risk variables that influence a woman's risk at younger and middle age. Hypertensive pregnancy disorders and gestational diabetes are associated with a higher risk in younger women. Menopause transition has an additional adverse effect to ageing that may demand specific attention to ensure optimal cardiovascular risk profile and quality of life. In this position paper, we provide an update of gynaecological and obstetric conditions that interact with cardiovascular risk in women. Practice points for clinical use are given according to the latest standards from various related disciplines (Figure 1).
Engineering bioactive nanoparticles to rejuvenate vascular progenitor cells; Drug-loaded liposomal nanoparticles conjugated to endothelial colony-forming cells can improve the vasculogenic potential of vascular progenitor cells exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus. Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predisposes children to future health complications including type-2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. A key mechanism by which these complications occur is through stress-induced dysfunction of endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs), including endothelial colony-forming cells (ECFCs). Although several approaches have been previously explored to restore endothelial function, their widespread adoption remains tampered by systemic side effects of adjuvant drugs and unintended immune response of gene therapies. Here, we report a strategy to rejuvenate circulating vascular progenitor cells by conjugation of drug-loaded liposomal nanoparticles directly to the surface of GDM-exposed ECFCs (GDM-ECFCs). Bioactive nanoparticles can be robustly conjugated to the surface of ECFCs without altering cell viability and key progenitor phenotypes. Moreover, controlled delivery of therapeutic drugs to GDM-ECFCs is able to normalize transgelin (TAGLN) expression and improve cell migration, which is a critical key step in establishing functional vascular networks. More importantly, sustained pseudo-autocrine stimulation with bioactive nanoparticles is able to improve in vitro and in vivo vasculogenesis of GDM-ECFCs. Collectively, these findings highlight a simple, yet promising strategy to rejuvenate GDM-ECFCs and improve their therapeutic potential. Promising results from this study warrant future investigations on the prospect of the proposed strategy to improve dysfunctional vascular progenitor cells in the context of other chronic diseases, which has broad implications for addressing various cardiovascular complications, as well as advancing tissue repair and regenerative medicine.
Arterial stiffness in fertile women with metabolic syndrome; Introduction: Although metabolic syndrome (MetS) is evidently associated with the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), recently its use has been questioned. We studied the utility of MetS diagnosis when estimating individual CVD risk. Methods: We compared 27 fertile women with MetS and 27 counterparts without the syndrome, matched pairwise according to well-known risk factors of CVD. Pulse wave velocity (PWV) and central blood pressure (cBP) were determined noninvasively via a SphygmoCor device. Arterial compliance was measured noninvasively with an HDI/PulseWave (TM) CR-2000 arterial tonometer. Results: PWV (7.1 +/- 2.5 versus 6.5 +/- 1.1 m/s, p = .037), and both systolic (120.9 +/- 12.2 versus 111.5 +/- 16.0 mmHg, p = .031) and diastolic cBP (81.3 +/- 8.5 versus 74.1 +/- 11.2 mmHg, p = .035) were higher in the MetS group. Systemic arterial compliance values were lower in both large (15.1 +/- 8.0 versus 16.1 +/- 4.4 mL/mmHg x 10, p = .034) and small arteries (7.1 +/- 2.5 versus 9.3 +/- 3.2 mL/mmHg x 100, p = .010) in women with MetS. Conclusions: Fertile women with MetS had increased arterial stiffness, as measured by three different methods. Our results highlight the utility of MetS when revealing increased individual CVD risks in fertile-aged women.
GATA2/FGF21 Axis Regulates the Effects of High Glucose on the Apoptosis, Autophagy and Oxidative Stress of Human Umbilical Vein Endothelial Cell via PI3K/AKT/mTOR Pathway; Objective. We investigated the role and mechanism of GATA-binding factor 2/Fibroblast growth factor 21 (GATA2/FGF21) axis in high glucose (HG)-induced injury in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC). Methods. After HG treatment and transfection, the viability and apoptosis of HUVECs were determined via Cell Counting Kit-8 and Hoechst 33258 staining methods, and the content of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and reactive oxygen species (ROS) was measured via colorimetric assay and DCFH-DA staining. The potential transcription factor of FGF21 was predicted with bioinformatic analysis and confirmed via dual-luciferase reporter assay and chromatin immunoprecipitation. The expressions of GATA2/FGF21, apoptosis-, autophagy- and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)/AKT/mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway-related factors were quantified with quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction or Western blot. Results. Overexpressed FGF21 abolished the effects of HG on repressing the expressions of FGF21 and cell viability, and promoting apoptosis, the levels of LDH and ROS and autophagy in HUVECs, with increased Bcl-2 and p62 expression yet decreased Bax, Cleaved PARP, Cleaved caspase-3, LC3 II/LC3 I ratio and Beclin 1. GATA2 was the transcription factor of FGF21 and was downregulated after HG treatment, and the effects of overexpressed FGF21 in HG-treated HUVECs were all reversed after the silence of GATA2. Besides, overexpressed FGF21 promoted the activation of PI3K/ AKT/mTOR pathway, with increased phosphorylation levels of PI3K, AKT and mTOR, whereas silencing GATA2 abolished the trend. Conclusion. GATA2/FGF21 axis has a protective function against HG in HUVEC via regulating PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway.
Analysis of fetal heart rate in healthy and pathological pregnancies using wavelet-based features; In this paper, a new approach for feature extraction from the Fetal Heart Rate (FHR) signal is introduced. It considers the use of Continuous Wavelet Transform to extract wavelet-based features of FHR signal in order to discriminate the normal from the abnormal cases. The proposed methodology is tested on real data acquired before the beginning or during labor. The results proved the viability of the approach and its potential for further application.
Congenital Nephrotic Syndrome: A Cases Report; Congenital nephrotic syndrome (CNS) can be caused by neonatal infections and renal diseases that usually occur in early infancy. The most common CNS is the Finnish type, which is an autosomal recessively inherited disease characterized by intrauterine onset of massive proteinuria. In this study, we presented a preterm neonate confirmed as the first case of CNS in Iran by genetic study, who was admitted to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit of Imam Reza Hospital, Mashhad, Iran. The patient's mother had gestational diabetes mellitus and a history of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy. The newborn was hospitalized at birth because of hypoglycemia. Upon admission, repeat seizure, intraventricular hemorrhage, intracerebral hemorrhage, and edema (specific gravity of more than 58 and sever protein urea) were detected. Furthermore, hypoalbuminemia was observed. The result of the blood culture and cerebral spinal fluid culture were negative. In addition, TORCH and venereal disease research laboratory tests were negative. Finally, genetic study showed a mutation in C3250 DUPG.
Pregnancy-associated stroke and the recurrence of stroke and other complications in subsequent pregnancies: Population-based retrospective cohort study; Objective To examine the outcomes of the subsequent pregnancies from women with a previous pregnancy-associated stroke (PAS) in comparison to matched controls.Design Population-based retrospective cohort study.Setting and population All women with a PAS in Finland 1987-2016 (n = 235) and controls (n = 694).Methods We identified all subsequent deliveries and induced and spontaneous abortions for women with a previous PAS and their matched controls from the Medical Birth Register and the Hospital Discharge Register until 2016. The number, course and outcomes of the subsequent pregnancies were compared. Patient records were studied for PAS recurrence.Main outcome measures PAS recurrence and pregnancy complications.Results Women with a previous PAS had fewer subsequent deliveries: 73 (31.1%) women had 122 deliveries in all, whereas 303 (47.3%) of the controls had 442 deliveries (age-adjusted odds ratio [OR] 0.54, 95% CI 0.38-0.76). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (17.2% versus 5.7%, age-adjusted OR 4.0, 95% CI 1.7-9.3), especially chronic hypertension (age-adjusted OR 5.9, 95% CI 1.5-24.7), and any diabetes during pregnancy (24.6% versus 14.5%, age-adjusted OR 2.0, 95% CI 1.1-3.8) were more common in cases. Regarding HDP, the difference between groups was explained by underlying factors such as index pregnancy HDP (multivariable OR 2.4, 95% CI 0.8-6.7). PAS recurred in four cases (5.5%).Conclusions Subsequent pregnancies of women with a history of PAS are more often complicated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and any diabetes during pregnancy. PAS recurrence risk is considerable.
Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome: Impact on Adult and Fetal Health; Women with the polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) may have an increased risk for complications in pregnancy including miscarriage, gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, higher rates of cesarean delivery, and abnormalities in fetal growth. In addition, PCOS has been associated with the development of type II diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, obstructive sleep apnea, endometrial cancer, depression and anxiety, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. In understanding that PCOS is a disease impacting more than just a woman's fertility, prevention and early identification of risk factors for affiliated conditions is essential.
The Fourth Trimester: a Time for Enhancing Transitions in Cardiovascular Care; Purpose of Review The "fourth trimester" concept, defined as the first 12 weeks after delivery (and beyond), is a critical window of time for clinicians to intervene to optimize women's cardiovascular health after pregnancy. A timely and comprehensive postpartum cardiovascular assessment should be performed in all women following delivery in order to (1) follow up medical conditions present prior to conception, (2) evaluate symptoms and signs of common postpartum complications, and (3) identify risk factors and prevent future adverse cardiovascular outcomes. In this review, we aim to discuss major maternal cardiovascular risk factors such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, postpartum weight retention, and postpartum depression, as well as lactation as a potential protective risk modifying factor. Additionally, we will review effectiveness of outpatient interventions to enhance transitions in cardiovascular care during the fourth trimester. Recent Findings A seamless hand-off from obstetric to primary care, and potentially cardiology, is needed for early detection and management of hypertension, weight, glycemic control, stress and mood, and long-term cardiovascular risk. Additionally, the use of telemedicine, blood pressure self-monitoring, remote activity monitoring, and behavioral health coaches are potentially feasible modalities to augment clinic-based care for cardiovascular risk factors and weight management, but additional studies are needed to study their long-term effectiveness. Summary Development of a comprehensive postpartum care plan with careful consideration of each patient's risk profile and access to resources is critical to improve maternal morbidity and mortality, reduce health disparities, and achieve long-term cardiovascular health for women. Supporting postpartum well-being of women during this transition period requires a multidisciplinary approach, especially primary care engagement, and planning should start before delivery.
Developmental origins of cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and obesity in humans; Fecal growth restriction and low weight gain in infancy are associated with an increased risk of adult cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome. The fetal origins of adult disease hypothesis proposes that these associations reflect permanent changes in metabolism, body composition and tissue structure caused by undernutrition during critical periods of early development. An alternative hypothesis is that both small size at birth and later disease have a common genetic aetiology. These two hypotheses are not mutually exclusive. In addition to low birthweight, fetal 'overnutrition' caused by maternal obesity and gestational diabetes leads to an increased risk of later obesity and type 2 diabetes. There is consistent evidence that accelerated BMI gain during childhood, and adult obesity, are additional risk factors for cardiovascular disease and diabetes. These effects are exaggerated in people of low birthweight. Poor fetal and infant growth combined with recent increases in childhood adiposity may underlie the high rates of disease in developing countries undergoing nutritional transition. Sub-optimal maternal nutritional status is a major cause of low birthweight globally but its impact on fetal growth in 'well-nourished' western populations has been inadequately studied. In experimental animals hypertension and insulin resistance can be programmed in the offspring by restricting maternal diet in pregnancy but there are currently insufficient data to determine whether maternal nutritional status and diet programme cardiovascular disease risk in humans.
Postpartum counseling in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are associated with increased cardiovascular disease risk across the lifespan. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Heart Association emphasize the postpartum period as an important opportunity to identify and intervene women at high risk of future cardiovascular disease. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine the proportion of women with documented counseling on risks and transitions of care after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy at the postpartum visit. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective longitudinal descriptive study of women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy who were enrolled in a text-based blood pressure program from September 2018 to February 2019. We abstracted counseling in the discharge summary and postpartum note from the electronic medical record. The primary outcome was counseling at the postpartum visit defined as documentation of (1) follow-up with primary care or cardiology, (2) risk of cardiovascular disease, or (3) recommendation for aspirin in a future pregnancy. We assessed demographic and clinical factors that may influence counseling through multivariable logistic regression. We also compared the proportion of women counseled on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy vs contraception and glucose tolerance tests at the postpartum visit. RESULTS: Of 320 eligible women, most women had gestational hypertension or preeclampsia without severe features (64%). Postpartum visits were scheduled in our hospital system for 284 women, of whom 253 attended (89%). Documented counseling occurred for 62 women (25%). Counseling on follow-up with primary care or cardiology, cardiovascular disease risk, and aspirin in future pregnancies was documented for 51 (20%), 15 (6%), and 1 (0.4%), respectively. Only 1 woman had documented counseling on all 3 components. In multivariable analysis, black race remained an independent factor that increased the likelihood of counseling on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio, 2.77; 95% confidence interval, 1.32-5.83). Women were significantly less likely to be counseled on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy than on contraceptives (99%, P<.001) or glucose tolerance testing after gestational diabetes mellitus (79%, P<.001). CONCLUSION: Postpartum counseling on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy merits urgent improvement efforts among obstetrical care providers.
Cardiovascular Disease Risk in the Offspring of Diabetic Women: The Impact of the Intrauterine Environment; The incidence of gestational diabetes is increasing worldwide, exposing large numbers of infants to hyperglycaemia whilst in utero. This exposure may have a long-term negative impact on the cardiovascular health of the offspring. Novel methods to assess cardiovascular status in the neonatal period are now available-including measuring arterial intima-media thickness and retinal photography. These measures will allow researchers to assess the relative impact of intrauterine exposures, distinguishing these from genetic or postnatal environmental factors. Understanding the long-term impact of the intrauterine environment should allow the development of more effective health policy and interventions to decrease the future burden of cardiovascular disease. Initiating disease prevention aimed at the developing fetus during the antenatal period may optimise community health outcomes.
Pregnancy Characteristics and Womens Future Cardiovascular Health: An Underused Opportunity to Improve Womens Health?; Growing evidence indicates that women with a history of common pregnancy complications, including fetal growth restriction and preterm delivery (often combined as low birth weight), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes, are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease later in life. The purpose of this paper was to review the associations of parity and these 4 pregnancy complications with cardiovascular morbidity and mortality; to review the role of cardiovascular risk factors before, during, and after pregnancy complications in explaining these associations; and to explore the implications of this emerging science for new research and policy. We systematically searched for relevant cohort and case-control studies in Medline through December 2012 and used citation searches for already published reviews to identify new studies. The findings of this review suggest consistent and often strong associations of pregnancy complications with latent and future cardiovascular disease. Many pregnancy complications appear to be preceded by subclinical vascular and metabolic dysfunction, suggesting that the complications may be useful markers of latent high-risk cardiovascular trajectories. With further replication research, these findings would support the utility of these prevalent pregnancy complications in identifying high-risk women for screening, prevention, and treatment of cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of morbidity and mortality among women.
Analysis of Evolution and Ethnic Diversity at Glucose-Associated SNPs of Circadian Clock-Related Loci with <i>Cryptochrome 1</i>, <i>Cryptochrome 2</i>, and <i>Melatonin receptor 1B</i>; Diabetes shows high heritability and, worldwide, causes significant health problems including cardiovascular disease and stroke. There is significant variation in the frequency of diabetes between different populations. Both Cryptochromes and Melatonin have a major role to regulate the circadian clock. Circadian clock failure causes metabolic dysfunctions including diabetes and obesity. Variations in the Cryptochrome 1, the Cryptochrome 2, and the Melatonin receptor 1B (MTNR1B) genes show associations with fasting glucose, and are also related to circadian clock. Here, we analyzed evidence for genetic selection and ethnic diversity at circadian clock- and glucose-related gene loci associated with Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and MTNR1B. We carried out a 3-step genetic method to investigate genetic selection at the Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and MTNR1B on four populations from the 1000 Genomes Project and HapMap. First we used F-statistics to quantify genetic population differences and find ethnic diversity. Then we applied a long-range haplotype test to detect significant extreme long haplotypes, and then the integrated haplotype score (iHS) to find genetic selection at Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and MTNR1B. We observed genetic population differences and ethnic diversity at one glucose-associated Cryptochrome 1 single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) (rs8192440), one glucose-associated Cryptochrome 2 SNP (rs11605924), and one glucose-associated MTNR1B SNP (rs10830963) by F-statistics. Both Cryptochrome 1 and MTNR1B also showed selection by the iHS. These observations show new evidence for evolution at Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2 and MTNR1B. Further investigation should continue to examine the evolution of circadian clock- and glucose-related genes.
Amino acid and lipid metabolism in post-gestational diabetes and progression to type 2 diabetes: A metabolic profiling study; Background Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 7-fold higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) during midlife and an elevated risk of developing hypertension and cardiovascular disease. Glucose tolerance reclassification after delivery is recommended, but fewer than 40% of women with GDM are tested. Thus, improved risk stratification methods are needed, as is a deeper understanding of the pathology underlying the transition from GDM to T2D. We hypothesize that metabolites during the early postpartum period accurately distinguish risk of progression from GDM to T2D and that metabolite changes signify underlying pathophysiology for future disease development. Methods and findings The study utilized fasting plasma samples collected from a well-characterized prospective research study of 1,035 women diagnosed with GDM. The cohort included racially/ethnically diverse pregnant women (aged 20-45 years-33% primiparous, 37% biparous, 30% multiparous) who delivered at Kaiser Permanente Northern California hospitals from 2008 to 2011. Participants attended in-person research visits including 2-hour 75-g oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) at study baseline (6-9 weeks postpartum) and annually thereafter for 2 years, and we retrieved diabetes diagnoses from electronic medical records for 8 years. In a nested case-control study design, we collected fasting plasma samples among women without diabetes at baseline (n = 1,010) to measure metabolites among those who later progressed to incident T2D or did not develop T2D (non-T2D). We studied 173 incident T2D cases and 485 controls (pair-matched on BMI, age, and race/ethnicity) to discover metabolites associated with new onset of T2D. Up to 2 years post-baseline, we analyzed samples from 98 T2D cases with 239 controls to reveal T2D-associated metabolic changes. The longitudinal analysis tracked metabolic changes within individuals from baseline to 2 years of follow-up as the trajectory of T2D progression. By building prediction models, we discovered a distinct metabolic signature in the early postpartum period that predicted future T2D with a median discriminating power area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.883 (95% CI 0.820-0.945, p < 0.001). At baseline, the most striking finding was an overall increase in amino acids (AAs) as well as diacyl-glycerophospholipids and a decrease in sphingolipids and acyl-alkyl-glycerophospholipids among women with incident T2D. Pathway analysis revealed up-regulated AA metabolism, arginine/proline metabolism, and branched-chain AA (BCAA) metabolism at baseline. At follow-up after the onset of T2D, upregulation of AAs and down-regulation of sphingolipids and acyl-alkyl-glycerophospholipids were sustained or strengthened. Notably, longitudinal analyses revealed only 10 metabolites associated with progression to T2D, implicating AA and phospholipid metabolism. A study limitation is that all of the analyses were performed with the same cohort. It would be ideal to validate our findings in an independent longitudinal cohort of women with GDM who had glucose tolerance tested during the early postpartum period. Conclusions In this study, we discovered a metabolic signature predicting the transition from GDM to T2D in the early postpartum period that was superior to clinical parameters (fasting plasma glucose, 2-hour plasma glucose). The findings suggest that metabolic dysregulation, particularly AA dysmetabolism, is present years prior to diabetes onset, and is revealed during the early postpartum period, preceding progression to T2D, among women with GDM.
High Uric Acid Levels During Pregnancy Linked to Increased Risk for Future Atherosclerotic-Related Hospitalization; The aim of this study was to examine the association between uric acid (UA) level during pregnancy and future maternal hospitalization for atherosclerotic-related morbidity. A case-control study was conducted including women who delivered between the years 2000 to 2012 and subsequently developed atherosclerotic morbidity at least 1year after their last delivery (n=588) and controls (n=3645). The mean follow-up duration was 57.8 +/- 35.6months and 77 +/- 43.4months, respectively. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios for hospitalizations. A significant linear association was documented between UA during pregnancy and long-term maternal-related atherosclerotic morbidity. A Cox proportional hazard model, controlling for the confounders gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, obesity, maternal age, creatinine level, and gestational week at index pregnancy showed that UA 5.6mg/dL during pregnancy remained independently associated with long-term total hospitalization (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.47; 95% confidence interval, 1.16-1.86; P<.001). High UA level during pregnancy may predict maternal atherosclerotic morbidity.
Circulating angiotensin II type I receptor - autoantibodies in diabetic pregnancies; Pregnant women with either pre-existing or gestational diabetes mellitus are at increased risk of preeclampsia as well as future cardiovascular disease. The renin-angiotensin system is dysregulated in both diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. In preeclampsia, maternal levels of circulating agonistic autoantibodies against the angiotensin II Type I receptor (AT1-AAs) are increased. Circulating AT1-AAs are thought to contribute to both the patho-physiology of preeclampsia and the increased risk of future cardiovascular disease. Studies exploring AT1-AA in diabetes outside pregnancy suggest their potential for both metabolic and cardiovascular pathogenicity. No studies have investigated AT1-AAs in diabetic pregnancies. We hypothesized elevated maternal circulating AT1- AA levels in pregnancies complicated by any type of diabetes mellitus. Third-trimester maternal serum from 39 women (controls: n symbolscript 10; type 1 diabetes: n symbolscript 9; type 2 diabetes: n symbolscript 10; gestational symbolscript were analyzed for AT1-AA using an established bioassay method. Circulating AT1-AAs were present in 70% (7/10) of the controls and 83% (24/29) of the diabetes group (P symbolscript 0.399). Presence of AT1-AA was correlated to hsCRP levels (P symbolscript 0.036), but neither with maternal circulating angiogenic factors (soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 and placental growth factor), nor with maternal or fetal characteristics indicative of metabolic disease or placental dysfunction. Our study is the first to demonstrate presence of circulating AT1-AAs in pregnant women with any type of diabetes. Our findings suggest AT1-AAs presence in pregnancy independently of placental dysfunction, nuancing the current view on their pathogenicity. Whether AT1-AAs per se contribute to increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and future cardiovascular disease remains currently unanswered.
Overweight status and intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes are associated with children's metabolic health; Background: Offspring of women with gestational diabetes (OGD) have greater risk for obesity and impaired metabolic health. Whether impaired metabolic health occurs in the absence of obesity is not clear. Objective: The purpose of this study was to investigate the independent and interactive effects of intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes and of children's current weight status on their metabolic health. Methods: Children aged 5-10 years (n = 51) with and without intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes (OGD vs. offspring of non-diabetic women [CTRL]) were grouped into normal weight (body mass index [BMI] < 85th %) and overweight (BMI > 85th %) according to Centers for Disease Control growth curves. Lipid profile was obtained by fasting blood draw, insulin sensitivity (S-I) and secretion by liquid meal tolerance test, and body composition by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Results: Despite similar average BMI percentiles among normal weight OGD versus CTRL, and overweight OGD vs. CTRL, OGD had greater total % fat and trunk fat adjusted for leg fat compared with CTRL (P < 0.05). Overweight children had lower S-I (P < 0.05) and greater basal, static, and total insulin secretion independent of S-I (P < 0.05). OGD was independently associated with greater static insulin secretion (P < 0.05) and the interaction between OGD and overweight was associated with greater basal insulin secretion independent of S-I (P < 0.01). OGD and overweight were each associated with lower high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes was associated with greater central adiposity and insulin secretion, and lower HDL-C, irrespective of current weight status. Future research should examine respective contributions of the intrauterine environment and of underlying genotype on children's metabolic health.
If you have gestational diabetes, keep an eye on the blood vessels. Gestational diabetes increases the risk of later cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes; Ein Gestationsdiabetes zahlt zu den haufigsten Schwangerschaftskomplikationen. Verschiedene aktuelle Studien weisen darauf hin, dass werdende Mutter mit schwangerschaftsbedingt erhohten Blutzuckerwerten ein gesteigertes Risiko fur spatere kardiovaskulare Erkrankungen und auch fur Typ-2-Diabetes aufweisen 1 , 2 . Sogar dann, so die Expertinnen und Experten der Deutschen Diabetes Gesellschaft (DDG), wenn sich der Glukosespiegel nach der Entbindung (erst einmal) wieder normalisiert habe. Die Nachsorge in der hausarztlichen Versorgung besitze deswegen einen wichtigeren Stellenwert denn je.
Cardiac Doppler in poorly controlled gestational diabetics and its link to markers of intra-uterine hypoxia and adverse outcome; The aim of the study was to investigate foetal cardiac function using the modified myocardial performance index (Mod-MPI) in poorly controlled gestational diabetics and its link with intrauterine markers for hypoxia and to an adverse outcome. In a prospective, cross sectional study, 44 consecutive women with severe or poorly controlled gestational diabetic pregnancies in their third trimester on insulin therapy were recruited and matched with 44 women with normal pregnancies which served as the control group. Using Doppler echocardiography the foetal Mod-MPI was calculated. The foetal Mod-MPI was significantly higher in the diabetic group compared to the controls indicating significant myocardial dysfunction. The Mod-MPI served as an excellent marker of adverse outcomes. Foetal myocardial function was significantly impaired in poorly controlled gestational diabetics and there was a significant link of Mod-MPI to intrauterine markers of hypoxia, as well as to an adverse outcome. Mod-MPI has the potential to improve foetal surveillance in gestational diabetes.IMPACT STATEMENT What is already known on this subject? Abnormal foetal cardiac function, as reflected in the modified myocardial performance index, has been reported to be significantly increased in foetuses of poorly controlled diabetics managed on insulin. What do the results of this study add? There is a significant link between abnormal foetal cardiac function to intrauterine markers of hypoxia, as well as to an adverse outcome; and that development of myocardial dysfunction could be one of the main mechanisms, inducing foetal compromise in poorly controlled gestational diabetes.
Correcting for ethnicity when defining large for gestational age infants in diabetic pregnancies; The large-for-gestational-age (LGA) infant, defined as >90th birthweight percentile, is associated with mild disturbances of maternal glucose tolerance. In the UK the same birthweight percentile charts are used for all ethnic groups when assessing LCA infants. The influence of maternal hyperglycaemia on LGA infants of Asian (Indian Sub-continent) mothers in the UK is likely to be under-reported, as Asian birthweights tend to be lower than White/Europid birthweights. We assessed the number of LGA infants born consecutively to 21 Asian and 26 White/Europid mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), delivered between 37 and 42 weeks gestation, and also in 34 Asian and 121 White/Europid mothers with a positive screening test for GDM but a normal 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Large-for-gestational-age infants were identified using both the standard UK percentile charts of the Medical Research Council and percentile charts constructed from 30418 Asian and 162477 White/Europid singleton births, delivered between 37 and 42 weeks gestation to non-diabetic mothers delivered in the North West Thames Region of England. The standard Medical Research Council percentile charts, compared with the ethnically derived charts, identified fewer LCA Asian (7/56 vs 15/56) but more White/Europid infants (33/147 vs 21/147). When correcting for ethnicity more Asian than White/Europid GDM mothers delivered LCA infants (9/21 vs 3/26, chi(2) = 4.76, P < 0.05). The maternal 2 h OGTT plasma glucose was a significant independent contributor to birthweight in the Asian (r(2) = 0.319, p < 0.0005) but not the White/Europid infants, in whom gestational age and maternal height were significant independent contributors to birthweight (r(2) = 0.158, p < 0.0001). We conclude that ethnic influences are important when defining LGA infants and that mild disturbances of maternal glycaemia have a greater influence on the birthweight of Asian than White/Europid infants.
Care of the Infant of the Diabetic Mother; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) from all causes of diabetes is the most common medical complication of pregnancy and is increasing in incidence, particularly as type 2 diabetes continues to increase worldwide. Despite advances in perinatal care, infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) remain at risk for a multitude of physiologic, metabolic, and congenital complications such as preterm birth, macrosomia, asphyxia, respiratory distress, hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, hyperbilirubinemia, polycythemia and hyperviscosity, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, and congenital anomalies, particularly of the central nervous system. Overt type 1 diabetes around conception produces marked risk of embryopathy (neural tube defects, cardiac defects, caudal regression syndrome), whereas later in gestation, severe and unstable type 1 maternal diabetes carries a higher risk of intrauterine growth restriction, asphyxia, and fetal death. IDMs born to mothers with type 2 diabetes are more commonly obese (macrosomic) with milder conditions of the common problems found in IDMs. IDMs from all causes of GDM also are predisposed to later-life risk of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Care of the IDM neonate needs to focus on ensuring adequate cardiorespiratory adaptation at birth, possible birth injuries, maintenance of normal glucose metabolism, and close observation for polycythemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and feeding intolerance.
Evaluation of fetal cardiac functions in the setting of maternal diabetes: Application of the global spherical index, global strain and fractional area change by the speckle tracking technique; Objective: To evaluate ventricular contractility and profile heart deformations in fetuses of hyperglycemic mothers using the Speckle tracking imaging (STI). The fractional area change (FAC), global longitudinal strain (GLS) and global sphericity index (GSI) of the 4-chamber view (4-CV) were computed. Study Design: Dynamic 4-CV images of 60 fetuses exposed to maternal diabetes (MD) and 60 controls were retrospectively collected between 19 and 37 weeks of gestation. Speckle-tracking analysis was used to compute and compare GSI, GLS and FAC of the right ventricle (RV) and the left ventricle (LV) between the groups. By definition, GSI was the ratio of the epicardial basal-apical length in end-diastole (BAL) to the overall transverse length of RV and LV in end-diastole (TL). The FAC was calculated by dividing the difference between end-diastolic area and end-systolic area by the end-diastolic area. Similarly, the GLS of the RV and LV was obtained by dividing the difference between the endocardial length in end-systole and endocardial length in end-diastole to the endocardial length in end-diastole. Data for conventional echocardiographic parameters, standard biological measurements of fetus and maternal baseline characteristics were also recorded and compared between the groups. Linear regression analysis was performed to assess the association between age, BMI and the inter-ventricular septum thickness (IVST). Results: Gestational age at the time of examination did not differ significantly between the control and gestational diabetes group (p = 0.74). In fetuses exposed to MD, the thickness of the IVS was higher while the FAC of RV, GLS of RV and the GSI were all significantly lower. The FAC and global strain of LV generally decreased with progress in gestation but the difference between the two groups was not statistically significant. Conventional echocardiography in fetuses exposed to MD revealed a lower mitral E/A ratio and a larger myocardial performance index (MPI) of the RV and LV. Although the annular plane systolic excursion (MAPSE), tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) and septal annular plane systolic excursion (SAPSE) were also lower in this group, the difference was not statistically significant compared to fetuses of the control group. No regression relationship between age, BMI and IVST were noticed in any group. Conclusion: This study found that diastolic dysfunction among fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers is accompanied by global cardiac deformation and functional decrease of the RV in systole in the second and third trimester. The GSI, global strain and FAC acquired by SRI can be used as convenient and reliable quantitative parameters in the assessment of cardiac function in fetuses exposed to gestational diabetes. (C) 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Serum ceramides in early pregnancy as predictors of gestational diabetes; Ceramides contribute to the development of type 2 diabetes but it is uncertain whether they predict gestational diabetes (GDM). In this multicentre case-control study including 1040 women with GDM and 958 non-diabetic controls, early pregnancy (mean 10.7 gestational weeks) concentrations of four ceramides-Cer(d18:1/16:0), Cer(d18:1/18:0), Cer(d18:1/24:0) and Cer(d18:1/24:1)-were determined by a validated mass-spectrometric method from biobanked serum samples. Traditional lipids including total cholesterol, LDL, HDL and triglycerides were measured. Logistic and linear regression and the LASSO logistic regression were used to analyse lipids and clinical risk factors in the prediction of GDM. The concentrations of four targeted ceramides and total cholesterol, LDL and triglycerides were higher and HDL was lower among women with subsequent GDM than among controls. After adjustments, Cer(d18:1/24:0), triglycerides and LDL were independent predictors of GDM, women in their highest quartile had 1.44-fold (95% CI 1.07-1.95), 2.17-fold (95% CI 1.57-3.00) and 1.63-fold (95% CI 1.19-2.24) odds for GDM when compared to their lowest quartiles, respectively. In the LASSO regression modelling ceramides did not appear to markedly improve the predictive performance for GDM alongside with clinical risk factors and triglycerides. However, their adverse alterations highlight the extent of metabolic disturbances involved in GDM.
Interventions to Mitigate Risk of Cardiovascular Disease After Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes A Review; IMPORTANCE A growing body of evidence suggests that adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes (GD), preterm birth, and intrauterine growth restriction, are associated with increased risk of cardiometabolic disease and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. Adverse pregnancy outcomes may therefore represent an opportunity to intervene to prevent or delay onset of CVD. The objective of this review was to summarize the current evidence for targeted postpartum interventions and strategies to reduce CVD risk in women with a history of APOs. OBSERVATIONS A search of PubMed and Ovid for English-language randomized clinical trials, cohort studies, descriptive studies, and guidelines published from January 1, 2000, to April 30, 2021, was performed. Four broad categories of interventions were identified: transitional clinics, lifestyle interventions, pharmacotherapy, and patient and clinician education. Observational studies suggest that postpartum transitional clinics identify women who are at elevated risk for CVD and may aid in the transition to longitudinal primary care. Lifestyle interventions to increase physical activity and improve diet quality may help reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes in women with prior GD; less is known about women with other prior APOs. Metformin hydrochloride may prevent development of type 2 diabetes in women with prior GD. Evidence is lacking in regard to specific pharmacotherapies after other APOs. Cardiovascular guidelines endorse using a history of APOs to refine CVD risk assessment and guide statin prescription for primary prevention in women with intermediate calculated 10-year CVD risk. Research suggests a low level of awareness of the link between APOs and CVD among both patients and clinicians. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE These findings suggest that transitional clinics, lifestyle intervention, targeted pharmacotherapy, and clinician and patient education represent promising strategies for improving postpartum maternal cardiometabolic health in women with APOs; further research is needed to develop and rigorously evaluate these interventions. Future efforts should focus on strategies to increase maternal postpartum follow-up, improve accessibility to interventions across diverse racial and cultural groups, expand awareness of sex-specific CVD risk factors, and define evidence-based precision prevention strategies for this high-risk population.
What accounts for ethnic differences in newborn skinfold thickness comparing South Asians and White Caucasians? Findings from the START and FAMILY Birth Cohorts; OBJECTIVE: South Asians are a high-risk group for type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease. We sought to determine ethnic differences in newborn adiposity comparing South Asians (SA) to White Caucasians (Whites). METHODS: Seven hundred ninety pregnant women (401 SA, 389 Whites) and their full-term offspring from two birth cohorts in Canada were analyzed. Pregnant women completed a health assessment including a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test to assess for dysglycemia. Birthweight, length, waist and hip circumference, and triceps and subscapular skinfold thickness (a surrogate measure of body adiposity) were measured in all newborns. Multivariate regression was used to identify maternal factors associated with newborn skinfold measurements. RESULTS: South Asian women were younger (30.1 vs 31.8 years, P<0.001), their prepregnancy body mass index was lower (23.7 vs 26.2, P<0.0001) and gestational diabetes was substantially higher (21% vs 13%, P = 0.005) compared with Whites. Among full-term newborns, South Asians had lower birthweight (3283 vs 3517 g, P = 0.0001), had greater skinfold thickness (11.7 vs 10.6 mm; P = 0.0001) and higher waist circumference (31.1 vs 29.9 cm, P = 0.0001) compared with Whites. Risk factors for newborn skinfold thickness included South Asian ethnicity (standardized estimate (s.e.): 0.24; P<0.0001), maternal glucose (s.e.: 0.079; P = 0.04) and maternal body fat (s.e.: 0.14; P = 0.0002). CONCLUSIONS: South Asian newborns are lower birthweight and have greater skinfold thickness, compared with White newborns, and this is influenced by maternal body fat and glucose. Interventions aimed at reducing body fat prior to pregnancy and gestational diabetes during pregnancy in South Asians may favorably alter newborn body composition and require evaluation.
Age and Sex Influence Mitochondria and Cardiac Health in Offspring Exposed to Maternal Glucolipotoxicity; Infants of diabetic mothers are at risk of cardiomyopathy at birth and myocardial infarction in adulthood, but prevention is hindered because mechanisms remain unknown. We previously showed that maternal glucolipotoxicity increases the risk of cardiomyopathy andmortality in newborn rats through fuel-mediated mitochondrial dysfunction. Here we demonstrate ongoing cardiometabolic consequences by cross-fostering and following echocardiography, cardiomyocyte bioenergetics, mitochondria-mediated turnover, and cell death following metabolic stress in aged adults. Like humans, cardiac function improves by weaning with no apparent differences in early adulthood but declines again in aged diabetes-exposed offspring. This is preceded by impaired oxidative phosphorylation, exaggerated age-related increase in mitochondrial number, and higher oxygen consumption. Prenatally exposed male cardiomyocytes have more mitolysosomes indicating high baseline turnover; when exposed to metabolic stress, mitophagy cannot increase and cardiomyocytes have faster mitochondrial membrane potential loss and mitochondria-mediated cell death. Details highlight age- and sex-specific roles of mitochondria in developmentally programmed adult heart disease.
Importance of engaging obstetrician/gynecologists in cardiovascular disease prevention; Purpose of reviewTo review recent evidence regarding traditional and sex-specific factors identified among women during their reproductive years and their importance in lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD).Recent findingsLongitudinal studies demonstrated a woman's burden of risk during her reproductive years is associated with future risk of CVD. Similarly, women with a healthy lifestyle are relatively protected and have the lowest lifetime risk. Some primary prevention strategies, when implemented during this age window, were cost-effective. The link between pregnancy outcome and future CVD risk is now better understood, and evidence now relates pregnancy-associated hypertension and diabetes, as well as a preterm delivery or a low birth weight delivery, to excess risk. Gaps in preventive healthcare for women in this age group included low rates of treatment initiation for hypertension and failure to follow guidelines for diabetes surveillance among women with a history of gestational diabetes. Knowledge gaps for standard CVD prevention, as well as the link between pregnancy complications and future CVD risk, were identified among both primary care providers and obstetrician/gynecologists.SummaryTraditional and sex-specific risk factors for CVD present during women's reproductive years. Engaging the obstetrician/gynecologist provides a strategy to enhance prevention.
Maternal ophthalmic artery Doppler velocimetry in type 1 diabetes during pregnancy; Our purpose was to evaluate whether maternal ophthalmic artery pulsatility index (PI) in normotensive pregnancies with type 1 diabetes is different from that in normal normotensive pregnancies. The ophthalmic artery in 15 normal normotensive pregnant women, and 13 normotensive pregnant women with type 1 diabetes was studied once with colour Doppler flow imaging and pulsed Doppler ultrasonography after 16 weeks gestation. The heart rate, mean arterial blood pressure, and ophthalmic artery PI were calculated in each group. The PI (1.94 +/- 0.45) in normotensive pregnant women with type 1 diabetes was significantly lower than that (2.73 +/- 0.32) in normal normotensive pregnant women (P < 0.0001). There was no significant difference in maternal heart rate or mean arterial blood pressure between the two groups. These results suggest that vascular resistance in the maternal orbital circulation is reduced in pregnancies with type 1 diabetes that are normotensive, The lower PP in pregnant women with type I diabetes should be interpreted as orbital vascular vasodilatation, indicating orbital hyperperfusion or hyperaemia.
Medical and Obstetric Complications among Pregnant Women Aged 45 and Older; Objective: The number of women aged 45 and older who become pregnant is increasing. The objective of this study was to estimate the risk of medical and obstetric complications among women aged 45 and older. Methods: The Nationwide Inpatient Sample was used to identify pregnant woman during admission for delivery. Deliveries were identified using International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9-CM) codes. Using ICD-9-CM codes, preexisting medical conditions and medical and obstetric complications were identified in women at the time of delivery and were compared for women aged 45 years and older to women under age 35. Outcomes among women aged 35-44 were also compared to women under age 35 to determine if women in this group demonstrated intermediate risk between the older and younger groups. Logistic regression analyses were used to calculate odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals for pre-existing medical conditions and medical and obstetric complications for both older groups relative to women under 35. Multivariable logistic regression analyses were also developed for outcomes at delivery among older women, while controlling for pre-existing medical conditions, multiple gestation, and insurance status, to determine the effect of age on the studied outcomes. Results: Women aged 45 and older had higher adjusted odds for death, transfusion, myocardial infarction/ischemia, cardiac arrest, acute heart failure, pulmonary embolism, deep vein thrombosis, acute renal failure, cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, fetal demise, fetal chromosomal anomaly, and placenta previa compared to women under 35. Conclusion: Pregnant women aged 45 and older experience significantly more medical and obstetric complications and are more likely to die at the time of a delivery than women under age 35, though the absolute risks are low and these events are rare. Further research is needed to determine what associated factors among pregnant women aged 45 and older may contribute to these findings.
Role of Metformin in Women's Health: Review of Its Current Place in Clinical Practice and Emerging Indications for Future; Importance: Metformin, an oral antihyperglycemic drug, acts as an insulin sensitizer in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. It has also been widely used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and gestational diabetes mellitus. Although randomized clinical trials have failed to establish its superiority over other forms of treatment, metformin continues to be a treatment option in specific subgroups of women either alone or as an adjunct with other therapies in management of PCOS. Objective and Evidence Acquisition: This narrative review was conducted to assess the present role of metformin in management of clinical conditions related to women's health. A PubMed search was conducted using the following terms: "metformin," "polycystic," "ovary," "Women's," "health," "gestational," "diabetes," "cancer," and "fertility," and all relevant studies were evaluated for accumulation of evidence. Results and Conclusions: Metformin is used as a second-line drug for ovulation induction in women with PCOS who are resistant to clomiphene citrate. Metformin also forms one of the management options in women who need antiandrogen therapy without the need for contraception at the same time. Women with PCOS undergoing in vitro fertilization are likely to benefit from metformin therapy to reduce their risk of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome. Metformin alone or in combination with insulin has been reported to have similar safety and efficacy to insulin for the treatment of GDM. There is growing evidence that metformin may be associated with a decreased risk of developing cancers and improved response to chemotherapy. Target Audience: Obstetricians and gynecologists, family physicians Learning Objectives: After completing this CME activity, physicians should be better able to (1) describe the mechanism of action of metformin and common adverse effects associated with its use, (2) counsel women about the role of metformin in induction of ovulation and treatment of hyperandrogenemia in polycystic ovary syndrome, and (3) describe the role of metformin in management of gestational diabetes mellitus.
The Human Breast Milk Metabolome in Overweight and Obese Mothers; Pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) is a major relevance factor, since maternal overweight and obesity can impair the pregnancy outcome and represent risk factors for several neonatal, childhood, and adult conditions, including excessive weight gain, cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, and even behavioral disorders. Currently, breast milk (BM) composition in such category of mothers was not completely defined. In this field, metabolomics represents the ideal technology, able to detect the whole profile of low molecular weight molecules in BM. Limited information is available on human BM metabolites differences in overweight or obese compared to lean mothers. Analyzing all the metabolomics studies published on Medline in English language, this review evaluated the effects that 8 specific types of metabolites found altered by maternal overweight and obesity (nucleotide derivatives, 5-methylthioadenosine, sugar-alcohols, acylcarnitine and amino acids, polyamines, mono-and oligosaccharides, lipids) can exert on the risk of offspring obesity development and other potentially associated health outcomes and complications. However, metabolites variations in samples collected from overweight and obese mothers and the potentially correlated effects highlighted below still need further investigations and should be confirmed in future metabolomics studies on larger samples. Finally, the positive or negative influence of maternal overweight and obesity on the offspring, potentially exerted by breastfeeding, should be analyzed in close correlation with maternal age, genetic and environmental factors, including diet, and taking into account the interactions occurring between BM metabolites and lactobiome. The evaluation of all the factors affecting BM metabolites in overweight and obese mothers can lead to the comprehensive description of such biofluid and the related effects on breastfed subjects, potentially highlighting personalized needs of BM supplementation or short- and long-term prevention strategies to optimize offspring health.
Trends and burden of diabetes in pregnancy among Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal mothers in Western Australia, 1998-2015; Background Diabetes in pregnancy (DIP), which includes pre-gestational and gestational diabetes, is more prevalent among Aboriginal women. DIP and its adverse neonatal outcomes are associated with diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the offspring. This study investigated the impact of DIP on trends of large for gestational age (LGA) in Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal populations, and added to the limited evidence on temporal trends of DIP burden in these populations. Methods We conducted a retrospective cohort study that included all births in Western Australia between 1998 and 2015 using linked population health datasets. Time trends of age-standardised and crude rates of pre-gestational and gestational diabetes were estimated in Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal mothers. Mixed-effects multivariable logistic regression was used to estimate the association between DIP and population LGA trends over time. Results Over the study period, there were 526,319 births in Western Australia, of which 6.4% were to Aboriginal mothers. The age-standardised annual rates of pre-gestational diabetes among Aboriginal mothers rose from 4.3% in 1998 to 5.4% in 2015 and remained below 1% in non-Aboriginal women. The comparable rates for gestational diabetes increased from 6.7 to 11.5% over the study period in Aboriginal women, and from 3.5 to 10.2% among non-Aboriginal mothers. LGA rates in Aboriginal babies remained high with inconsistent and no improvement in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes and pre-gestational diabetes, respectively. Regression analyses showed that DIP explained a large part of the increasing LGA rates over time in Aboriginal babies. Conclusions There has been a substantial increase in the burden of pre-gestational diabetes (Aboriginal women) and gestational diabetes (Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal) in recent decades. DIP appears to substantially contribute to increasing trends in LGA among Aboriginal babies.
Long-term Neurobehavioral and Metabolic Outcomes in Offspring of Mothers With Diabetes During Pregnancy: A Large, Population-Based Cohort Study in Ontario, Canada; OBJECTIVE Offspring of women with diabetes are at increased risk of developing neurobehavioral and cardiometabolic disorders, but there is scant evidence regarding the association between glycemic level during pregnancy and these long-term offspring outcomes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We conducted a population-based, cohort study of deliveries in Ontario between April 1991 and March 2018. Women had preexisting diabetes, gestational diabetes, or no diabetes. We applied a Cox proportional hazard model to examine the risk of developing attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder (ASD), and cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring and assessed the association between pregnancy HbA1c levels and risk of outcomes, adjusting for confounders. RESULTS A total of 3,407,961 mother-infant pairs were followed up to 29 years. Using a Cox proportional hazard model, offspring of women with type 1 diabetes had the highest risk of ADHD (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 1.43 [95% CI 1.36-1.49]), ASD (aHR 1.94 [1.80-2.09]), diabetes (aHR 4.73 [4.34-5.16]), hypertension (aHR 2.32 [2.07-2.61]), and cardiovascular disease (CVD) (aHR 1.72 [1.56-1.90]), followed by offspring of women with type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes compared with those unexposed. Among women with preexisting diabetes, there was an association between level of pregnancy HbA1c and offspring diabetes (aHR 1.22 [95% CI 1.12-1.32]), hypertension (aHR 1.42 [1.29-1.57]), and CVD (aHR 1.20 [1.11-1.29]) but no statistically significant association with neurobehavioral outcomes. CONCLUSIONS In utero exposure to maternal diabetes was associated with an increase in ADHD, ASD, and cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring, with differences seen across diabetes subtypes. Pregnancy glycemia was associated with cardiometabolic outcomes, but not neurobehavioral outcomes, and provides a potentially modifiable risk factor to decrease cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring.
The impact of insulin resistance on proinsulin secretion in pregnancy - Hyperproinsulinemia is not a feature of gestational diabetes; OBJECTIVE - Excessive secretion of the insulin precursor proinsulin, as manifested by an increased serum proinsulin-to-insulin ratio, has been associated with beta-cell dysfunction. In women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), previous studies of the proinsulin-to-insulin ratio have yielded conflicting results, despite the presence of beta-cell dysfunction. The interpretation of the proinsulin-to-insulin ratio, however, may be confounded by the variable effects of hepatic insulin extraction. Thus, we sought to determine whether GDM is characterized by relative hyperproinsulinemia as measured by the proinsulin-to-C-peptide ratio, an alternate measure of proinsulin secretion that is not affected by hepatic insulin extraction. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Serum proinsulin, C-peptide, and insulin were measured in a cross-sectional study of 180 women undergoing oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) in the late second or early third trimester. Based on the OGTT, participants were stratified into three groups: 1) normal glucose tolerance (NGT; n = 93), 2) impaired glucose tolerance (IGT; n = 39), and 3) GDM (n = 48). Insulin sensitivity (IS) was measured Using the lS(OGTT) index of Matsuda and DeFronzo, which has been previously validated in pregnant women. RESULTS - There were no significant differences in mean fasting proinsulin-to-C-peptide ratio between the three glucose tolerance groups (NGT, 0.024; IGT, 0.022; GDM, 0.019; P = 0.4). Furthermore, adjustment for age, weeks' gestation, prepregnancy BMI, ethnicity, previous GDM, and family history of diabetes did not reveal any association between the proinsulin-to-C-peptide ratio and glucose tolerance status. Using Spearman univariate correlation analysis, fasting proinsulin-to-C-peptide ratio was significantly correlated with ISOGTT (r = 0.29, P < 0.0001) and inversely related to the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (r = -0.36, P < 0.0001) and prepregnancy BMI (r = -0.23, P < 0.005). On multiple linear regression analysis, ISOGTT emerged as the strongest independent correlate of the dependent variable proinsulin-to-C-peptide ratio. Furthermore, after adjustment for potential covariates, a stepwise decrease in proinsulin-to-C-peptide ratio was observed per decreasing tertile of ISOGTT (trend P = 0.0019), consistent with enhanced efficiency of proinsulin processing (i.e., reduced proinsulin-to-C-peptide ratio) as insulin resistance increases. CONCLUSIONS - GDM is not independently associated with hyperproinsulinemia as measured by the proinsulin-to-C-peptide ratio. Instead, in pregnant women, increased insulin resistance is associated with decreased proinsulin-to-C-peptide ratio, independently of glucose tolerance status. These data suggest that relative proinsulin secretion in late pregnancy is primarily related to insulin resistance and does not necessarily reflect beta-cell function.
Predicting Women's Future Cardiovascular Health from Pregnancy Complications; The first reports on the association between pregnancy history and later life cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in women appeared more than a decade ago. Preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, diabetes; and adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as preterm birth, having a small-for gestational age infant, a spontaneous abortion or a stillbirth have subsequently been linked to an increased maternal CVD-risk. Since 2011, the American Heart Association recommends taking a pregnancy history as part of cardiovascular risk assessment and recommends the referral of women with previous pregnancy complications for cardiovascular risk monitoring. It is, however, not yet firmly established if the pregnancy risk factors add to the cardiovascular risk assessment above and beyond traditional CVD-risk factors and if they act through other mechanistic pathways than those measured by classical cardiovascular risk factors.
A narrative review of exercise dose during pregnancy; The current recommendations for prenatal exercise dose align with those from the American College of Sports Medicine; 150 min of moderate intensity every week of pregnancy. However, recent works suggest there may be a dose-dependent beneficial effect for mother and offspring; maternal and offspring health outcomes respond differently to low, medium, and high doses of prenatal exercise. It is, therefore, our aim to summarize the published evidence (years 1950-2023) for five metrics of prenatal exercise training commonly reported, that is, "FITT-V": Frequency (number of sessions), Intensity (metabolic equivalents "METs"), Time (duration of sessions), Type (exercise mode), Volume (exercise MET*mins). The target audience includes clinicians and health care professionals, as well as exercise professionals and physiologists. Data suggest that moderate exercise frequency (3-4 times weekly) appears safe and efficacious for mother and offspring, while there is contradictory evidence for the safety and further benefit of increased frequency beyond 5 sessions per week. Moderate (3-6 METs) and vigorous (>6 METs) intensity prenatal exercise have been shown to promote maternal and offspring health, while little research has been performed on low-intensity (<3 METs) exercise. Exercise sessions lasting less than 1 hr are safe for mother and fetus, while longer-duration exercise should be carefully considered and monitored. Taken together, aerobic, resistance, or a combination of exercise types is well tolerated at medium-to-high volumes and offers a variety of type-specific benefits. Still, research is needed to define (1) the "minimum" effective dose of exercise for mother and offspring health, as well as (2) the maximum tolerable dose from which more benefits may be seen. Additionally, there is a lack of randomized controlled trials addressing exercise doses during the three trimesters of pregnancy. Further, the protocols adopted in research studies should be more standardized and tested for efficacy in different populations of gravid women.
The Role of Vitamin D and Its Molecular Bases in Insulin Resistance, Diabetes, Metabolic Syndrome, and Cardiovascular Disease: State of the Art; In the last decade, an increasing awareness was directed to the role of Vitamin D in non-skeletal and preventive roles for chronic diseases. Vitamin D is an essential hormone in regulating calcium/phosphorous balance and in the pathogenesis of inflammation, insulin resistance, and obesity. The main forms of vitamin D, Cholecalciferol (Vitamin D3) and Ergocalciferol (Vitamin D2) are converted into the active form (1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D) thanks to two hydroxylations in the liver, kidney, pancreas, and immune cells. Some anti-inflammatory cytokines are produced at higher levels by vitamin D, while some pro-inflammatory cytokines are released at lower levels. Toll-Like Receptor (TLR) expression is increased, and a pro-inflammatory state is also linked to low levels of vitamin D. Regardless of how it affects inflammation, various pathways suggest that vitamin D directly improves insulin sensitivity and secretion. The level of vitamin D in the body may change the ratio of pro- to anti-inflammatory cytokines, which would impact insulin action, lipid metabolism, and the development and function of adipose tissue. Many studies have demonstrated an inverse relationship between vitamin D concentrations and pro-inflammatory markers, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, metabolic syndrome, obesity, and cardiovascular disease. It is interesting to note that several long-term studies also revealed an inverse correlation between vitamin D levels and the occurrence of diabetes mellitus. Vitamin D supplementation in people has controversial effects. While some studies demonstrated improvements in insulin sensitivity, glucose, and lipid metabolism, others revealed no significant effect on glycemic homeostasis and inflammation. This review aims to provide insight into the molecular basis of the relationship between vitamin D, insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, type 1 and 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases.
Contemporary clinical updates on the prevention of future cardiovascular disease in women who experience adverse pregnancy outcomes; Adverse pregnancy outcomes including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes are significant causes of maternal mortality. There is substantial evidence of an association between adverse events during pregnancy and long-term maternal cardiovascular risk. It is therefore important to understand the role of risk modification prior to, during, and after pregnancy to reduce adverse outcomes. These efforts include risk assessment, routine screening for cardiovascular risk factors, and potential pharmacotherapeutic risk reduction. In this manuscript, we aim to highlight the current evidence in the areas of cardiovascular risk assessment and risk modification, and the role for potential risk reduction therapies before, during, and after pregnancy.
International recommandations on physical exercise for pregnant women; Benefits of physical exercise on the physical and psychological health lead to specifics guidelines during pregnancy. For pregnant women, to take part in aerobics exercise (walking, biking) (i.e. 30 minutes, three times per week at 60-90% of the maximal heart rate) and strength training (i.e. one to two times per week) is recommended. Physical exercise programs during pregnancy have shown benefits for preventing and treating complications pregnancy (e.g. gestational diabetes mellitus, overweight). Benefits of exercise and risks associated with sedentary should be widely diffused among pregnant women and prenatal caregivers. (C) 2014 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Anthropometry and cardiovascular risk factors in women and offspring after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus; Objective. To explore whether there are any differences in cardiovascular risk factors, including anthropometrics, blood pressure and serum glucose between women and offspring after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus, compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. Design. Longitudinal follow-up of mother and child previously recruited to a pregnancy biobank in Norway. Setting. University hospital. Population. Women with a history of preeclampsia (n = 23), gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 12), diabetes mellitus type 1 (n = 11), or controls (n = 17), and their respective child were recruited 5-8 years after the index pregnancy. Methods. Anthropometrics and blood pressures were measured in mother and child. All non-diabetic women underwent an oral glucose challenge test. Main outcome measures. Body mass index, waist circumference, waist to hip ratio, serum glucose, systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Results. Women in the preeclampsia and diabetes mellitus groups had a slightly higher median systolic blood pressure (p < 0.05), and were more often abdominally obese (waist circumference >= 88 cm) compared with controls (p < 0.05). A waist to hip ratio >= 0.85 was more common in the diabetes group compared to the controls (p < 0.01). Fasting serum glucose was higher in the gestational diabetes mellitus group (p < 0.05) compared to controls. A higher proportion of children of mothers with diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia were overweight or obese compared to controls, but the difference was not statistically significant. Conclusions. This clinical study has identified several modifiable risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women and children 5-8 years after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus. Potential intervention strategies could focus on life style alterations after delivery, with emphasis on weight management.
Risk factors for transposition of the great arteries in Saudi population; Objectives: To assess potential risk factors and their effect on the development of transposition of the great arteries (TGA). Methods: A retrospective case-control study of all patients diagnosed with TGA between 1999 to 2016 at King Abdulaziz Medical City, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Age and gender-matched controls were selected. Risk factors, including consanguinity, gestational diabetes, family history of congenital heart disease, parental age, and maternal parity, were collected. Regression modeling was used to analyze the effects of risk factors on the development of TGA. Results: A total of 206 patients with transposition of the great arteries were enrolled in the study. Transposition of the great arteries cases were divided into simple and complex TGA. Selected healthy controls were 446. In the studied cases, consanguinity was found in 95 (46%) of cases, gestational diabetes was diagnosed in 36 (17.5%) mothers, and 35 (17%) had a confirmed family history of congenital heart disease. When risk factors of the cases were compared to the controls, consanguinity, gestational diabetes, maternal age, and parity were found to significantly increase the incidence of TGA. Conclusion: Our study revealed significant risk factors for the development of transposition of great arteries including first degree consanguineous marriages, gestational diabetes, family history of congenital cardiac anomalies, and increasing maternal age and parity. These factors increased the risk by at least 2 folds.
Evaluating the Postpartum Maternal Health Clinic: How Patient Characteristics Predict Follow-Up; Objective: At Kingston General Hospital, women who have pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators (e.g., preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes) are offered standardized six-month postpartum follow-up for cardiovascular disease risk screening and counselling. We sought to assess how patient characteristics predict attendance at follow-up. Methods: We undertook a chart review of 650 patients who delivered between April 2011 and December 2014 and had preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, or gestational diabetes. Logistic regression was used to analyze the relationship between clinical and demographic variables and attendance at the follow-up clinic. Results: Increasing age (in years) was significantly correlated with attendance at follow-up (adjusted OR [aOR] 1.08, 95% CI 1.04 to 1.12). Women who had preeclampsia were significantly more likely to attend than women who had gestational hypertension or gestational diabetes (aOR 1.54, 95% CI 1.05 to 2.26). Women who were known to be non-smokers or whose smoking status was not recorded were significantly more likely to attend follow-up (aOR 2.47, 95% CI 1.32 to 4.62). There was a trend towards lower follow-up for women from census tracts or subdivisions with a greater proportion of individuals without educational certificate, diploma, or degree, but this was not statistically significant (aOR 0.10, 95% CI 0.01 to 1.22). Conclusion: There is significant selection bias among women who attend follow-up for postpartum cardiovascular disease risk screening and counselling after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, or gestational diabetes. Copyright (C) 2016 The Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada/La Societe des obstetriciens et gynecologues du Canada. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Renal Allograft Function and Cardiovascular Risk in Recipients of Kidney Transplantation After Successful Pregnancy; Successful pregnancy is one of the better indicators of quality of life for women who are of child-bearing age with restored fertility after kidney transplantation. Our objective was to evaluate whether pregnancy represented a risk factor for worsening of renal function or for cardiovascular disease among renal transplant recipients. From 1976 to 2007, we followed 30 successful pregnancies in 27 renal recipients in our hospital; three women had two twin gestations. We compared this population with 27 women with renal transplants who were not pregnant. They were of similar ages at transplantation (pregnant 31.1 +/- 5.4 years vs not pregnant 31.3 +/- 5.4 years, P = NS) and similar evolution time between kidney transplantation and pregnancy (51.5 +/- 36 months vs 47.2 +/- 41 months respective; P = NS). There were no acute rejection episodes or graft losses. Renal function measured by serum creatinine and MDRD4 at the end of pregnancy was lower among the pregnant compared with the control group: mainly, 1.1 +/- 0.2 mg/dL versus 0.9 +/- 0.2 mg/dL (P = .05), and 66 +/- 20 mL/min/1.73 M 2 versus 80 26 mL/min/1.73 m(2) (p = .03). At 1 and 10 years, renal function was similar among the groups. Ten pregnant women developed preeclampsia (37%) and three, gestational diabetes mellitus (11%). There was one major cardiovascular event (4%; acute myocardial infarction) among the pregnant group, whereas there were two in the control group (7.4%; stroke and severe hypertensive retinopathy). One death occurred in each group secondary to cardiovascular complications. Our results showed that successful pregnancy after renal transplantation did not represent a long-term risk factor to worsen renal function and or produce severe cardiovascular complications. Therefore, pregnancy should be promoted. for young women with renal transplants that show excellent function.
Early life programming of health and disease: The long-term consequences of obesity in pregnancy; The prevalence of overweight and obesity is rising in all parts of the world and, among young women, it presents a very clear danger during pregnancy. Women who are overweight or who gain excessive weight during pregnancy are at greater risk of complications in pregnancy and labour, and are more likely to lose their child to stillbirth or die themselves during pregnancy. This narrative review considers the evidence that, in addition to increasing risk of poor pregnancy outcomes, obesity has the capacity to programme foetuses to be at greater risk of cardiometabolic disorders later in life. An extensive body of evidence from prospective and retrospective cohorts, as well as record linkage studies, demonstrates associations of maternal obesity and/or gestational diabetes with cardiovascular disease, as well as type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Studies in animals suggest that these associations are underpinned by adaptations that occur in foetal life, which remodel the structures of major organs, including the brain, kidney and pancreas.
Insulin resistance and preeclampsia; Insulin resistance syndrome is a cluster of physiologic abnormalities including hyperinsulinemia and glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia, and hypertension. Patients with this cluster of physiologic disturbances are at increased risk for stroke, renal failure, and heart disease. Insulin resistance is the causal mechanism of gestational diabetes and may be involved in the pathogenesis of preeclampsia. Implications of diagnosing a population that may be at future risk for stroke and heart disease are discussed, along with therapeutic strategies that may decrease long-term complications in this group.
Genetics of diabetes; Diabetes mellitus is a complicated disease characterized by a complex interplay of genetic, epigenetic, and environmental variables. It is one of the world's fastest growing diseases, with 783 million adults expected to be affected by 2045. Devastating macrovascular consequences (cerebrovascular disease, cardiovascular disease, and peripheral vascular disease) and microvascular complications (like retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy) increase mortality, blindness, kidney failure, and overall quality of life in individuals with diabetes. Clinical risk factors and glycemic management alone cannot predict the development of vascular problems; multiple genetic investigations have revealed a clear hereditary component to both diabetes and its related complications. In the twenty-first century, technological advancements (genome-wide association studies, next generation sequencing, and exome-sequencing) have led to the identification of genetic variants associated with diabetes, however, these variants can only explain a small proportion of the total heritability of the condition. In this review, we address some of the likely explanations for this "missing heritability", for diabetes such as the significance of uncommon variants, gene-environment interactions, and epigenetics. Current discoveries clinical value, management of diabetes, and future research directions are also discussed.
Early events as conditioning factors of neurodegenerative diseases; Clinical studies suggest that obstetric complications are related to the development of functional alterations in the central nervous system of an adult. An established hypothesis suggests that neurodegenerative diseases would be associated to a process initiated by early oxidative stress. Then, using different experimental models, early changes that may occur during pregnancy or at the perinatal period related to behavioral or cognitive disorders described in neurodegenerative diseases are identified. Using the model of perinatal asphyxia without affecting the survival of the individual, changes in neostriatum and hippocampus synapses, such as increased protein aggregation and ubiquitination as well as changes in the actin content have been described. On the other hand, in the retina, alterations of nitric oxide synthase were also observed. Similar results were reproduced in vitro using organotypic cultures where the brain structures and connections between different nuclei are preserved. In a third model, induction of gestational diabetes (GD) has shown significant alterations in the intracellular signaling pathways involved in the embryonic brain related to programmed cell death. In this model, we are currently evaluating the effects of GD on the levels of liver X receptors and their possible relationship with the expression of Alzheimer disease.
Cardiovascular Disease and Risk Factors in Individuals With a History of Out-of-home Care; BACKGROUND Exposure to childhood out-of-home care (foster family and residential care) is associated with an increased risk of ill-health and disability in adulthood, but the risk for cardiovascular disease has not previously been studied longitudinally.METHODS This was a national cohort study generated from linkage of a range of population-based registers, resulting in a national cohort of 881 731 of whom 26 310 (3.0%) had a history of out-of-home care. The study population, born 1972 to 1981, was followed from age 18 to age 39 to 48 years for hospitalizations and death.RESULTS After adjusting for year of birth and maternal education, individuals with a history of childhood out-of-home-care experienced a doubling of the risk for coronary disease (hazard ratio; 95% confidence interval: 2.05; 1.74-2.41) and stroke (hazard ratio 1.85; 1.59-2.15), compared with the general population, with similar estimates for men and women. Women with a history of out-of-home care had a more than doubled risk for cigarette smoking in early pregnancy, with a relative risk of 2.26; (2.18-2.34) and a moderately increased risk for gestational diabetes relative risk 1.49 (1.19-1.86). There was marked attenuation (40% to 90%) in effect estimates for disease and risk factors after further control for cohort members educational achievement at age 15-16 years.CONCLUSIONS A history of childhood out-of-home care was associated with a doubled risk of early cardiovascular disease events. Cigarette smoking and educational underachievement were the main identified risk factors.
Effect of type 1 diabetes during pregnancy and lactation on neonatal hypoxia-ischemia injury and apoptotic gene expression; ObjectiveHypoxia-ischemia (HI) is one of the major disorders that causes a variety of abnormalities and infant mortality. Type 1 diabetes is one of the most common worldwide metabolic disorders, and its prevalence has become one of the public health concerns of the 21st century. This study aims to evaluate the effect of type 1 diabetes during pregnancy and lactation on vulnerability to neonatal HI in rats. Materials and methodsFemale Wistar rats (weighing 200 +/- 220 g) were randomly assigned into two groups: Group 1 (rats that received 0.5 mL/day of normal saline solution) and Group 2 (type 1 diabetes was induced in rats on the second day of pregnancy with a single dose of intraperitoneal injection of alloxan monohydrate [150 mg/kg]). After delivery, offspring were divided into four groups: (a) Control (Co), (b) Diabetic (DI), (c) Hypoxia-ischemia (HI), (d) HI + Diabetic (HI + DI). Seven days after HI induction, neurobehavioral tests were performed, and then cerebral edema, infarct volume, inflammatory factors, Bax-Bcl2 expression, and oxidative stress were measured. ResultsThe BAX level in the DI + HI (p = 0.0355) group was significantly higher than the HI group. The Bcl-2 expression levels in the HI (p = 0.0027) and DI + HI (p < 0.0001) groups were significantly lower than the DI group. Total antioxidant capacity (TAC) levels in the DI + HI (p < 0.0001) group were significantly lower than HI and CO groups. TNF-alpha, CRP, and total oxidant status (TOS) levels in the DI + HI (p < 0.0001) group were significantly higher than the HI group. Infarct volume and cerebral edema in the DI + HI (p < 0.0001) group were significantly higher than the HI group. ConclusionAccording to the results, type 1 diabetes during pregnancy and lactation increased the destructive effects of HI injury in pups. It also decreased the expression of the anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 and increased the expression BAX apoptosis factor gene in pups.
THE HEMOSTATIC PARAMETERS IN PREGNANT WOMEN WITH DIFFERENT TYPES OF DIABETES MELLITUS; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of diabetes mellitus (DM) in pregnancy is on the rise. Despite that gestational hypercoagulability is a physiological condition, diabetic pregnancy is associated with a high risk of venous thromboembolic complications (VTEC). There are many surveys related to the hemostatic parameters in non-pregnant women, but studies in pregnant women are not enough. AIMS: To assess the coagulation and vascular-platelet hemostasis parameters in pregnant women with various types of diabetes mellitus, taking into account its correction method. The data were compared with these indicators in women with preeclampsia and healthy pregnant women at the same gestational age. MATERIALS AND METHODS: An observational, single-center, retrospective cohort study was carried out at D.O. Ott Research Institute of Obstetrics, Gynecology, and Reproductive Medicine. The study included 1994 pregnant women who presented several groups taking into account the type of DM and its correction method, a group of women with preeclampsia (PE), and healthy women. The analysis of clinical data was carried out at 28-32 gestational weeks from 2012 to 2017. The study's primary endpoint was taken as indicators of fibrinogen content, prothrombin index, thrombin time, activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT), and international normalized ratio (INR) antithrombin III, D-dimer, von Willebrand factor, and fibronectin. Additionally, the incidence of VTEC during pregnancy and within six weeks after delivery, gestational arterial hypertension, preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, premature birth, and stillbirth cases was assessed. RESULTS: in pregnant women with various types of diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia, a state of pathological hypercoagulation was observed compared to the control group. These changes were characterized by an increase and activation of the following blood parameters: fibrinogen, the degree and rate of platelet aggregation, D-dimer, homocysteine, von Willebrand factor, and fibronectin. At the same time, the content of antithrombin III was significantly reduced in patients with DM. Correlation analysis established a direct relationship between the range of the studied factors with the degree of glycemic control and the frequency of obstetric complications. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy is associated with a hypercoagulation condition and overexpression in the synthesis of endothelial dysfunction markers. Moreover, the severity of these processes depends on the type of DM and the severity of metabolic disorders. In diabetic pregnancy, exceptional attention to coagulation indicators, regular monitoring, and preventive treatment is required in order to improve the perinatal outcomes.
Metabolic syndrome in normal and complicated pregnancies; Objective: To evaluate the prevalence of metabolic syndrome and its components in normal and complicated pregnancies. Study design: Setting: university hospital, tertiary referral centre. Subjects: 90 pregnant women in four groups: 20 women with preeclampsia, 20 women with gestational hypertension, 30 women with late-onset gestational diabetes and 20 healthy pregnant women as a control group. Intervention: peripheral insulin resistance was measured by using the insulin tolerance test. Glucose, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, blood pressure and body mass index were analysed. Comparisons were done by Chi-squared test, one-way analysis of variance and the Bonferroni's test. Prevalence of the metabolic syndrome was calculated by adapting both the WHO and the NCEP definitions of the metabolic syndrome to pregnancy. Results: There were no cases of metabolic syndrome in the control group according to any of the adapted definitions. The prevalence of this syndrome was 3.3% and 10% in the late-onset gestational diabetes group, 35% and 20% in the gestational hypertension group and 30% and 30% in the preeclampsia group for the WHO and the NCEP definitions, respectively. Conclusions: Metabolic syndrome is present in about one-third of women with pregnancy-induced hypertension but only in 10% of women with late-onset gestational diabetes. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Preeclampsia and Risk of Developing Subsequent Diabetes; Objective: Determine whether preeclampsia is associated with developing diabetes. Methods: Subsequent diabetes was ascertained using ICD-9 codes, pharmacy and glucose data in a retrospective cohort study of 2,032 women with preeclampsia and 29,431 without preeclampsia. Results: During a median follow-up of 8.2 years, 342 women developed diabetes. Preeclampsia was associated with a higher risk of diabetes adjusting for age, primigravidity, and gestational diabetes (hazard ratio, HR 1.82, 95% CI 1.26, 2.62) and in women without gestational diabetes (n = 30,109; HR 1.86, 95% CI 1.22, 2.84). Conclusion: Women with preeclampsia have greater risk of developing diabetes, even in the absence of gestational diabetes.
Umbilical cord serum insulin-like growth factor-1 levels of infants of diabetic mothers are correlated with diastolic dysfunction detected by tissue Doppler echocardiography; Tissue Doppler echocardiography (TDI) is a convenient method to detect cardiac dysfunction in the infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Umbilical cord serum insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) is known to be higher in IDMs. We aimed to determine whether there is a relation between diastolic functions examined by TDI and cord serum IGF-1 levels of IDMs. Cord serum IGF-1 levels of 32 IDMs and 22 healthy infants were measured. The cardiac functions of the infants were evaluated by M-Mode and TDI. For statistical analysis, Mann-Whitney U and Spearman correlation tests were used for continuous variables, and the chi-square test was used for categorical variables. The cord serum IGF-1 levels of the IDMs were higher (p = 0.000). The left ventricle (LV) e', LVa', LV e'/a', and LV Tei index, indicating left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in IDMs, were detected (LV e' p = 0.016; LV a' p = 0.003; LV e'/ a' p = 0.000; LV Tei index p = 0.023). IDMs' cord serum IGF-1 levels were found weakly correlated with the interventricular septum (IVS) and left ventricle posterior wall (LVPW) thicknesses in M-Mode and LV e' and LV e'/a' in TDI (IVS r = 0.357, p = 0.008; LVPW r = 0.289, p = 0.034; LV e' r = 0.297, p = 0.029; LV e'/ a' r = 0.031, p = 0.014). Conclusion: To our knowledge, this is the first study to examine the relationship between cord serum IGF-1 levels and diastolic functions of IDMs assessed by TDI. A weak correlation was found between IGF-1 levels and IVS and LVPW thicknesses in M-Mode and LV e' and LV e'/a' parameters in TDI, revealing diastolic dysfunction in IDMs.
Liver-fat accumulation and insulin resistance in obese women with previous gestational diabetes; TIIKKAINEN, MIRJA, MARJO TAMMINEN, ANNA-MAIJA HAKKINEN, ROBERT BERGHOLM, SATU VEHKAVAARA, JUHA HALAVAARA, KARI TERAMO, AILA RISSANEN, AND HANNELE YKI-JARVINEN. Liver-fat accumulation and insulin resistance in obese women with previous gestational diabetes. Obes Res. 2002; 10:859-867. Objective: We determined whether fat accumulation in the liver is associated with features of insulin resistance independent of obesity. Research Methods and Procedures: We recruited 27 obese nondiabetic women in whom liver fat (LFAT) content was determined by proton spectroscopy, intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat by magnetic resonance imaging, and insulin sensitivity by the euglycemic insulin clamp technique. The women were divided based on their median LFAT content (5%) to groups with low (3.2 +/- 0.3%) and high (9.8 +/- 1.5%) liver fat. The groups were almost identical with respect to age (36 +/- 1 vs. 38 +/- 1 years in low vs. high-LFAT), body mass index (32.2 +/- 0.6 vs. 32.8 +/- 0.5 kg/m(2)), waist-to-hip ratio, intra-abdominal, subcutaneous, and total fat content. Results: Women with high LI7AT had features of insulin resistance including higher fasting serum triglyceride (1.93 +/- 0.21 vs. 1.11 +/- 0.09 mM, p < 0.01) and insulin (14 +/- 3 vs. 10 +/- 1 mU/L, p < 0.05) concentrations than women with low LFAT. The group with high LFAT also had higher 24-hour blood pressures, and lower whole-body insulin sensitivity compared with the low-LFAT group. Discussion: In obese women with previous gestational diabetes, LFAT, rather than any measure of body composition, is associated with features of insulin resistance.
Advances in Research on Adropin: Potential Implications for Clinical Diagnosis and Possible Treatment - A Mini-Review; Adropin is 76-amino acids protein. It was discovered in 2008. Adropin expression was found in the liver, brain, heart, kidneys, pancreas, testis and ovary, umbilical vein, coronary artery endothelial cells, aortic smooth muscle cells and monocytes/macrophages. Adropin is involved in energy balance, and it has an endothelial protective effect. Changes in adropin content have been found in many diseases and disorders, such as obesity, diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2, coronary artery disease, myocardial infarction, rheumatoid arthritis, primary Sj & ouml;gren's syndrome, multiple sclerosis, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovary syndrome and preeclampsia. This mini-review focuses on those papers that have potential implications for clinical diagnosis or possible treatment. It can be assumed that adropin can be useful in the diagnosis of certain diseases. It seems to be a promising candidate for the treatment of diabetes, atherosclerosis, polycystic ovary syndrome and diseases of the nervous system associated with cognitive decline.
Alpha-lipoic acid supplementation effects on serum values of some oxidative stress biomarkers in women with gestational diabetes; Aims Alpha-lipoic acid (ALA) is a unique antioxidant that can eradicate different kinds of free radicals. The current trial was designed to investigate the effects of ALA supplementation on some oxidative stress biomarkers in women with GDM. Materials and methods Sixty women with GDM at 24-28 weeks of pregnancy were selected and then they were divided into the drug (n = 30) received ALA 300 mg/day for 8 weeks and the placebo (n = 30) groups. Serum values of fasting blood sugar (FBS), thiol groups, glutathione, catalase, total antioxidant capacity (TAC), total oxidant status (TOS) and malondialdehyde (MDA) were measured. Values of the oxidative stress index (OSI), the MDA/TAC ratio and total antioxidant gap (TAG) were calculated. Results After the intervention values of FBS (p = .001), TAC (p < .001), OSI (p = .003), TAG (p = .001) and catalase (p < .001) were improved significantly in the drug group. Values of TOS (p = .070) and glutathione (p = .088) were improved marginally in the drug group. Conclusions The current study showed that ALA supplementation at a dosage of 300 mg/day in women with GDM had improving effects on maternal circulating values of FBS, TAC, OSI, TAG, TOS, glutathione and catalase.
Polycystic ovary syndrome in type 2 diabetes: does it predict a more severe phenotype?; Objective: To examine the prevalence of a history of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in women with type 2 diabetes (DM2) and to compare metabolic and reproductive outcomes between women with and without PCOS. Design: Cross-sectional study. Setting: Tertiary hospital. Patient(s): Female inpatients age 18-75 years with DM2. Intervention(s): A face-to-face questionnaire was administered. Main Outcome Measure(s): Age at diagnosis of diabetes, history of gestational diabetes, family history of diabetes, and reproductive history, fertility history, number of miscarriages, and morbidity in pregnancy. Result(s): One hundred seventy-one inpatients with DM2 participated. The prevalence of a history of PCOS was 37%. Women with PCOS had an earlier mean age of diagnosis of DM2 (44.2 vs. 48.8 years), higher recalled peak body mass index (BMI; 43.1 kg/m(2) vs. 36.8 kg/m(2)), higher rate of gestational diabetes (28% vs. 18%), and higher rate of hypertension in pregnancy (40% vs. 22%). Women with PCOS were less likely to have a family history of DM2 than those without PCOS (45% vs. 67%). Conclusion(s): A history of PCOS in women with DM2 is associated with earlier onset of DM2, higher BMI, and a more severe phenotype. Since PCOS subjects were less likely to have a family history of DM2, lack of a family history of DM2 in women with PCOS is not reassuring for DM2 risk. We recommend identifying PCOS in early life and intervening to reduce the risk of diabetes and its comorbidities and suboptimal reproductive outcomes. (Fertil Steril (R) 2016;106:1258-63. (C) 2016 by American Society for Reproductive Medicine.)
Pregnancy Complications and the Risk of Metabolic Syndrome for the Offspring; Metabolic syndrome is a growing problem globally, and is a contributor to non-communicable diseases such as type II diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The risk of developing specific components of the metabolic syndrome such as obesity, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, and elevated fasting blood sugar has been largely attributed to environmental stressors including poor nutrition, lack of exercise, and smoking. However, large epidemiologic cohorts and experimental animal models support the "developmental origins of adult disease" hypothesis, which posits that a significant portion of the risk for adult metabolic conditions is determined by exposures occurring in the perinatal period. Maternal obesity and the rate of complications during pregnancy such as preterm birth, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes continue to rise. As our ability to reduce perinatal morbidity and mortality improves the long-term metabolic consequences remain uncertain, pointing to the need for further research in this area.
Long-term sequelae of adverse pregnancy outcomes; A growing body of literature highlights the importance of recognizing adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) as cardiovascular risk factors when risk stratifying women for cardiovascular disease (CVD). We conducted a comprehensive review of the long term cardiovascular consequences associated with APOs including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), preterm delivery, gestational diabetes (GDM), low birth weight and fetal growth restriction during pregnancy using electronic databases, PubMed and the Cochrane Library. Women with pregnancies complicated by HDP, preterm birth, and low birth weight are at higher risk of developing CVD than were women without APOs in the years following pregnancy. Among women with a history of multiple APOs, HDP and GDM are independent risk factors for atherosclerotic CVD. The pathophysiology leading to CVD is multifactorial, and includes both physiologic and environmental factors. APOs should be accounted for in a women's CVD risk assessment and stratification as recommended by prevention guidelines. Further research is needed to determine the underlying mechanisms that lead to the increased risk of CVD in women with APOs.
The epidemiology of polycystic ovary syndrome - Prevalence and associated disease risk; When defined by anovulation and androgen excess, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects approximately 5% of women of reproductive age. This article reviews data on the epidemiology of PCOS, with a focus on associations between PCOS and several long-term disease risks. Present data strongly and consistently support increased risks for type 2 diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, and endometrial cancer, which appear to be independent of obesity. Some studies also suggest increased risks for hypertension, cardiovascular disease, gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and, possibly, ovarian cancer, although more information is needed. At present there are few data to support an increased risk for breast cancer in PCOS. Better understanding of disease risks associated with PCOS will require longterm, prospective follow-up of affected women and adjustment for associated obesity.
Ceramides during Pregnancy and Obstetrical Adverse Outcomes; Ceramides are a group of sphingolipids located in the external plasma membrane layer and act as messengers in cellular pathways such as inflammatory processes and apoptosis. Plasma ceramides are biomarkers of cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, Alzheimer's disease, various autoimmune conditions and cancer. During pregnancy, ceramides play an important role as stress mediators, especially during implantation, delivery and lactation. Based on the current literature, plasma ceramides could be potential biomarkers of obstetrical adverse outcomes, although their role in metabolic pathways under such conditions remains unclear. This review aims to present current studies that examine the role of ceramides during pregnancy and obstetrical adverse outcomes, such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and other complications.
Gestational diabetes induces alterations of sirtuins in fetal endothelial cells; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GDM) has long-term consequences for the offspring. Sirtuins (SIRTs) are associated with vascular and metabolic functions. We studied the impact of GDM on SIRT activity and expression in fetal endothelial colony-forming cells (ECFCs) and human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) from pregnancies complicated by GDM. METHODS: ECFCs and HUVECs were isolated from cord and cord blood of 10 uncomplicated pregnancies (NPs) and 10 GDM pregnancies. Nicotinamidadenindinukleotid (NAD(+)) concentration, SIRT1 and SIRT3 activity, transcription levels of SIRT1, SIRT3, and SIRT4, and protein levels of SIRT1, SIRT3, and SIRT4 were determined in vitro with or without SIRT activators resveratrol (RSV) and paeonol. RESULTS: Fetal ECFCs from GDM pregnancies showed a decreased NAD(+) concentration, reduced SIRT1 and SIRT3 activity, and lower transcription levels of SIRT1, SIRT3, and SIRT4. HUVECs from GDM pregnancies had decreased NAD(+) concentrations and transcription levels of SIRT1 and SIRT4. RSV markedly enhanced the expression and activity of SIRTs in ECFCs and HUVECs, while paeonol was active only in ECFCs. CONCLUSION: A reduction of SIRT activity and expression in fetal endothelial Cells provides potential mechanistic insights into the pathophysiology of long-term cardiovascular complications observed in the offspring of GDM pregnancies. SIRT activators can increase SIRT activity in ECFCs, which opens perspectives for new therapeutic targets.
Metformin Should Not Be Used to Treat Prediabetes; Based on the results of the Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study (DPPOS), in which metformin significantly decreased the development of diabetes in individuals with baseline fasting plasma glucose (FPG) concentrations of 110-125 vs. 100-109 mg/dL (6.1-6.9 vs. 5.6-6.0 mmol/L) and A1C levels 6.0-6.4% (42-46 mmol/mol) vs. <6.0% and in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, it has been suggested that metformin should be used to treat people with prediabetes. Since the association between prediabetes and cardiovascular disease is due to the associated nonglycemic risk factors in people with prediabetes, not to the slightly increased glycemia, the only reason to treat with metformin is to delay or prevent the development of diabetes. There are three reasons not to do so. First, approximately two-thirds of people with prediabetes do not develop diabetes, even after many years. Second, approximately one-third of people with prediabetes return to normal glucose regulation. Third, people who meet the glycemic criteria for prediabetes are not at risk for the microvascular complications of diabetes and thus metformin treatment will not affect this important outcome. Why put people who are not at risk for the microvascular complications of diabetes on a drug (possibly for the rest of their lives) that has no immediate advantage except to lower subdiabetes glycemia to even lower levels? Rather, individuals at the highest risk for developing diabetes-i.e., those with FPG concentrations of 110-125 mg/dL (6.1-6.9 mmol/L) or A1C levels of 6.0-6.4% (42-46 mmol/mol) or women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus-should be followed closely and metformin immediately introduced only when they are diagnosed with diabetes.
Trauma and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder as Important Risk Factors for Gestational Metabolic Dysfunction; Gestational metabolic diseases adversely impact the health of pregnant persons and their offspring. Pregnant persons of color are impacted disproportionately by gestational metabolic disease, highlighting the need to identify additional risk factors contributing to racial-ethnic pregnancy-related health disparities. Trauma exposure and posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) are associated with increased risk for cardiometabolic disorders in nonpregnant persons, making them important factors to consider when identifying contributors to gestational metabolic morbidity and mortality health disparities. Here, we review current literature investigating trauma exposure and posttraumatic stress disorder as psychosocial risk factors for gestational metabolic disorders, inclusive of gestational diabetes, low birth weight and fetal growth restriction, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. We also discuss the physiological mechanisms by which trauma and PTSD may contribute to gestational metabolic disorders. Ultimately, understanding the biological underpinnings of how trauma and PTSD, which disproportionately impact people of color, influence risk for gestational metabolic dysfunction is critical to developing therapeutic interventions that reduce complications arising from gestational metabolic disease. Key Points Gestational metabolic diseases disproportionately impact the health of pregnant persons of color. Trauma and PTSD are associated with increased risk for cardiometabolic disorders in nonpregnant per. Trauma and PTSD impact physiological cardiometabolic mechanisms implicated in gestational metabolic.
Cardio-Obstetric Care from Preconception through Postpartum; Coordinated preconception through postpartum cardio-obstetrics care is necessary to optimize both maternal and fetal health. Maternal mortality in the United States is increasing, largely driven by increasing CV disease burden during pregnancy, and needs to be addressed emergently. Both for women with congenital and acquired heart disease, CV complications during pregnancy are associated with increased future risk of CV disease. Comprehensive cardio-obstetrics care is a powerful way of ensuring that women's CV risks before and during pregnancy are appropriately identified and treated and that they remain engaged in CV care long term to prevent future CV complications.
Emerging functions and significance of circCDYL in human disorders; Circular RNAs (circRNAs) are a group of non-coding transcripts in which a loop structure is shaped via a back splicing procedure. They have central roles in the regulation of gene expression. hsa_circ_0008285, alternatively named as circCDYL, is a circular RNA originated from the exon 4 of CDYL gene. It is produced by a back-splice incident and is mainly located in the cytoplasm. It has no internal ribosome entry site, open reading frame and intronic sequences. CircCDYL dysregulation has been reported in the malignant conditions including multiple myeloma, mantle cell lymphoma, breast cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, Wilms tumor, bladder cancer, colon cancer, and hepatocellular carcinoma. It also has an emerging role in the pathophysiology of non-malignant conditions including myocardial infarction, gestational diabetes mellitus, membranous nephropathy, and abdominal aortic aneurysm. In the current study, we summarize the emerging roles of circCDYL in malignant and non-malignant conditions.
Maternal gut microbiota displays minor changes in overweight and obese women with GDM; Background and aims: Previous literature have shown a diversity of findings regarding the relationship between the maternal gut microbiota and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We investigated the gut microbiota of overweight and obese women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) against matched euglycaemic women at 16 and 28-weeks' gestation. Methods and results: This study included women from the SPRING (Study of PRobiotics IN Gestational diabetes) cohort. Overweight and obese women with no impaired glucose tolerance or impaired fasted glucose were enrolled prior to gestational age <16 weeks. Participants with a diagnosis of GDM (n = 29) were matched with euglycaemic (n = 29) women for body mass index, probiotic or placebo intervention, maternal age, parity and ethnicity. Anthropometric, clinical and fecal microbiota (16S rRNA amplicon-based sequencing of V6-V8 region) data was assessed at 16 and 28-weeks' gestation. The relative abundances of key bacterial genera were not significantly altered between euglycaemic women and women with GDM. Occurrence of bacterial taxa was similar between groups at both timepoints. GDM was associated with decreased Shannon diversity (p = 0.02) without differentiated clustering measured by beta diversity at 28weeks' gestation. Conclusions: Overweight and obese women with GDM demonstrate minor variation in the gut microbiota at 16 and 28-weeks' gestation compared with matched euglycaemic women. This study expands on previous literature concluding the microbiota does not likely have a diseasespecific characterisation in GDM. (c) 2021 Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University.
Association of number of live births with left ventricular structure and function. The Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA); Background Pregnancy is associated with marked maternal cardiovascular/hemodynamic changes. A greater number of pregnancies may be associated with long-term subclinical changes in left ventricular (LV) remodeling. Methods Among 2,234 white, black, Hispanic, and Chinese women (mean age 62 years) in the MESA, we used linear regression to relate live births and cardiac magnetic resonance imaging LV measures. Covariates included age, ethnicity, height, income, education, birth country, smoking, menopause, and oral contraceptive duration. Models were additionally adjusted for potential mediators: systolic blood pressure, antihypertensive use, total/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, diabetes, and body mass index. We performed sensitivity analyses excluding 763 women in the lowest socioeconomic group: annual income <$25,000 and lower high school level of education. Results With each live birth, LV mass increased 1.26 g; LV end-diastolic volume, 0.74 mL; and LV end-systolic volume, 0.45 mL; LV ejection fraction decreased 0.18% (P trend <0.05). Changes were most notable for the category of women with >= 5 pregnancies. Upon adjustment for potential biologic mediators, live births remained positively associated with LV mass and end-systolic volume. Live births remained significantly associated with LV end-systolic, end-diastolic volumes, and LV mass (P trend <= 0.02) after excluding women in the lowest socioeconomic group. Conclusions Number of live births is associated with key LV structural and functional measures in middle to older ages, even after adjustment for sociodemographic factors and cardiovascular disease risk factors. Hemodynamic changes during pregnancy may be associated with cardiac structure/function beyond childbearing years. (Am Heart J 2012;163:470-6.)
Pregnancy in women with complete transposition of the great arteries following the atrial switch procedure. A study from three of the largest Adult Congenital Heart Disease centers in Poland; Objective: We sought to identify maternal/neonatal and cardiovascular complications in pregnant women with complete transposition of great arteries (D-TGA) following atrial switch.Methods: Clinical records of all women with D-TGA after the Mustard/Senning (M/S) operation who were followed at the three largest Adult Congenital Heart Disease (ACHD) centers in Poland were reviewed.Results: Fifteen of the fifty-nine women followed had a total of 24 pregnancies, including two spontaneous miscarriages. Twenty-two pregnancies (92%) resulted in a live birth, 91% were by cesarean section. During 5 (23%) of the 22 completed pregnancies obstetric complications were observed (one gestational diabetes, one hypertension in pregnancy, one placenta increta and two preterm labors). The mean pregnancy duration was 37.2 weeks (range: 26-41 weeks).We observed one neonatal death due to extreme prematurity. Six (25%) children had a birth weight of2500g. None of women had severe cardiac complications during pregnancy nor in the postpartum period.Conclusions: In our study, we demonstrated a large number of obstetric complications and low birth weight in the presence of a systemic right ventricle. However, from a cardiologist's point of view pregnancy after the M/S operation was well-tolerated and relatively safe.
Preterm Delivery and Maternal Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors: The Nurses' Health Study II; Background: Preterm delivery has been linked to future maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD); however, research investigating clinical CVD risk factors is limited. We evaluated whether women who have delivered an infant preterm are at higher risk of developing CVD risk factors after adjustment for prepregnancy confounders. Materials and Methods: We examined the association between preterm delivery and incident chronic hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and hypercholesterolemia among 57,904 parous women in the Nurses' Health Study II. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the associations between preterm delivery in first pregnancy and each CVD risk factor; adjusted cumulative incidence curves were computed using the Breslow estimator. Results: Preterm delivery (<37 weeks) was associated with HRs of 1.11 (95% CI: 1.06-1.17) for chronic hypertension, 1.17 (95% CI: 1.03-1.33) for T2DM, and 1.07 (95% CI: 1.03-1.11) for hypercholesterolemia, adjusting for age, race/ethnicity, parental education, and prepregnancy confounders (e.g., body mass index, smoking, and family history). HRs were higher in women who delivered very preterm (<32 weeks) and in the first 10 years after first birth. The cumulative incidence of each risk factor was highest in women who delivered very preterm. Conclusions: Women with a history of preterm delivery are at higher risk of developing chronic hypertension, T2DM, and hypercholesterolemia in the years after pregnancy. This increased risk was particularly pronounced in the first 10 years after a preterm delivery, indicating that it may be an important time period to implement lifestyle interventions.
The increasing prevalence of diabetes in pregnancy; The authors review studies published in the past 10 years that examine the prevalence and trends in the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The prevalence of GDM in a population is reflective of the prevalence of type 2 diabetes within that population. In low-risk populations, such as those found in Sweden, the prevalence in population-based studies is lower than 2% even when universal testing is offered, whereas studies in high-risk populations, such as the Native American Cree, Northern Californian Hispanics, and Northern Californian Asians, reported prevalence rates ranging from 4.9% to 12.8%. Prevalence rates for GDM obtained from hospital-based studies similarly reflect the risk of type 2 diabetes in a population with a single hospital-based study in Australia reporting prevalences ranging from 3.0% in Anglo-Celtic women to 17.0% in Indian women. Finally, of the eight studies published that report on trends in the prevalence of GDM, six report an increase in the prevalence of GDM across most racial/ethnic groups studied. In summary, diabetes during pregnancy is a common and increasing complication of pregnancy.
Longitudinal Metabolic Profiling of Maternal Obesity, Gestational Diabetes, and Hypertensive Pregnancy Disorders; Context: Comprehensive assessment of metabolism in maternal obesity and pregnancy disorders can provide information about the shared maternal-fetal milieu and give insight into both maternal long-term health and intergenerational transmission of disease burden. Objective: To assess levels, profiles, and change in the levels of metabolic measures during pregnancies complicated by obesity, gestational diabetes (GDM), or hypertensive disorders. Design, Setting and Participants: A secondary analysis of 2 study cohorts, PREDO and RADIEL, including 741 pregnant women. Main Outcome Measures: We assessed 225 metabolic measures by nuclear magnetic resonance in blood samples collected at median 13 [interquartile range (IQR) 12.4-13.7], 20 (IQR 19.3-23.0), and 28 (27.0-35.0) weeks of gestation. Results: Across all 3 time points women with obesity [body mass index (BMI) >= 30 kg/m(2)] in comparison to normal weight (BMI 18.5-24.99 kg/m(2)) had significantly higher levels of most very-low-density lipoprotein-related measures, many fatty and most amino acids, and more adverse metabolic profiles. The change in the levels of most metabolic measures during pregnancy was smaller in obese than in normal weight women. GDM, preeclampsia, and chronic hypertension were associated with metabolic alterations similar to obesity. The associations of obesity held after adjustment for GDM and hypertensive disorders, but many of the associations with GDM and hypertensive disorders were rendered nonsignificant after adjustment for BMI and the other pregnancy disorders. Conclusions: This study shows that the pregnancy-related metabolic change is smaller in women with obesity, who display metabolic perturbations already in early pregnancy. Metabolic alterations of obesity and pregnancy disorders resembled each other suggesting a shared metabolic origin.
Association between diet quality measured by the Healthy Food Intake Index and later risk of gestational diabetes-a secondary analysis of the RADIEL trial; The aim of this study was to find the association between adherence to the Nordic Nutrition Recommendations (NNR) and glucose metabolism. Participants were 137 pregnant obese women or women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study. Adherence to the NNR was assessed by the Healthy Food Intake Index (HFII) calculated from the first trimesters' food frequency questionnaires. Higher HFII scores reflected higher adherence to the NNR (score range 0 - 17). Regression models with linear contrasts served for the main analysis. The mean HFII score was 10.0 (s.d. 2.8). The odds for GDM decreased toward the higher HFII categories (P = 0.067). Fasting glucose (FG) and 2hG concentrations showed inverse linearity across the HFII categories (P(FG) = 0.030 and P(2hG) = 0.028, adjusted for body mass index, age and GDM/pregnancy history). Low adherence to the NNR is associated with higher antenatal FG and 2hG concentrations and possibly GDM.
Gestational Diabetes Epigenetically Reprograms the <i>Cart</i> Promoter in Fetal Ovary, Causing Subfertility in Adult Life; Intrauterine exposure to various adverse conditions during fetal development can lead to epigenetic changes in fetal tissues, predisposing those tissues to disease conditions later in life. An example is gestational diabetes (GD), where the offspring has a higher risk of developing obesity, metabolic disorders, or cardiovascular disease in adult life. In this study, using two well-established GD (streptozotocin-and high-fat and high-sugar-induced) mouse models, we report that female offspring from GD dams are predisposed toward fertility problems later in life. This predisposition to fertility problems is due to altered ovarian expression of a peptide called cocaine-and amphetamine-regulated transcript (CART), which is known to negatively affect folliculogenesis and is induced by elevated leptin levels. Results show that the underlying cause of this altered expression is due to fetal epigenetic modifications involving glucose-and insulin-induced miRNA, miR-101, and the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Akt pathway. These signaling events regulate Ezh2, a histone methyltransferase that promotes H3K27me3, a gene-repressive mark, and CBP/p300, a histone acetyltransferase that promotes H3K27ac, a transcription activation mark, in the fetal ovary. Moreover, the CART promoter has depleted 5-methylcytosine (5mC) and enriched 5-hydroxy-methylcytosine (5hmC) levels. The depletion of H3K27me3 and 5mC repressive marks and subsequent increase in H3K27ac and 5hmC gene-activating marks convert the Cartpt promoter to a "superpromoter." This makes the Cartpt promoter more sensitive to leptin levels that predispose the GD offspring to fertility problems. Therefore, this study provides a mechanistic insight about fetal epigenome reprogramming that manifests to ovarian dysfunction and subfertility later in adult life.
Hyperhomocysteinemia in diabetic pregnancy; Homocysteine is an amino acid that is involved in several key metabolic processes. Blood concentrations of homocysteine are determined by various dietary factors, including folic acid and vitamin B12; alterations in physiology, such as renal impairment; and variation in the activity of enzymes in the various pathways as a result of genetic polymorphisms. In normal pregnancy, homocysteine concentrations decrease. Disturbance of maternal and fetal homocysteina metabolism is associated with fetal neural tube defects, with various conditions characterized by placental vasculopaty, such as pre-eclampsia and abruption; and with recurrent pregnancy loss. The combination of hyperhomocysteinemia and abnormal glucose tolerance may increase the risk of placental vasculopathy in pre-eclampsia. Therefore, the goal of this study was to evaluate the possible association between plasma-total homocysteine and gestational diabetes or glucose intolerance in normotensive and preeclamptic pregnant women. A prospective study included 50 pregnant women who came to the Department of Mycrobiologic Science and Gynaecologic Science of the University of Catania during the period covering from January 2004 to March 2005. The O' Sullivan test and oral glucose tolerance test was performed; and homocysteine, folate and vitamin B12 were measured from the 20th to the 34th weeks of pregnancy. Significant differences were observed in women with gestational diabetes complicated by hypertension (GD + PIH), while in normotensive patients the glucose intolerance group did showed significant differences.
Ambient air pollution and maternal cardiovascular health in pregnancy; In this review, we summarise the current epidemiological and experimental evidence on the association of ambient (outdoor) air pollution exposure and maternal cardiovascular health during pregnancy. This topic is of utmost clinical and public health importance as pregnant women represent a potentially susceptible group due to the delicate balance of the feto-placental circulation, rapid fetal development and tremendous physiological adaptations to the maternal cardiorespiratory system during pregnancy.Several meta-analyses including up to 4 245 170 participants provide robust evidence that air pollutants, including particulate matter, nitrogen oxides and others, have adverse effects on the development of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular events during labour. Potential underlying biological mechanisms include oxidative stress with subsequent endothelial dysfunction and vascular inflammation, beta-cell dysfunction and epigenetic changes. Endothelial dysfunction can lead to hypertension by impairing vasodilatation and promoting vasoconstriction. Air pollution and the consequent oxidative stress can additionally accelerate beta-cell dysfunction, which in turn triggers insulin resistance leading to gestational diabetes mellitus. Epigenetic changes in placental and mitochondrial DNA following air pollution exposures can lead to altered gene expression and contribute to placental dysfunction and induction of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.The maternal and fetal consequences of such cardiovascular and cardiometabolic disease during pregnancy can be serious and long lasting, including preterm birth, increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus or cardiovascular disease later in life. Acceleration of efforts to reduce air pollution is therefore urgently needed to realise the full health benefits for pregnant mothers and their children.
Markers of Cardiovascular Risk Associated with Pregnancy; Purpose of ReviewThe purpose of the review is to summarize the unique cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors encountered during pregnancy and to provide the reader with a framework for acquiring a comprehensive obstetric history during the cardiovascular (CV) assessment of women.Recent FindingsIndividuals with a history of pregnancies complicated by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes (GDM), preterm delivery, low birth weight, and fetal growth restriction during pregnancy are at a higher risk of developing short- and long-term CV complications compared to those without adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs). Women with a history of APOs can be at increased risk of CVD even after achieving normoglycemia and normal blood pressure control postpartum. Risk assessment and stratification in women must account for these APOs as recommended by the 2019 American College of Cardiology (ACC)/American Heart Association (AHA) guideline on the primary prevention of CVD. Early recognition, monitoring, and treatment of APOs are key to limiting CVD complications late in maternal life.Recognition of APOs as female-specific cardiovascular risk factors is critical for risk stratification for women and birthing persons. Further research is needed to understand the complex interplay between genetics, environmental, behavioral, and maternal vascular health, and the association between APOs and CVD risk.
Unique cardiovascular risk factors in women; Despite an overall reduction in cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality in the USA, the rate of coronary heart disease and CVD mortality is on the rise in younger women aged 35 to 54 years. This has been attributed to an increasing prevalence of CVD risk factors, which can portend disparate outcomes in women versus men. Women with diabetes and those who smoke have an excess relative risk of CVD when compared with their male counterparts. In addition to these discrepancies in traditional risk factors, a number of clinical conditions unique to women have been shown to increase CVD risks such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome, early menopause and autoimmune diseases. The majority of these sex-specific risk factors can be identified at an early age, allowing for aggressive risk factor modification through lifestyle changes and, in certain patients, medications. The recently published 2018 American College of Cardiology and American Heart Association (ACC/AHA) hypercholesterolaemia and 2019 ACC/AHA primary prevention guidelines reflect this, citing pre-eclampsia, early menopause and autoimmune diseases as 'risk enhancers' that if present may favour initiation of statin therapy in borderline or intermediate risk patients. This comprehensive review addresses both traditional and unique risk factors of CVD in women, as well as sex-specific risk stratification and management options.
Maternal and offspring outcomes in women with intellectual and developmental disabilities: a population-based cohort study; Objective To compare the risks for adverse maternal and offspring outcomes in women with and without intellectual and developmental disabilities. Design Population-based cohort study. Setting Ontario, Canada. Population Singleton obstetrical deliveries to 18- to 49-year-old women with and without intellectual and developmental disabilities (n = 3932 in the exposed cohort, n = 382 774 in the unexposed cohort; 2002-2011 fiscal years). Methods Women with intellectual and developmental disabilities were identified based on diagnoses in health administrative data or receipt of disability income support. The unexposed cohort comprised women without intellectual and developmental disabilities. Modified Poisson regression was used to compute adjusted relative risks (aRR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) comparing the two cohorts. Main outcome measures Primary maternal outcomes were: gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and venous thromboembolism. Primary offspring outcomes were: preterm birth, small for gestational age, and large for gestational age. Results The exposed cohort, compared with the unexposed cohort, had increased risks for pre-eclampsia (aRR 1.47, 95% CI 1.11-1.93) and venous thromboembolism (aRR 1.60, 95% CI 1.17-2.19). Their offspring had increased risks for preterm birth (aRR 1.63, 95% CI 1.47-1.80) and small for gestational age (aRR 1.35, 95% CI 1.25-1.45). Conclusions These findings suggest that there is a need to address modifiable risk factors for adverse outcomes among women with intellectual and developmental disabilities prior to and during pregnancy. Moreover, there is a need to enhance monitoring for maternal and offspring complications in this population.
Serum CathepsinD in pregnancy: Relation with metabolic and inflammatory markers and effects of fish oils and probiotics; Background and aims: Elevated circulating levels of CathepsinD (CatD) have been linked to metabolic deviations including liver inflammation. We investigated 1) whether supplementation with probiotics and/or fish oil affects CatD and 2) whether the CatD concentration would associate with gestational diabetes (GDM), low-grade inflammation, lipid metabolism, body fat % and dietary composition. Methods and results: Overweight/obese pregnant women (n = 438) were randomized into fish oil thorn placebo, probiotics thorn placebo, fish oil thorn probiotics or placebo thorn placebo groups. Fish oil contained 1.9 g docosahexaenoic acid and 0.22 g eicosapentaenoic acid and probiotics were Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus HN001 (formerly Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001) and Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. lactis 420, 1010 colony-forming units each). Serum CatD levels were analysed by ELISA, GlycA and lipid metabolites by NMR, high sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) by immunoassay, and intakes of energy yielding nutrients and n-3 and n-6 fatty acids from food diaries at both early and late pregnancy. GDM was diagnosed by OGTT. CatD concentrations did not differ between the intervention groups or by GDM status. Multivariable linear models revealed that body fat % and GlycA affected CatD differently in healthy women and those with GDM. Conclusion: The serum CatD concentration of pregnant women was not modified by this dietary intervention. Serum CatD was influenced by two parameters, body fat and low grade inflammation, which were dependent on the woman's GDM status. (C) 2022 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University..
REDUCED UMBILICAL ARTERY PROSTACYCLIN FORMATION IN COMPLICATED PREGNANCIES; Prostacyclin synthesis is severely depressed in the umbilical arteries of [human] neonates of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus, juvenile-onset diabetes mellitus or preeclamptic symptoms, and of mothers who smoke during pregnancy and diabetic mothers who smoke. The reduced production of prostacyclin might be responsible for an increased abortion rate and a higher rate of intrauterine fetal death because of a decrease in placental perfusion and umbilical blood flow.
The effect of synbiotic supplementation on atherogenic indices, hs-CRP, and malondialdehyde, as major CVD-related parameters, in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a secondary data-analysis of a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study; Background Women with GDM have a higher risk of future cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Meanwhile, synbiotics have been demonstrated to have favorable impacts on atherogenic indices, and inflammatory and oxidative stress indicators, all of which are known to be CVD-predictive factors. The aim of this randomized controlled trial was to evaluate the effects of synbiotic supplementation on the atherogenic indices of plasma, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) in women with GDM. Methods Eligible pregnant women with GDM were randomized into two groups to receive a daily synbiotic capsule [500 mg of L.acidophilus(5 x 10(10) CFU/g), L.plantarum(1.5 x 10(10) CFU/g), L.fermentum(7 x 10(9) CFU/g), L.Gasseri(2 x 10(10) CFU/g) and 38.5 mg of fructo-oligo-saccharides], or placebo, for 6 weeks. The ratios of TC/HDL-C, LDL/HDL-C, and logTG/HDL-C were calculated as the atherogenic indices. Serum hs-CRP and MDA concentrations were quantified before and after the intervention. Cohen's d(d) was used to calculate the magnitude of the effect. Results Ninety participants completed the study. There was no significant difference in dietary antioxidant and mineral intakes between the two groups. Compared with placebo, synbiotic supplementation resulted in a significant decrease in logTG/HDL-C ratio with a medium-low effect size (mean difference = -0.11; 95% CI -0.21, 0; P values for the placebo and the intervention groups were 0.02, and 0.042, respectively; P between groups = 0.003; d = 0.25). No significant changes were observed in other parameters. Conclusions Overall, 6 weeks of synbiotic supplementation in women with GDM resulted in a significant improvement in logTG/HDL-C, suggesting that synbiotics may have a beneficial role in reducing the risk of future CVDs associated with GDM. Nevertheless, more studies are needed to confirm the veracity of these results. Trial Registration IRCT201511183140N16 (December 29th, 2015).
Identification of mtDNA mutation in a pedigree with gestational diabetes, deafness, Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome and placenta accreta; Mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) defects are associated with a number of human disorders. Although many occur sporadically, maternal transmission is the hallmark of diseases due to mtDNA point mutations. The same mutation may manifest strikingly different phenotypes; for example, the A to G substitution at np 3243 was first reported in patients with mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, lactic acidosis and stroke-like episodes (the MELAS syndrome), but is also found in patients with diabetes and deafness. Here we present a case of gestational diabetes, deafness, premature greying, placenta accreta and Wolff-Parkinson-White (WPW) syndrome associated with a mtDNA mutation. Although this is the first report of such an association, study of 27 other patients with WPW syndrome failed to confirm that this mtDNA mutation is a common cause of such pre-excitation disorders. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Leukocyte Telomere Length in the Neonatal Offspring of Mothers with Gestational and Pre-Gestational Diabetes; Aims Telomeres undergo shortening with cell division, accelerated by increased oxidative stress. We aimed to demonstrate shortened telomeres in the offspring of mothers who have diabetes as a consequence of exposure to increased oxidative stress during intrauterine development. Methods We examined the level of glycaemia (glucose, HbA1c, fructosamine), oxidative stress (lipid peroxidation) and the levels of antioxidant enzymes (Superoxide dismutase (SOD) and Selenium dependent glutathione peroxidase) and correlate these findings with mean telomere length (TL) in maternal and foetal blood in groups of pregnant women with pre-gestational diabetes (PGD), gestational diabetes (GD) and a euglycaemic control group. Results Foetal and maternal glucose, maternal HbA1c, and foetal insulin and C-peptide were higher in the PGD group with the GD group being intermediate. Markers of oxidative stress did not vary between groups with the exception of foetal SOD activity that was highest in the GD group. There were no detectable differences in maternal or foetal TL between study groups. An exploratory analysis looking at correlations between glycaemic and oxidative stress parameters and TL revealed a negative correlation between maternal and foetal glucose and TL across the whole study population. This relationship held for the short-term marker of glycaemic control, fructosamine. Conclusions We were unable to show significant telomere shortening in the offspring of mothers with PGD or GD. Exploratory analysis revealed a relationship between foetal TL and short-term glycaemia particularly in PGD. It is possible that increased telomerase activity can compensate for long-term increased oxidative stress but not for short-term dysglycaemia.
Ultrasound Evaluation of Pregnancies with Single Umbilical Artery (SUA); The single umbilical artery (SUA) can be diagnosed before birth by ultrasound in up to 2% of all pregnancies and, when associated with other foetal structural defects, there is an increased risk of chromosomal abnormalities and adverse pregnancy outcome. The finding of a SUA should alert the obstetrician to search for associated malformations and markers of chromosomal defects. The frequency of chromosomal abnormalities is extremely rare in isolated SUA cases. The risk for congenital heart disease after the detection of SUA in an otherwise apparently normal foetus from an unselected population seems small and may not warrant specialist foetal echocardiography. Isolated SUA (ISUA) appears to be an independent predictor of adverse perinatal outcomes such as small for gestational age, oligohydramnios, polyhydramnios, gestational diabetes mellitus and perinatal mortality. An ISUA is associated with an adverse pregnancy outcome, but this however does not decrease the rate of vaginal delivery in full-term births. Careful ultrasound examination is crucial to detect adverse perinatal outcomes in patients with SUA. Foetal karyotyping must be performed by amniocentesis in cases with additional anomalies, soft marker or positive prenatal screening test. However foetal karyotyping is not recommended for cases with isolated SUA.
Programming of growth, insulin resistance and vascular dysfunction in offspring of late gestation diabetic rats; ODM (offspring of diabetic mothers) have an increased risk of developing metabolic and cardiovascular dysfunction; however, few studies have focused on the susceptibility to disease in offspring of mothers developing diabetes during pregnancy. We developed an animal model of late gestation diabetic pregnancy and characterized metabolic and vascular function in the offspring. Diabetes was induced by streptozotocin (50 mg/kg of body weight, intraperitoneally) in pregnant rats on gestational day 13 and was partially controlled by twice-daily injections of insulin. At 2 months of age, ODM had slightly better glucose tolerance than controls (P < 0.05); however, by 6 months of age this trend had reversed. A euglycaemic-hyperinsulinamic clamp revealed insulin resistance in male ODM (P < 0.05). In 6-8-month-old female ODM, aortas had significantly enhanced contractility in response to KCI, ET-1 (endothelin-1) and NA (noradrenaline). No differences in responses to ET-1 and NA were apparent with co-administration of L-NNA (N-G-nitro-L-arginine). Relaxation in response to ACh (acetylcholine), but not SNP (sodium nitroprusside), was significantly impaired in female ODM. In contrast, males had no between-group differences in response to vasoconstrictors, whereas relaxation to SNP and ACh was greater in ODM compared with control animals. Thus the development of diabetes during pregnancy programmes gender-specific insulin resistance and vascular dysfunction in adult offspring.
A Protocol for Nurse-Practitioner Led Cardiovascular Follow-Up After Pregnancy Complications in a Socioeconomically Disadvantaged Population; Background: Women who experience pregnancy complications have an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease when compared to their healthy counterparts. Despite recommendations, there is no standardized cardiovascular follow-up in the postpartum period for these women, and the Australian follow-up protocols that have been previously described are research-based. This study proposes a new model of care for a nurse practitioner-led postpartum intervention clinic for women who experience severe hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus requiring medication, severe intrauterine growth restriction, idiopathic preterm delivery, or placental abruption, in a socioeconomically disadvantaged population. Methods: All women receiving antenatal care or who deliver at the Lyell McEwin Hospital, a tertiary acute care facility located in the northern Adelaide metropolitan area, following a severe complication of pregnancy are referred to the intervention clinic for review at 6 months postpartum. A comprehensive assessment is conducted from demographics, medical history, diet and exercise habits, psychosocial information, health literacy, pathology results, and physical measurements. Subsequently, patient-specific education and clinical counseling are provided by a specialized nurse practitioner. Clinic appointments are repeated at 18 months and 5 years postpartum. All data is also collated into a registry, which aims to assess the efficacy of the intervention at improving modifiable cardiovascular risk factors and reducing cardiovascular risk. Discussion: There is limited information on the efficacy of postpartum intervention clinics in reducing cardiovascular risk in women who have experienced pregnancy complications. Analyses of the data collected in the registry will provide essential information about how best to reduce cardiovascular risk in women in socioeconomically disadvantaged and disease-burdened populations.
Maternal glucose levels and future risk of developing cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis protocol; IntroductionHyperglycaemia during pregnancy has been considered as one of the risk factors for cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) among women. Although the evidence regarding the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and subsequent CVD has been synthesised, there are no systematic reviews covering the evidence of the association among the non-GDM population. This systematic review and meta-analysis, therefore, aim to fill the gap by summarising existing evidence on the association between maternal glucose levels and the risk of future CVD in pregnant women with or without a diagnosis of GDM.Methods and analysisThis systematic review protocol was reported following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis Protocols guidelines. Comprehensive literature searches were performed in the following electronic databases: MEDLINE, EMBASE and CINAHL to identify relevant papers from inception to 31 December 2022. All observational studies (case-control studies, cohort studies and cross-sectional studies) will be included. Two reviewers will perform the abstract and full-text screening based on the eligibility criteria through Covidence. The Newcastle-Ottawa Scale will be used to assess the methodological quality of included studies. Statistical heterogeneity will be assessed by using the I-2 test and Cochrane's Q test. If the included studies are found to be homogeneous, pooled estimates will be calculated and meta-analysis will be performed using Review Manager 5 (RevMan) software. Random effects will be used to determine weights for meta-analysis, if needed. Pre-specified subgroup analysis and sensitivity analysis will be performed, if needed. The study results will be presented in the sequence of main outcomes, secondary outcomes and important subgroup analysis for each type of glucose level separately.Ethics and disseminationGiven no original data will be collected, ethics approval is not applicable for this review. The results of this review will be disseminated by publication and conference presentation.PROSPERO registration numberCRD42022363037.
The newborn metabolome: associations with gestational diabetes, sex, gestation, birth mode, and birth weight; Background Pathways towards many adult-onset conditions begin early in life, even in utero. Maternal health in pregnancy influences this process, but little is known how it affects neonatal metabolism. We investigated associations between pregnancy and birth factors and cord blood metabolomic profile in a large, population-derived cohort. Methods Metabolites were measured using nuclear magnetic resonance in maternal (28 weeks gestation) and cord serum from 912 mother-child pairs in the Barwon Infant Study pre-birth cohort. Associations between maternal (metabolites, age, BMI, smoking), pregnancy (pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes (GDM)), and birth characteristics (delivery mode, gestational age, weight, infant sex) with 72 cord blood metabolites were examined by linear regression. Results Delivery mode, sex, gestational age, and birth weight were associated with specific metabolite levels in cord blood, including amino acids, fatty acids, and cholesterols. GDM was associated with higher cord blood levels of acetoacetate and 3-hydroxybutyrate. Conclusions Neonatal factors, particularly delivery mode, were associated with many cord blood metabolite differences, including those implicated in later risk of cardiometabolic disease. Associations between GDM and higher offspring ketone levels at birth are consistent with maternal ketosis in diabetic pregnancies. Further work is needed to determine whether these neonatal metabolome differences associate with later health outcomes. Impact Variations in blood metabolomic profile have been linked to health status in adults and children, but corresponding data in neonates are scarce. We report evidence that pregnancy complications, mode of delivery, and offspring characteristics, including sex, are independently associated with a range of circulating metabolites at birth, including ketone bodies, amino acids, cholesterols, and inflammatory markers. Independent of birth weight, exposure to gestational diabetes is associated with higher cord blood ketone bodies and citrate. These findings suggest that pregnancy complications, mode of delivery, gestational age, and measures of growth influence metabolic pathways prior to birth, potentially impacting later health and development.
Endothelium-Dependent Hemostatic Factors in Women with Previous Gestational; Purpose: Women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) are at increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disorders. The aim of this study was to investigate the levels of endothelium-dependent hemostatic factors in women with pGDM. Material and Method: Eighty women with pGDM and 40 healthy women with no history of pGDM were included. The levels of glucose, insulin, c-peptide, lipids, C-reactive protein (CRP), and endothelium-dependent hemostatic factors, including plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), von Willebrand factor, fibrinogen, tissue factor (TF), tissue plasminogen activator, and total tissue factor pathway inhibitor (TFPI), were measured. Results: Women with pGDM had higher levels of CRP (p<0.001), fibrinogen (p=0.001), PAI-1 (p<0.001), TF (p=0.035), and total TFPI (p=0.009) compared to controls. Circulating levels of CRP and PAI-1 were significantly elevated in women with pGDM even after adjustment of body mass index (BMI) (CRP; p=0.022, and PAI-1; p=0.039). PAI-1 levels were positively correlated with BMI (r=0.374, p<0.001), waist-hip ratio (r=0.251, p=0.006), low density lipoprotein -cholesterol (r=0.246, p=0.007), triglyceride (r=0.296, p=0.001), fasting glucose (r=0.339, p<0.001), 2-h. plasma glucose (r=0.247, p=0.007), fasting insulin (r=0.334, p<0.001) and insulin resistance index (r=0.36, p<0.001), and negatively correlated with high-density lipoproteins-cholesterol (r=-0.420, p<0.001) and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (r=-0.323, p<0.001). Discussion: Our study shows that women with pGDM exhibit altered levels of endothelium-dependent hemostatic factors which seem to be associated with cardiovascular risk factors.
Effect of lifestyle counselling on health-related quality of life in women at high risk for gestational diabetes; Background: The incidence of gestational diabetes (GDM) is increasing and interventions to curb the detrimental effects of GDM are needed. We have previously reported that a combined diet and physical activity intervention has the potential to reduce GDM among high-risk women. It is also important to know whether the intervention affects health-related quality of life (HRQoL). Methods: A total of 378 women at high risk for GDM were randomized into an intervention (lifestyle counselling four times during pregnancy, n=192), or a control group (n=186) before 20 gestational weeks. HRQoL was assessed with the 15D-instrument six times: once during each trimester and at six weeks, six months and 12 months postpartum. Results: In this study population, the cumulative incidence of GDM was similar in the intervention and the control group (45.7 vs. 44.5%). There was no difference between the 15D scores of the control and intervention groups at any of the time points. Conclusions: Combined diet and physical activity intervention did not provide HRQoL benefits in the study. A high prevalence of GDM in both study groups may have confounded the effect of the intervention.
DIABETES, EXERCISE, AND ATHEROSCLEROSIS; Regular exercise may diminish the risk for atherosclerotic vascular disease in patients with non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes and in the general population. The basis for this effect of exercise may be its ability to diminish or prevent hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, and/or increases in intra-abdominal adipose mass. These abnormalities are associated with premature atherosclerotic vascular disease, essential hypertension, type II diabetes, and certain dyslipoproteinemias, and most likely precede them. They also have been implicated in the pathogenesis of these disorders We propose that the high prevalence of hyperisulinemia and insulin resistance in individuals leading a western life-style accounts for the reported benefit of physical activity in preventing coronary heart disease in the general population. We also propose that exercise (and diet) are most likely to be effective when initiated in young individuals, before the onset of irreversible vascular alterations, and when life-style changes may be more acceptable. Early identification of such individuals may be possible on the basis of family history, the presence of components of the hyperinsulinemia-insulin resistance syndrome, and/or central obesity. One such group that may already have been identified is women with gestational diabetes.
Opportunities in the Postpartum Period to Reduce Cardiovascular Disease Risk After Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes: A Scientific Statement From the American Heart Association; Adverse pregnancy outcomes are common among pregnant individuals and are associated with long-term risk of cardiovascular disease. Individuals with adverse pregnancy outcomes also have an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease risk factors after delivery. Despite this, evidence-based approaches to managing these patients after pregnancy to reduce cardiovascular disease risk are lacking. In this scientific statement, we review the current evidence on interpregnancy and postpartum preventive strategies, blood pressure management, and lifestyle interventions for optimizing cardiovascular disease using the American Heart Association Life's Essential 8 framework. Clinical, health system, and community-level interventions can be used to engage postpartum individuals and to reach populations who experience the highest burden of adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease. Future trials are needed to improve screening of subclinical cardiovascular disease in individuals with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes, before the onset of symptomatic disease. Interventions in the fourth trimester, defined as the 12 weeks after delivery, have great potential to improve cardiovascular health across the life course.
Soluble (pro)renin receptor in preeclampsia and diabetic pregnancies; Women with preexisting or gestational diabetes mellitus have an increased risk for developing preeclampsia. Diabetes and pregnancy are both characterized by very high prorenin levels and renin-angiotensin system activation. Prorenin bound to the (pro)renin receptor has enzymatic activity. We hypothesized that soluble (pro)renin receptor levels are elevated in high-risk pregnancies. Third trimester maternal blood samples from complicated pregnancies (n = 165), (preeclampsia [n = 76], diabetes mellitus [type I diabetes, n = 35; type II diabetes, n = 11; gestational diabetes mellitus, n = 43]), and healthy pregnancies (n = 49) were analyzed for prorenin, renin, and soluble (pro)renin receptor. There were no significant differences in prorenin or renin levels between the study groups in a multivariate model. In the group of women with gestational diabetes, soluble (pro)renin receptor concentrations were significantly higher compared with healthy pregnancies or preeclampsia. Soluble (pro)renin receptor did not correlate with renin or prorenin levels for any of the study groups. Our results show that soluble (pro)renin receptor is dysregulated in pregnancies affected by diabetes mellitus, but not in preeclampsia. Alterations in circulating soluble (pro)renin receptor are unrelated to renin/prorenin in pregnancy, but may be of pathophysiological relevance in diabetic pregnancies in a renin-angiotensin system-independent manner. (C) 2017 American Society of Hypertension. All rights reserved.
Association between fetal overgrowth and metabolic parameters in cord blood of newborns of women with GDM; Aim. There is evidence that arthrosclerosis may originate at birth, so assessment of serum lipid levels in cord blood might be important. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between fetal overgrowth and metabolic parameters in cord blood of newborns of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to compare these parameters with those in newborns of non-diabetic. Methods. The study group included 112 women (singleton pregnancy, and GDM diagnosed following WHO criteria), and as controlled subjects, 159 matched healthy pregnant women and their newborn babies were selected. A sample of cord blood was obtained at delivery. The cord blood's insulin, glucose, and lipids (total cholesterol, high-density cholesterol, low-density cholesterol, and triglyceride) were determined. The relationships between these metabolic parameters and large for gestational age (LGA) were also assessed. Results. There were no significant differences between total cholesterol, (TC), HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), triglyceride (TG) and glucose levels between two groups-but the LDL-C level, LDL/HDL ratio and insulin level were significantly higher in newborns of mother with GDM. LGA newborns of, diabetic mothers, show the HDL-C level were significantly lower and LDL-C level were significantly higher than AGA (Appropriate for Gestational Age). Conclusion. These results,show that GDM altered neonatal plasma lipids metabolism and,so newborns of diabetic mothers may be predisposed early in life to LDL hypercholesterolemia and thus may be at a greater risk of developing coronary heart disease later in life.
Cord Serum Lipid Profile of Infants of Diabetic Mothers; Background: Infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) is a critical issue in pediatrics, which is regarded as a major risk factor for birth trauma, respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), birth asphyxia, transient tachypnea of the newborn (TTN) and jaundice. IDM is also a risk factor for microvascular (e.g., ocular and renal complications) and macrovascular complications (e.g., cerebrovascular accident, atherosclerosis and cardiovascular complications). Lipids are a heterogeneous group of hydrophobic organic molecules which can be extracted from tissues using non-polar solvents. Lipids, due to their hydrophobic property, are mainly found in membranes enclosing various cell organelles. Diabetes mellitus management with insulin (nowadays also with oral hypoglycemic medications) has improved the outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (most infants born to diabetic mother are large for gestational age). The neonatal mortality rate in IDM is over five times higher than that of infants of non-diabetic mothers. In this study, therefore, we aimed to assess the effect of maternal diabetes on cord serum lipid profile. Methods: This prospective (case-control) study was carried out on 60 infants born in Al-Zahra teaching hospital during February 2014-October 2014. The study group consisted of 30 randomly chosen IDM, and the control group comprised 30 infants who were born to healthy mothers. Results: The results of this study demonstrated that there are significant differences between IDM and infants of healthy mothers regarding lipid profile and birth weight. Conclusion: This study confirms that cord serum lipid profile (serum cholesterol, serum triglycerides and low-density lipoprotein) is higher at birth in IDM. Moreover, this study shows a significant association between lipid profile and body weight.
Chorioangioma - a case study; Chorioangioma (chorionic angioma) is the most common non-malignant placental tumor Taking into account its morphological structure, it can have significant influence on fetal condition and pregnancy depending on its size. In the presented case a substantial placental tumor was diagnosed and complications typical for chorioangioma, such as fetal hemodynamic disorders, polyhydramnios, gestational diabetes and premature labor, were observed. The applied treatment led to normalization of the fetal and maternal condition and to prolongation of the pregnancy
Does gestational diabetes increase the risk of maternal kidney disease? A Swedish national cohort study; Background Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. It is uncertain whether GDM is independently associated with the risk of chronic kidney disease. The aim was to examine the association between GDM and maternal CKD and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) and to determine whether this depends on progression to overt T2DM. Methods A population-based cohort study was designed using Swedish national registry data. Previous GDM diagnosis was the main exposure, and this was stratified according to whether women developed T2DM after pregnancy. Using Cox regression models, we estimated the risk of CKD (stages 3-5), ESKD and different CKD subtypes (tubulointerstitial, glomerular, hypertensive, diabetic, other). Findings There were 1,121,633 women included, of whom 15,595 (1.4%) were diagnosed with GDM. Overall, GDM-diagnosed women were at increased risk of CKD (aHR 1.81, 95% CI 1.54-2.14) and ESKD (aHR 4.52, 95% CI 2.75-7.44). Associations were strongest for diabetic CKD (aHR 8.81, 95% CI 6.36-12.19) and hypertensive CKD (aHR 2.46, 95% CI 1.06-5.69). These associations were largely explained by post-pregnancy T2DM. Among women who had GDM + subsequent T2DM, strong associations were observed (CKD, aHR 21.70, 95% CI 17.17-27.42; ESKD, aHR 112.37, 95% CI 61.22-206.38). But among those with GDM only, associations were non-significant (CKD, aHR 1.11, 95% CI 0.89-1.38; ESKD, aHR 1.58, 95% CI 0.70-3.60 respectively). Conclusion Women who experience GDM and subsequent T2DM are at increased risk of developing CKD and ESKD. However, GDM-diagnosed women who never develop overt T2DM have similar risk of future CKD/ESKD to those with uncomplicated pregnancies.
C-reactive protein and features of metabolic syndrome in Brazilian women with previous gestational diabetes; Objective: C-reactive protein (CRP), an inflammatory biomarker, has been associated with the development of diabetes. Gestational diabetes (GDM) predicts type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and may be part of the metabolic syndrome (MS). Few studies have examined the association of CRP, MS and diabetes in women with previous GDM. Research design and methods: Women with previous GDM (n = 70) and randomly sampled women without previous GDM (n = 108) from the one center of the Brazilian Study of Gestational Diabetes participated in the study after 6 years of index pregnancy. Oral glucose tolerance test and anthropometry were performed. CRP levels were measured by the nephelometry. The MS was defined by the ATPIII criteria. Results: There was significant positive linear correlation between CRP levels, fasting insulin (R = 0.053) and HOMA IR (0.048) in previous GDM. Mean CRP levels were significantly higher in previous GDM group with abdominal obesity (1.227 95% CI 0.871-1.584 versus 0.597,95% CI 0.378-0.817; p = 0.001) and abnormal glucose tolerance (1.168 95% CI 0.784-1.552 versus 0.657 95% CI 0.455-0.859, p = 0.012). There were differences when considering the presence of different MS features, once the previous GDM group reported a significantly higher number of women with low HDL (74.3% versus 55.6%, p = 0.0 16) and abnormal glucose tolerance (45.7% versus 25%, p = 0.005) than the group without GDM. On average, the CRP levels were significantly higher in women with previous GDM and MS (0.918 95% CI 0.569; 1.268 versus 0.524 95% CI 0.373; 0.675, p = 0.044) than the control group. Conclusions: The data suggests that the presence of MS in women with previous GDM is associated with high levels of CRP. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Consensus document of the Spanish Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology (SEGO) and the Spanish Interdisciplinary Committee for Vascular; This document summarises the evidence regarding the association between adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), such as hypertensive disorders, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, fetal growth defects (small for gestational age and/or fetal growth restriction), placental abruption, fetal loss, and the risk that a pregnant individual in developing vascular risk factors (VR) that may lead to future vascular disease (VD): coronary heart disease, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, and heart failure. Furthermore, this document emphasises the importance of recognising APOs when assessing VR in women. A history of APOs serves as a sufficient indicator for primary prevention of VD. In fact, adopting a healthy diet and increasing physical activity among women with APOs, starting during pregnancy and/or postpartum, and maintaining it throughout life are significant interventions that can reduce VR. On the other hand, breastfeeding can also reduce the future VR of women, including a lower risk of mortality. Future studies evaluating the use of aspirin, statins, and metformin, among others, in women with a history of APOs could strengthen recommendations regarding pharmacotherapy for primary prevention of VD in these patients. Various healthcare system options exist to improve the transition of care for women with APOs between different healthcare professionals and implement long-term VR reduction strategies. One potential process could involve incorporating the fourth-trimester concept into clinical recommendations and healthcare policies.
C-reactive protein and gestational diabetes: The central role of maternal obesity; Acute-phase biomarkers such as C-reactive protein (CRP) and IL-6 have emerged as predictors of incident type 2 diabetes mellitus, implicating chronic subclinical inflammation as a factor in the pathophysiology of diabetes. Gestational diabetes (GDM) identifies a population of women at high risk of subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus, representing an early stage in the natural history of the disease. In this context, we performed a cross-sectional study to determine whether markers of subclinical inflammation are elevated in patients with GDM. We studied 180 healthy pregnant women undergoing oral glucose tolerance testing in the late second or early third trimester. Based on oral glucose tolerance testing and prepregnancy body mass index (BMI), participants were stratified into four groups: 1) normal glucose tolerance (NGT) lean (BMI, <25 kg/m(2)) (n=65); 2) NGT overweight (n=28); 3) impaired glucose tolerance (n=39); and 4) GDM (n=48). Median CRP level was highest in overweight NGT subjects (8.8 mg/liter), followed by GDM (5.5 mg/liter), impaired glucose tolerance (4.4 mg/liter), and lean NGT ( 4.4 mg/liter) (overall P=0.0297). CRP was significantly correlated with prepregnancy BMI (r=0.38, P<0.0001), followed by fasting insulin (r=0.27, P=0.0002) and fasting blood glucose (r=0.18, P=0.016). In multivariate linear regression analysis, prepregnancy BMI emerged as the most important determinant of CRP concentration, whereas glycemic tolerance status was not a significant factor. Furthermore, the observed stepwise increase in CRP per tertile of prepregnancy BMI was not significantly attenuated by glycemic tolerance status or factors known to be associated with GDM. In summary, we demonstrate that maternal serum levels of CRP are not related to GDM but rather correlate significantly with prepregnancy obesity. An independent contribution of CRP to risk of GDM could not be confirmed. These data suggest a model in which obesity mediates a systemic inflammatory response, with possible downstream metabolic sequelae, including insulin resistance and glucose dysregulation.
Implementation of a Distributed Guideline-Based Decision Support Model Within a Patient-Guidance Framework; We report on new projection engine which was developed in order to implement a distributed guideline-based decision support system (DSS) within the European project MobiGuide. In this model, small portions of the guideline knowledge are projected, i.e. 'downloaded', from a central DSS server to a local DSS in the patient's mobile device, which then applies that knowledge using the mobile device's local resources. Furthermore, the projection engine generates guideline projections which are adapted to the patient's previously defined preferences and, implicitly, to the patient's current context, which is embodied in the projected knowledge. We evaluated this distributed guideline application model for two complex guidelines: one for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, and one for Atrial Fibrillation. We found that the initial specification of what we refer to as the customized guideline should be in the terms of the distributed DSS, i.e., include two levels: one for the central DSS, and one for the local DSS. In addition, we found significant differences between the customized, distributed versions of the two guidelines, indicating further research directions and possibly additional ways to analyze and characterize guidelines.
Preventing CVD in Women: Common Questions and Answers; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the most common cause of mortality in the United States. Women have unique risk factors for CVD, including pregnancy, hormones, autoimmune disorders, and psychological stress. Most risk calculators underestimate the risk of CVD in women; therefore, it is essential that physicians have a heightened awareness of risk-enhancing factors. A thorough history of adverse pregnancy conditions, hormonal factors, autoimmune diseases, and psychological stress, including adverse social determinants of health, should be documented in the electronic health record. A risk assessment using the Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease Risk Calculator should be routinely performed, and those with borderline (5% to less than 7.5%) and intermediate (7.5% to less than 20%) risk should undergo lifestyle modification counseling and shared decision-making regarding the initiation of a statin, aspirin, or antihypertensive therapy. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus should be screened at four to 12 weeks postpartum with a two-hour oral glucose tolerance test, and, if normal, the test should be repeated every one to three years. Women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy should be assessed within three months of delivery, and CVD risk assessment should occur annually thereafter. Because women with a history of adverse pregnancy conditions have higher rates of traditional CVD risk factors that emerge at younger ages, earlier and more frequent monitoring should be considered. Optimizing management of mood disorders, traditional CVD risk factors, and autoimmune diseases and considering the effects of social determinants of health are essential. Lifestyle modification counseling should include guidance to adhere to a plant-based diet that is mostly vegetables, fruits, legumes, nuts, whole grains, and fish; 150 minutes of moderate-intensity or 75 minutes of vigorous-intensity exercise weekly; and tobacco cessation. Copyright (c) 2023 American Academy of Family Physicians.
Are serum levels of ADAMTS5, TAS and TOS at 24-28 gestational weeks associated with adverse perinatal outcomes in gestational diabetic women?; We aimed to determine the role of placental A Disintegrin and Metalloproteinase with thrombospondin motifs 5 (ADAMTS5), and maternal serum ADAMTS5, total antioxidant status (TAS), total oxidant status (TOS) and oxidative stress index (OSI) levels at 24-28th gestational weeks in GDM. This study included 57 patients, who had been diagnosed as having GDM at their 24-28th gestational week, and 29 controls. The maternal blood samples were collected at the 24-28th gestational week and ADAMTS5 was studied with the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) method, whereas an automated colorimetric method was used to study TAS, TOS, and OSI. The level of ADAMTS5 in maternal serum of patients with GDM were significantly lower than the controls (p = .017); whereas TOS and OSI levels were significantly higher (p = .003 and p = .008). Multivariable logistic regression analysis revealed ADAMTS5 and TOS levels were independently associated with adverse perinatal outcomes (p = .004 and p = .018). We found that serum ADAMTS5 levels decreased and TOS level increased in GDM pregnant at 24-28th gestational weeks. In addition, we found that increased levels of serum ADAMTS5 and decreased TOS levels at 24-28th weeks were associated with adverse perinatal outcomes independent of the mode of treatment in GDM.Impact statement What is already known on this subject? Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common medical complications of pregnancy. The insulin resistance, which starts at the 24-28th gestational weeks, increases during gestation. GDM increases maternal complications like preeclampsia, cesarean rate, cardiovascular disease, obesity, and diabetes after pregnancy; and neonatal complications like macrosomia, hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, delivery trauma, shoulder dystocia, and adult-onset obesity, and diabetes. What the results of this study add? A significant relationship between ADAMTS5, TOS levels and adverse perinatal outcome. insulin resistance and was observed.
Speckle Tracking and Myocardial Tissue Imaging in Infant of Diabetic Mother with Gestational and Pregestational Diabetes; The aim of this study was to evaluate the myocardial changes in infants of diabetic mother either with gestational or pregestational diabetes and its relation to maternal diabetic control. The study included 45 infants of diabetic mother (IDMs) and 45 healthy newborn as a control group. IDMs were then categorized into 2 subgroups: twenty infants of mother with pregestational diabetes and twenty-five infants of mothers with gestational diabetes. The studied groups underwent measurement of the maternal and neonatal glycated Hb % (HbA1c), conventional echocardiography, tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) and two-dimensional speckle tracking imaging (STI). The weight, the rate of complications, and the rate of cesarean section were significantly higher in the IDMs group than in the control group. Significant positive correlation was present between the levels of HbA1c of IDMs and HbA1c of their mothers (P < 0.05). A significant deterioration of both systolic and diastolic functions measured by both conventional echocardiography and TDI was present in IDMs with both pre-gestational and gestational diabetes compared with the control group. Also, the septal/posterior wall ratio (SW/PW) was significantly higher in pregestational (1.86 +/- A 0.3) and gestational (2 +/- A 0.4) groups than in the control group (1 +/- A 0.06). Two-dimensional STI showed that the cardiac torsion was significantly impaired in pre-gestational (9.66 +/- A 2.5) and gestational (8.66 +/- A 3.9) groups when compared with the control group (5.4 +/- A 2.4) [P < 0.0001]. It also showed that the global strain was significantly impaired in pre-gestational (-10.4 +/- A 3.2) and gestational (-13.1 +/- A 4.7) groups when compared with the control group (-19 +/- A 2) [P < 0.0001]. However, no significant differences were present among the two patients' subgroups in echocardiographic data except for a significant decrease of E'/A' ratio and S wave at tricuspid annulus derived by TDI and impaired global strain derived by STI in infants of mothers with pre-gestational DM than those with gestational DM [P = 0.02]. SW/PW and cardiac torsion were significantly higher in infant of diabetic mother than the normal newborn and on the contrary systolic function and global strain were significantly lower in IDMs especially in infants of mother with pre-gestational diabetes. All the previous TDI findings did not show any significant correlation to neither maternal nor fetal HbA1c. Also, there was no significant correlation between cardiac torsion and the rest of TDI data neither in IDMs group nor in the control group. TDI and two-dimensional STI were efficient and sensitive tools able to early detect cardiac dysfunction in IDMs even in the absence of morphologic cardiac changes.
Body Mass Index, Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes, and Cardiovascular Disease Risk; BACKGROUND: Obesity is a well-established risk factor for both adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, it is not known whether APOs are mediators or markers of the obesity-CVD relationship. This study examined the association between body mass index, APOs, and postpartum CVD risk factors.METHODS: The sample included adults from the nuMoM2b (Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-To-Be) Heart Health Study who were enrolled in their first trimester (6 weeks-13 weeks 6 days gestation) from 8 United States sites. Participants had a follow-up visit at 3.7 years postpartum. APOs, which included hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, small-for-gestational-age birth, and gestational diabetes, were centrally adjudicated. Mediation analyses estimated the association between early pregnancy body mass index and postpartum CVD risk factors (hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes) and the proportion mediated by each APO adjusted for demographics and baseline health behaviors, psychosocial stressors, and CVD risk factor levels.RESULTS: Among 4216 participants enrolled, mean +/- SD maternal age was 27 +/- 6 years. Early pregnancy prevalence of overweight was 25%, and obesity was 22%. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy occurred in 15%, preterm birth in 8%, small-for-gestational-age birth in 11%, and gestational diabetes in 4%. Early pregnancy obesity, compared with normal body mass index, was associated with significantly higher incidence of postpartum hypertension (adjusted odds ratio, 1.14 [95% CI, 1.10-1.18]), hyperlipidemia (1.11 [95% CI, 1.08-1.14]), and diabetes (1.03 [95% CI, 1.01-1.04]) even after adjustment for baseline CVD risk factor levels. APOs were associated with higher incidence of postpartum hypertension (1.97 [95% CI, 1.61-2.40]) and hyperlipidemia (1.31 [95% CI, 1.03-1.67]). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy mediated a small proportion of the association between obesity and incident hypertension (13% [11%-15%]) and did not mediate associations with incident hyperlipidemia or diabetes. There was no significant mediation by preterm birth or small-for-gestational-age birth.CONCLUSIONS: There was heterogeneity across APO subtypes in their association with postpartum CVD risk factors and mediation of the association between early pregnancy obesity and postpartum CVD risk factors. However, only a small or nonsignificant proportion of the association between obesity and CVD risk factors was mediated by any of the APOs, suggesting APOs are a marker of prepregnancy CVD risk and not a predominant cause of postpartum CVD risk.
Original Findings and Updated Meta-Analysis for the Association Between Maternal Diabetes and Risk for Congenital Heart Disease Phenotypes; Maternal diabetes is associated with congenital heart defects (CHDs) as a group, but few studies have assessed risk for specific CHD phenotypes. We analyzed these relationships using data from the Texas Birth Defects Registry and statewide vital records for deliveries taking place in 1999-2009 (n = 48,249 cases). We used Poisson regression to calculate prevalence ratios for the associations between maternal diabetes (pregestational or gestational) and each CHD phenotype, adjusting for potential confounders. Analyses were repeated by type of diabetes. To address the potential for misclassification bias, we performed logistic regression, using malformed controls. We also conducted meta-analyses, combining our estimates of the association between pregestational diabetes and each CHD phenotype with previous estimates. The prevalence of every CHD phenotype was greater among women with pregestational diabetes than among nondiabetic women. Most of these differences were statistically significant (adjusted prevalence ratios = 2.47-13.20). Associations were slightly attenuated for many CHD phenotypes among women with gestational diabetes. The observed associations did not appear to be the result of misclassification bias. In our meta-analysis, pregestational diabetes was significantly associated with each CHD phenotype. These findings contribute to a better understanding of the teratogenic effects of maternal diabetes and improved counseling for risk of specific CHD phenotypes.
Ideal Cardiovascular Health and Vascular Phenotype Associations in Mothers with Obesity and Their Six-Year-Old Children; Background: Heredity and family-shared lifestyle contribute to cardiovascular risk, but the magnitude of their influence on arterial structure and function in early childhood is unknown. We aimed to assess associations between child and maternal ideal cardiovascular health, maternal subclinical atherosclerosis, and child arterial phenotype. Methods: Cross-sectional analysis of 201 mother-child pairs originating from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL) longitudinal cohort was done at child age 6.1 +/- 0.5 years with assessments of ideal cardiovascular health (BMI, blood pressure, fasting glucose, total cholesterol, diet quality, physical activity, smoking), body composition, very-high frequency ultrasound of carotid arteries (25 and 35 MHz), and pulse wave velocity. Results: We found no association between child and maternal ideal cardiovascular health but report evidence of particular metrics correlations: total cholesterol (r=0.24, P=0.003), BMI (r=0.17, P=0.02), diastolic blood pressure (r=0.15, P=0.03), and diet quality (r=0.22, P=0.002). Child arterial phenotype was not associated with child or maternal ideal cardiovascular health. In the multivariable regression explanatory model adjusted for child sex, age, systolic blood pressure, lean body mass, and body fat percentage, child carotid intima-media thickness was independently associated only with maternal carotid intima-media thickness (0.1 mm increase [95% CI 0.05, 0.21, P=0.001] for each 1 mm increase in maternal carotid intima-media thickness). Children of mothers with subclinical atherosclerosis had decreased carotid artery distensibility (1.1 +/- 0.2 vs 1.2 +/- 0.2%/10 mmHg, P=0.01) and trend toward increased carotid intima-media thickness (0.37 +/- 0.04 vs 0.35 +/- 0.04 mm, P=0.06). Conclusion: Ideal Cardiovascular Health metrics are heterogeneously associated in mother-child pairs in early childhood. We found no evidence of child or maternal Ideal Cardiovascular Health effect on child arterial phenotype. Maternal carotid intima-media thickness predicts child carotid intima-media thickness, but the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Maternal subclinical atherosclerosis is associated with local carotid arterial stiffness in early childhood.
Association Between Maternal Glucose Levels in Gestational Diabetes Screening and Subsequent Hypertension; BACKGROUND:We assessed the association between maternal glucose levels in pregnancy and subsequent hypertension.METHODS:This population-level, retrospective cohort study examined women aged 12 to 54 years with singleton pregnancies completed at & GE;29 weeks of gestation from October 1, 2008 to December 1, 2018 followed until March 31, 2019 in Alberta, Canada. Women were stratified by results in the 50-gram glucose challenge test and by 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test subtypes (normal oral glucose tolerance test, elevated fasting plasma glucose only [elevated fasting], elevated postload glucose only, or both elevated fasting and postload glucose [combined]. Time to development of hypertension was modeled using Cox proportional hazards models.RESULTS:Of 313 361 women, 231 008 (79.1%) underwent a glucose challenge test only while 60 909 (20.9%) underwent either an oral glucose tolerance test only or both. Nine thousand five hundred eighty (3.1%) developed hypertension, and 2824 (0.9%) developed cardiovascular disease over a median follow-up of 5.7 years. Every 1-mmol/L increase in glucose in the glucose challenge test increased the risk of subsequent hypertension by 15% (adjusted hazard ratio and 95% CI, 1.15 [1.14-1.16]). Among those who underwent the oral glucose tolerance test, the combined group conferred the highest risk of subsequent hypertension, followed by elevated fasting, then elevated postload glucose only (reference: glucose challenge test & LE;7.1 mmol/L, adjusted hazard ratio [95% CI]: elevated postload glucose only, 1.83 [1.68-2.00]; elevated fasting 2.02 [1.70-2.40]; combined, 2.65 [2.33-3.01]). No significant associations between maternal glucose levels and cardiovascular disease were observed.CONCLUSIONS:Increasing maternal glucose levels in pregnancy were associated with increasing risk of subsequent hypertension. These findings may help identify higher-risk women who should be targeted for earlier postpartum cardiovascular risk reduction.
Complications and challenges associated with polycystic ovary syndrome: current perspectives; Polycystic ovary syndrome ( PCOS) represents the most common endocrine dysfunction in fertile women and it is considered a heterogeneous and multifaceted disorder, with multiple reproductive and metabolic phenotypes which differently affect the early- and long-term syndrome's risks. Women with PCOS present an adverse reproductive profile, including a high risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus. Patients with PCOS present not only a higher prevalence of classic cardiovascular risk factors, such as hypertension, dyslipidemia, and type-2 diabetes mellitus, but also of non-classic cardiovascular risk factors, including mood disorders, such as depression and anxiety. Moreover, at the moment, clinical data on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in women with PCOS are controversial. Finally, women with PCOS show an increased risk of endometrial cancer compared to non-PCOS healthy women, particularly during premenopausal period. Currently, we are unable to clarify if the increased PCOS early- and long-term risks are totally due to PCOS per se or mostly due to obesity, in particular visceral obesity, that characterized the majority of PCOS patients. In any case, the main endocrine and gynecological scientific societies agree to consider women with PCOS at increased risk of obstetric, cardiometabolic, oncology, and psychological complications throughout life, and it is recommended that these women be accurately assessed with periodic follow-up.
Pre-pregnancy body mass index combined with peripheral blood PLGF, DCN, LDH, and UA in a risk prediction model for pre-eclampsia; Objective This study analyzes the levels of peripheral blood placental growth factor (PLGF), body mass index (BMI), decorin (DCN), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), uric acid (UA), and clinical indicators of patients with preeclampsia (PE), and establishes a predictive risk model of PE, which can provide a reference for early and effective prediction of PE. Methods 81 cases of pregnant women with PE who had regular prenatal checkups and delivered in Jinshan Branch of Shanghai Sixth People's Hospital from June 2020 to December 2022 were analyzed, and 92 pregnant women with normal pregnancies who had their antenatal checkups and delivered at the hospital during the same period were selected as the control group. Clinical data and peripheral blood levels of PLGF, DCN, LDH, and UA were recorded, and the two groups were subjected to univariate screening and multifactorial logistic regression analysis. Based on the screening results, the diagnostic efficacy of PE was evaluated using the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. Risk prediction nomogram model was constructed using R language. The Bootstrap method (self-sampling method) was used to validate and produce calibration plots; the decision curve analysis (DCA) was used to assess the clinical benefit rate of the model. Results There were statistically significant differences in age, pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational weight gain, history of PE or family history, family history of hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, and history of renal disease between the two groups (P < 0.05). The results of multifactorial binary logistic stepwise regression revealed that peripheral blood levels of PLGF, DCN, LDH, UA, and pre-pregnancy BMI were independent influences on the occurrence of PE (P < 0.05). The area under the curve of PLGF, DCN, LDH, UA levels and pre-pregnancy BMI in the detection of PE was 0.952, with a sensitivity of 0.901 and a specificity of 0.913, which is better than a single clinical diagnostic indicator. The results of multifactor analysis were constructed as a nomogram model, and the mean absolute error of the calibration curve of the modeling set was 0.023, suggesting that the predictive probability of the model was generally compatible with the actual value. DCA showed the predictive model had a high net benefit in the range of 5% to 85%, suggesting that the model has clinical utility value. Conclusion The occurrence of PE is related to the peripheral blood levels of PLGF, DCN, LDH, UA and pre-pregnancy BMI, and the combination of these indexes has a better clinical diagnostic value than a single index. The nomogram model constructed by using the above indicators can be used for the prediction of PE and has high predictive efficacy.
How Informal Carers Support Video Consulting in Physiotherapy, Heart Failure, and Cancer: Qualitative Study Using Linguistic Ethnography; Background: Informal carers play an important role in the everyday care of patients and the delivery of health care services. They aid patients in transportation to and from appointments, and they provide assistance during the appointments (eg, answering questions on the patient's behalf). Video consultations are often seen as a way of providing patients with easier access to care. However, few studies have considered how this affects the role of informal carers and how they are needed to make video consultations safe and feasible. Objective: This study aims to identify how informal carers, usually friends or family who provide unpaid assistance, support patients and clinicians during video consultations. Methods: We conducted an in-depth analysis of the communication in a sample of video consultations drawn from 7 clinical settings across 4 National Health Service Trusts in the United Kingdom. The data set consisted of 52 video consultation recordings (of patients with diabetes, gestational diabetes, cancer, heart failure, orthopedic problems, long-term pain, and neuromuscular rehabilitation) and interviews with all participants involved in these consultations. Using Linguistic Ethnography, which embeds detailed analysis of verbal and nonverbal communication in the context of the interaction, we examined the interactional, technological, and clinical work carers did to facilitate video consultations and help patients and clinicians overcome challenges of the remote and video -mediated context. Results: Most patients (40/52, 77%) participated in the video consultation without support from an informal carer. Only 23% (12/52) of the consultations involved an informal carer. In addition to facilitating the clinical interaction (eg, answering questions on behalf of the patient), we identified 3 types of work that informal carers did: facilitating the use of technology; addressing problems when the patient could not hear or understand the clinician; and assisting with physical examinations, acting as the eyes, ears, and hands of the clinician. Carers often stayed in the background, monitoring the consultation to identify situations where they might be needed. In doing so, copresent carers reassured patients and helped them conduct the activities that make up a consultation. However, carers did not necessarily help patients solve all the challenges of a video consultation (eg, aiming the camera while laying hands on the patient during an examination). We compared cases where an informal carer was copresent with cases where the patient was alone, which showed that carers provided an important safety net, particularly for patients who were frail and experienced mobility difficulties. Conclusions: Informal carers play a critical role in making video consultations safe and feasible, particularly for patients with limited technological experience or complex needs. Guidance and research on video consulting need to consider the availability and work done by informal carers and how they can be supported in providing patients access to digital health care services.
Cardiovascular origins of preeclampsia; Purpose of reviewTo review the current data on maternal cardiovascular adaptation in normal pregnancy and preeclampsia.Recent findingsDefective placentation causes early-onset preeclampsia, a disease entity that is considered more or less distinct from late-onset preeclampsia. The latter has been attributed as maternal' preeclampsia. There are inconsistencies with the placental origins hypothesis, especially when considering the lack of a causative association with abnormal placental histology or impaired fetal growth. An alternative explanation is that placental dysfunction is secondary to maternal cardiovascular maladaptation in pregnancy. The concept that placental dysfunction is secondary to a maternal disorder is not new when one considers the clinical similarities between preeclampsia and gestational diabetes - both pregnancy-specific conditions that are cured by birth. It is accepted that gestational diabetes develops when the maternal pancreas is unable to manage the increasing glucose load of pregnancy. It is now apparent that pregnancy presents a substantial cardiovascular load on the maternal heart, and that cardiovascular dysfunction precedes the disorder, predominates in the clinical syndrome and persists for several decades postpartum. It is time to consider the evidence that failure of the maternal cardiovascular system to adapt to pregnancy may well be the primary mechanism leading to secondary placental dysfunction in preeclampsia.SummaryMany of the existing paradoxes of preeclampsia challenge the placental origin hypothesis and are explained if one considered preeclampsia to be a cardiovascular syndrome.
Lifestyle INtervention for Diabetes prevention After pregnancy (LINDA-Brasil): study protocol for a multicenter randomized controlled trial; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a hyperglycemic state detected during pregnancy, is an established risk factor for diabetes. However, treatment during pregnancy in and of itself is not able to eliminate this risk, and a considerable fraction of women with GDM will develop frank diabetes in the decade following pregnancy. Our aim is to conduct a multicenter randomized controlled trial to investigate the effectiveness of a lifestyle intervention program implemented after a pregnancy complicated by GDM in delaying or preventing the development of type 2 diabetes. Methods: Women aged 18 or older identified as having recent GDM are recruited and followed by telephone to assess eligibility for the trial. To be eligible, women must have used insulin during pregnancy or present intermediate hyperglycemia postpartum. Women are encouraged to enter the trial as early as 10 weeks, and are permitted to do so up to 2 years after a pregnancy with GDM. An estimated 740 women will be randomized to either conventional care or to coach-based interventions focused on breastfeeding, weight loss, healthy eating, and increased physical activity, and predominantly delivered by telephone. Women are followed annually to detect new onset diabetes, the primary outcome, and additional secondary outcomes which include reversion to normoglycemia, weight loss, physical activity and fitness, and insulin resistance. Discussion: Though previous studies have demonstrated that type 2 diabetes can be delayed or prevented, no study has yet demonstrated the feasibility and effectiveness of similar interventions implemented in the postpartum period for women with recent GDM. If shown to be successful, this approach could become an important means of preventing diabetes in primary care settings.
Short-term neonatal outcome in diabetic versus non-diabetic pregnancies complicated by non-reassuring foetal heart rate tracings; Objective: Analysis of the impact of non-reassuring foetal heart rate patterns (FHR) and suspected foetal distress during active labour on the neonatal outcome in diabetic compared to non-diabetic mothers. Methods: Retrospective case-control study comparing the short-term neonatal outcome including Apgar score at 5 min, and arterial/venous umbilical cord blood pH of 57 deliveries of women with different types of diabetes and 114 healthy controls. Patients were selected out of all deliveries with suspected foetal distress during active labour and performed foetal scalp pH samplings (n = 590) at the Medical University of Graz, Austria, during 2008-2009. Results: Arterial pH was significantly lower in the diabetic group (7.215 versus 7.250, p = 0.007). Apgar scores (48) at 5 min were similar in both groups (96.5% versus 95.6%, p = 0.566). The percentage of cases with foetal scalp blood pH <7.25 was higher in the diabetes group, but did not reach statistical significance (14.1% versus 7.1%, p = 0.166). Conclusions: Newborns of women with gestational and type 1 diabetes and non-reassuring FHR tracing have significantly lower arterial cord blood pH values without consequences on neonatal postpartum adaptation. Special attention to pathological changes in FHR patterns and to the more rapid decline in foetal pH during periods of foetal distress may be warranted in women with gestational and pre-conceptional diabetes during active labour. More frequent foetal scalp pH testing to rule out clinically relevant foetal acidosis needs to be discussed.
Heterogeneity of gestational diabetes (GDM) and long-term risk of diabetes and metabolic syndrome: findings from the RADIEL study follow-up; To assess the metabolic health of obese and non-obese women at high GDM risk 5 years postpartum. This is a secondary analysis of the 5-year follow-up of the RADIEL GDM prevention study including 333 women at high GDM risk (BMI ae<yen> 30 kg/m(2) and/or previous GDM). Five years postpartum metabolic health was assessed including anthropometric measurements, oral glucose tolerance test, lipid metabolism, and body composition as well as medical history questionnaires. For the analysis, we divided the women into four groups based on parity, BMI, and previous history of GDM. Five years postpartum impaired glucose regulation (IFG, IGT, or diabetes) was diagnosed in 15% of the women; 3.6% had type 2 diabetes. The highest prevalence was observed among obese women with a history of GDM (26%), and the lowest prevalence (8%) among primiparous obese women (p = 0.021). At follow-up 25-39% of the obese women fulfilled the diagnostic criteria for the metabolic syndrome, in the non-obese group 11% (p < 0.001). This was associated with body fat percentage. The non-obese group, however, faced metabolic disturbances (IFG, IGT, diabetes, or metabolic syndrome) at a significantly lower BMI (p < 0.001). Among women who were non-obese before pregnancy, 5 years postpartum, the obesity prevalence based on BMI was 14% and based on body fat percentage 58%. The prevalence of impaired glucose regulation and metabolic syndrome is high 5 years postpartum among women at high risk of GDM. There are high-risk women also among the non-obese, who develop metabolic derangements already at a lower BMI.
Intrapartum cardiotocography (CTG) and ST-analysis of labor in diabetic patients; Aim: To determine the prevalence and types of intrapartum cardiotocography (CTG) patterns and investigate their relationship to moderate acidemia in term fetuses of diabetic mothers. Also, to assess if the combination of fetal electrocardiogram (FECG) and those CTG patterns strengthens the association with moderate acidemia. Material and methods: The material for this study is obtained from the Swedish randomized control trial and the European Union ST-analysis trial. We developed an analytical model for CTG patterns based on the progress in CTG changes, in a longitudinal periodic manner. The model was then combined with information regarding changes in ST interval that indicate threatening asphyxia, and the findings were analyzed to determine correlation with the presence of moderate acidemia at birth. Results: This study involved data of 413 diabetic mothers. A preterminal CTG was more common in the diabetes mellitus (DM) group (6/70, 8.6%) than in the gestational diabetes (GD) group (3/307, 1.0%; P=0.003). For diabetic mothers (i.e., DM+GD) with a normal CTG at the start of monitoring, the presence of FECG data indicating asphyxia significantly increased the likelihood of an umbilical artery pH < 7.15 at birth wodds ratio (OR) = 3.65, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.33-10.05]. Among labors where the CTG was non-reassuring at the start of monitoring, no significant association was found between pH < 7.15 and indication to intervene according to FECG information (OR = 1.51, 95% CI = 0.33-7.0). Conclusions: A preterminal CTG is more common in the fetuses of DM than GD mothers during labor. When CTG was normal at the start of recording, the addition of FECG information gave a significant add on information to predict moderate acidemia.
Hyperglycemia in Pregnancy and Women's Health in the 21st Century; Hyperglycemia is the commonest medical condition affecting pregnancy and its incidence is increasing globally in parallel with the twin epidemics of diabetes and obesity. Both pre-pregnancy diabetes and gestational diabetes are associated with short term pregnancy complications, with the risk of immediate complications generally broadly rising with more severe hyperglycemia. In this article we firstly consider these risks and their optimal management during pregnancy and then broaden our scope to consider the long-term implications of hyperglycemia in pregnancy as it relates to overall maternal and offspring health in a life course perspective.
Glycolysis: A fork in the path of normal and pathological pregnancy; Glucose metabolism is vital to the survival of living organisms. Since the discovery of the Warburg effect in the 1920s, glycolysis has become a major research area in the field of metabolism. Glycolysis has been extensively studied in the field of cancer and is considered as a promising therapeutic target. However, research on the role of glycolysis in pregnancy is limited. Recent evidence suggests that blastocysts, trophoblasts, decidua, and tumors all acquire metabolic energy at specific stages in a highly similar manner. Glycolysis, carefully controlled throughout pregnancy, maintains a dynamic and coordinated state, so as to maintain the homeostasis of the maternal-fetal interface and ensure normal gestation. In the present review, we investigate metabolic remodeling and the selective propensity of the embryo and placenta for glycolysis. We then address dysregulated glycolysis that occurs in the cellular interactive network at the maternal-fetal interface in miscarriage, preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, and gestational diabetes mellitus. We provide new insights into the field of maternal-fetal medicine from a metabolic perspective, thus revealing the mystery of human pregnancy. Glycolysis is carefully controlled throughout pregnancy in a dynamic and coordinated manner, so as to maintain the homeostasis of the maternal-fetal interface and ensure normal gestation. Dysregulated glycolysis in the cellular interactive network can lead to miscarriage, preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, and gestational diabetes mellitus.image
Is improvement in the Healthy Food Intake Index (HFII) related to a lower risk for gestational diabetes?; The aim was to analyse whether changes in the Healthy Food Intake Index (HFII) during pregnancy are related to gestational diabetes (GDM) risk. The 251 pregnant women participating had a pre-pregnancy BMI >= 30 kg/m(2) and/or a history of GDM. A 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed during the first and second trimesters of pregnancy for assessment of GDM. A normal OGTT result at first trimester was an inclusion criterion for the study. FFQ collected at first and second trimesters served for calculating the HFII. A higher HFII score reflects higher adherence to the Nordic Nutrition Recommendations (NNR) (score range 0-17). Statistical methods included Student's t test, Mann-Whitney U test, Fisher's exact test and linear and logistic regression analyses. The mean HFII at first trimester was 10.1 (95 % CI 9.7, 10.4) points, and the mean change from the first to the second trimester was 0.35 (95 % CI 0.09, 0.62) points. The range of the HFII changes varied from -7 to 7. The odds for GDM decreased with higher HFII change (adjusted OR 0.83 per one unit increase in HFII; 95 % CI 0.69, 0.99; P=0.043). In the analysis of the association between HFII-sub-indices and GDM, odds for GDM decreased with higher HFII-Fat change (fat percentage of milk and cheese, type of spread and cooking fats) but it was not significant in a fully adjusted model (P=0.058). Dietary changes towards the NNR during pregnancy seem to be related to a lower risk for GDM.
Noninherited risk factors and congenital cardiovascular defects: Current knowledge a scientific statement from the American Heart Association Council on cardiovascular disease in the young; Prevention of congenital cardiovascular defects has been hampered by a lack of information about modifiable risk factors for abnormalities in cardiac development. Over the past decade, there have been major breakthroughs in the understanding of inherited causes of congenital heart disease, including the identification of specific genetic abnormalities for some types of malformations. Although relatively less information has been available on noninherited modifiable factors that may have an adverse effect on the fetal heart, there is a growing body of epidemiological literature on this topic. This statement summarizes the currently available literature on potential fetal exposures that might alter risk for cardiovascular defects. Information is summarized for periconceptional multivitamin or folic acid intake, which may reduce the risk of cardiac disease in the fetus, and for additional types of potential exposures that may increase the risk, including maternal illnesses, maternal therapeutic and nontherapeutic drug exposures, environmental exposures, and paternal exposures. Information is highlighted regarding definitive risk factors such as maternal rubella; phenylketonuria; pregestational diabetes; exposure to thalidomide, vitamin A cogeners, or retinoids; and indomethacin tocolysis. Caveats regarding interpretation of possible exposure-outcome relationships from case-control studies are given because this type of study has provided most of the available information. Guidelines for prospective parents that could reduce the likelihood that their child will have a major cardiac malformation are given. Issues related to pregnancy monitoring are discussed. Knowledge gaps and future sources of new information on risk factors are described.
Diabetes and pregnancy: analysis of pregnant women submitted to fetal echocardiography during a ten-year period; Objectives: To analyze diabetic pregnant women who underwent fetal echocardiography, from April 1993 to December 2003, and to identify the fetal echocardiographic abnormalities and postnatal outcome. Methods: A retrospective cross-sectional study of 178 diabetic pregnant women who underwent fetal echocardiography. Clinical and laboratory maternal, fetal echocardiographic, delivery and newborn variables were studied. Means were calculated for quantitative variables and percentages for qualitative variables. Analysis of variance, Student's t test and the Dunnet's test were used. The adopted level of significance was p < 0.05. Results: There were 20,493 deliveries in the period considered, of which 380 were of diabetic mothers and 178 of them were studied. Mean age was 33.7 years (+/- 5.0). The mean body mass index (BMI) at the first prenatal appointment was 28.0 kg/m(2). The majority (84.8%) underwent fetal echocardiography at >= 28 weeks of gestation. Nine cases of interventricular septum hypertrophy were found (5.1%), three cases (1.7%) of cardiac malformation were identified, one of which was a false-positive and, among the normal cases, one false-negative was identified. Six stillbirths occurred, three from women with gestational diabetes (2.4%) and three from type 2 diabetics (6.3%, p = 0.305). The rates of major congenital malformations among gestational and type 2 diabetes were 5.6 and 10.4%, respectively (p = 0,322). Conclusions: The sample studied showed older women, of higher than normal BMI. Only few type-1 diabetes patients were observed. The frequency of malformation and perinatal mortality rate were similar to those reported in the literature. Perinatal outcomes in this population were also similar to those referred in the literature.
Maternal and Child Health, Non-Communicable Diseases and Metabolites; Mothers influence the health and disease trajectories of their children, particularly during the critical developmental windows of fetal and neonatal life reflecting the gestational-fetal and lactational-neonatal phases. As children grow and develop, they are exposed to various stimuli and insults, such as metabolites, that shape their physiology and metabolism to impact their health. Non-communicable diseases, such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease, cancer and mental illness, have high global prevalence and are increasing in incidence. Non-communicable diseases often overlap with maternal and child health. The maternal milieu shapes progeny outcomes, and some diseases, such as gestational diabetes and preeclampsia, have gestational origins. Metabolite aberrations occur from diets and physiological changes. Differential metabolite profiles can predict the onset of non-communicable diseases and therefore inform prevention and/or better treatment. In mothers and children, understanding the metabolite influence on health and disease can provide insights for maintaining maternal physiology and sustaining optimal progeny health over the life course. The role and interplay of metabolites on physiological systems and signaling pathways in shaping health and disease present opportunities for biomarker discovery and identifying novel therapeutic agents, particularly in the context of maternal and child health, and non-communicable diseases.
Risk factors and pregnancy outcome in women aged over 40 years at Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital in Accra, Ghana; Objective To examine the risk factors and pregnancy outcomes in women aged 40 years and older at the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital, Accra, Ghana. Methods A descriptive case-control study comparing women aged 40 years and older at the time of delivery with those between 20 and 34 who delivered at the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital between April 1, 2014 and March 31, 2015. Data were collected using interviewer-administered questionnaires and supplemented with information from patients' medical records. A multivariate logistic regression was used to estimate the odds ratio and the 95% confidence interval of various risk factors and complications associated with delivery in women aged 40 years or older. Statistical significance was set at P There were 339 women in the study of which 113 were aged 40 years or older and 226 were aged between 20 and 34 years. Delivery at age 40 years or older was associated with grand multiparity, and unplanned and undesirable pregnancy. There was a higher incidence of gestational diabetes (7.1% vs 2.2%, P=0.036), cesarean delivery (70.1% vs 57.1%, P=0.018), and venous thromboembolism (VTE) (7.1% vs 1.3%, P=0.008) among women older than 40 years. VTE risk was increased sixfold in the women older than 40 years compared with the younger ones. Conclusion Women delivering after age 40 years had a higher incidence of gestational diabetes, cesarean delivery, and VTE compared with younger women. VTE risk increased sixfold in the older women.
Normal and gestational diabetic pregnancies -: <i>Lipids, lipoproteins and apolipoproteins</i>; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate plasma lipids, lipoproteins and apolipoprotein changes induced by gestational diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: In this case-control study, 60 women between 26 and 32 weeks of pregnancy were allocated to four groups according to lipid status and glucose tolerance: (1) normolipemia and no gestational diabetes, (2) normolipemia and gestational diabetes, (3) hyperlipemia and no gestational diabetes, and (4) hyperlipemia and gestational diabetes. Total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, very low density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDLc), triglycerides, triglycerides/very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), apolipoproteins (APO) A(1) anti APO B, APO B-VLDL and APO B/low-density lipoyrotein were measured. RESULTS: There were no statistically significant differences in the normolipemic group of women. Among the hyperlipemic patients, gestational diabetic women showed lower VLDLc when compared to nondiabetic patients. CONCLUSION: Our results, comparing groups separated groups by lipid status, show that the only difference In lipid profile associated with glucose intolerance is lower VLDLc in hyperlipemic patients.
Association Between Diabetes During Pregnancy and Peripartum Cardiomyopathy: A Population-Level Analysis of 309,825 Women; Background: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a form of heart failure associated with pregnancy. The objectives of our study were to determine the incidence and outcomes (maternal and neonatal) of PPCM and its association with diabetes mellitus (DM) in a contemporary population-based cohort. Methods: The cohort consisted of 309,825 women with a birth of at least 1 live newborn between January 01, 2005 and September 30, 2014, resulting in 469,150 birth events and 477,089 live newborns. A modified PPCM definition was used, allowing from 32 weeks' gestation and up to 6 months postpartum. Women were categorized according to DM status. Results: A total of 194 PPCM birth events were identified, for an incidence rate of 1/2418 births. Women with PPCM were older, often primiparous, and more likely to have multiple gestations, pre-existing DM, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Although the overall numbers were low, the incidence of PPCM was higher in pregnancies in women with pre-existing DM (1/613 birth events) and gestational DM (1/1751 birth events) vs those with neither (1/2550 birth events). Over a mean follow-up of 3.9 years, the mortality rate was higher in women affected by PPCM than in those who were not, with few deaths overall. Neonatal death was uncommon in the entire cohort but was numerically greater in the PPCM group. Conclusions: The incidence of PPCM in Alberta, Canada was approximately 1/2400 births and was modulated by the presence of DM in pregnancy. The relationship between DM status and PPCM may be confounded by other vascular risk factors, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. There were few maternal or neonatal deaths in the overall cohort, but they were numerically higher in the PPCM group.
Exercise Guidelines in Pregnancy New Perspectives; In 2002, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists published exercise guidelines for pregnancy, which suggested that in the absence of medical or obstetric complications, 30 minutes or more of moderate exercise a day on most, if not all, days of the week is recommended for pregnant women. However, these guidelines did not define 'moderate intensity' or the specific amount of weekly caloric expenditure from physical activity required. Recent research has determined that increasing physical activity energy expenditure to a minimum of 16 metabolic equivalent task (MET) hours per week, or preferably 28 MET hours per week, and increasing exercise intensity to >= 60% of heart rate reserve during pregnancy, reduces the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus and perhaps hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (i.e. gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia) compared with less vigorous exercise. To achieve the target expenditure of 28 MET hours per week, one could walk at 3.2 km per hour for 11.2 hours per week (2.5 METs, light intensity), or preferably exercise on a stationary bicycle for 4.7 hours per week (similar to 6-7 METs, vigorous intensity). The more vigorous the exercise, the less total time of exercise is required per week, resulting in >= 60% reduction in total exercise time compared with light intensity exercise. Light muscle strengthening performed over the second and third trimester of pregnancy has minimal effects on a newborn infant's body size and overall health. On the basis of this and other information, updated recommendations for exercise in pregnancy are suggested.
Obstructive sleep apnea and pregnancy: the effect on perinatal outcomes; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is characterized by repeated episodes of upper airway obstruction, resulting in hypoxemia, hypercapnia and sleep fragmentation. Pathophysiological sequelae include sympathetic activation, increased oxidative stress and a generalized inflammatory response, culminating in endothelial dysfunction. These are the proposed mechanisms that mediate the increased risk of hypertension and cardiovascular disease among patients with OSA outside of pregnancy. It is intriguing to consider the consequences of these events on pregnancy outcomes. There is a growing literature on the impact of maternal OSA on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes and impaired fetal growth. The data, while promising, require confirmation with larger numbers to verify the findings. OSA may be an important mediator of the poor perinatal outcomes associated with maternal obesity; moreover, one which may be amenable to treatment. This review discusses OSA and summarizes the current literature linking OSA with adverse perinatal outcomes. Journal of Perinatology (2012) 32, 399-406; doi:10.1038/jp.2012.14; published online 23 February 2012
The Association Between FokI Vitamin D Receptor Polymorphisms With Metabolic Syndrome Among Pregnant Arab Women; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a serious health condition that is becoming extremely threatening in Saudi Arabia. The link between vitamin D receptor (VDR) gene polymorphisms and maternal MetS has been observed in several ethnic groups, but is yet to be clarified in the Arabian population. This study aims to investigate the relationship between the FokI VDR genotype and the risk of MetS and its components in pregnant Saudi women. A cross-sectional study was conducted using 368 pregnant Saudi women on first trimester screened for MetS (44 with MetS and 324 without MetS). Measurements included anthropometrics, glycemic and lipid profile and 25(OH)D. TaqMan genotyping assay was used to determine Fokl VDR genotype of participants. Vitamin D deficiency (25(OH)D <50nmol/l) was seen in 85% of the participants. An estimated 12% of participants had MetS. In the MetS group, the FokI VDR genotyping frequencies for FF, Ff, and ff genotypes were 50%, 36.4% and 13.6%, respectively. In controls, the frequencies were 62.7%, 31.4% and 5.9%, respectively. No significant association between the individual MetS components and FokI VDR genotypes were observed. Nevertheless, carriers of the ff allele had a significant risk for full maternal MetS [Odds Ratio 4.2 (95% Confidence Interval 1.4-12.2; adjusted p=0.009). The study suggests that the ff FokI VDR genotype is a genetic marker of maternal MetS in pregnant Arabian women. Prospective studies that include neonatal outcomes may confirm present findings.
Cardiovascular risk markers in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia; Objective: To explore biomarkers indicating cardiovascular disease in pregnant women with diabetes or preeclampsia, since these women are at increased risk for future cardiovascular disease. Study design: EDTA-plasma from 262 women in gestational week 24-42 (healthy pregnancies n = 71, preeclampsia n = 105, type 2 diabetes n = 17, gestational diabetes n = 61, diabetes with preeclampsia n = 8) was analyzed by immunoassay for neopterin, midregional pro-adrenomedullin (MR-proADM) and C-terminal pro-arginine vasopressin (CT-proAVP). The diabetes groups were also analyzed for midregional pro-atrial natriuretic peptide (MR-proANP), and compared to previously reported MR-proANP concentrations for healthy, normotensive and preeclamptic patients. Results: In contrast to preeclampsia, median plasma MR-proANP was not increased in pregnancies complicated by diabetes, but in fact lower, compared to healthy pregnancies. Neopterin was increased in diabetic pregnancies and in late onset preeclampsia, compared to healthy pregnancies. Median plasma MR-proADM was increased in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes or preeclampsia, compared to healthy pregnancies. Median plasma MR-proANP was increased in diabetic pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia compared to pregnant women with diabetes only. Conclusion: Women with pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia are at risk for future cardiovascular disease, but differ in circulating cardiovascular biomarker profile. A cardiovascular biomarker profiling during pregnancy might prove helpful in identifying women at risk for future cardiovascular disease, thus enabling targeted prophylactic interventions and follow-up. (C) 2012 International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
GSK3β and MCL-1 mediate cardiomyocyte apoptosis in response to high glucose; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for congenital heart defects. Our previous results indicated that a decrease in myocardial cells and an increase in apoptotic cells leads to heart defects under hyperglycemia, but much work remains to elucidate this important mechanism of myocardial cell apoptosis induced by high glucose (HG). In this study, we found that a decrease in GSK3 beta phosphorylation on Ser9 occurred concomitantly with HG-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis and in the heart tissues of the offspring of diabetic rats in vitro and in vivo. Decreases in GSK3 beta (Ser9) phosphorylation in response to HG were remarkably restored after treatment with SC79, an activator of the Akt signaling pathway. SB216763, an effective inhibitor of the GSK3 beta signaling pathway, suppressed HG-induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes. Further studies showed a decrease in the expression of the anti-apoptotic protein MCL-1 was associated with GSK3 beta-mediated apoptosis. MCL-1 overexpression partly inhibits HG-induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes. Herein, this study revealed the roles of GSK3 beta and MCL-1 in modulating HG-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis and maternal diabetes-induced abnormalities.
Perinatal programming in offspring of diabetic mothers: Clinical data; The epidemic of obesity and type 2 diabetes has a major impact on public health and underlines the urgency for identification of risk groups to target preventive strategies. Studies of developmental origins of health and disease have highlighted the possible role of intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes in the pathogenesis of overweight, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Furthermore, diabetes in pregnancy may also affect cognitive function in the offspring. This review primarily includes human studies of long-term implications for the offspring of maternal diabetes during pregnancy - with special focus on recent studies performed in Copenhagen. We find that fetuses exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia have a significantly increased risk of development of type 2 diabetes/prediabetes, overweight, and the metabolic syndrome in childhood and adult life. Thus, based on literature and own studies, we conclude that women with gestational diabetes or type 1 diabetes during pregnancy should be informed about the excess risk of overweight, type 2 diabetes, and the metabolic syndrome in their offspring and that preventive strategies toward diabetes and cardiovascular disease are urgently needed in the next generation.
Incidence of Fetal Myocardial Hypertrophy in Mother with Diabetes Mellitus by Using Cardio-Spatiotemporal Image Correlation (STIC) M-Mode; Objective: The aim was to demonstrate the prevalence of fetal myocardial hypertrophy (FMH) in diabetes mellitus (DM) pregnant women using spatio-temporal image correlation (STIC) M-mode.Material and Methods: This prospective descriptive study was conducted at Bhumibol Adulyadej Hospital (BAH) Royal Thai Air Force between April and December 2022. Participants were singleton DM pregnant women with gestational age (GA) between 18 and 40 weeks who had antenatal care and delivery at BAH. DM screening was randomized blood sugar obtained from all participants. All participants underwent fetal heart exams by four-dimension ultrasound with STIC M-mode.Results: One hundred and forty-five participants were recruited and classified as pregestational (PDM) and gestational DM (GDM) at 31 and 114 cases, respectively. The mean age of participants was 31.7 years old. Fasting blood sugar (FBS) of PDM was significantly higher than GDM (105.1 vs 87.0 mg%). GDMA2 had more elevated FBS than GDMA1 (p < 0.001). PDM had significantly greater FBS and two-hour postprandial blood sugar (2hr-PP) than GDM (105.1/87.0 and 151.5/117.9 mg%, respectively). FBS and 2hr-PP of GDMA2 were more than GDMA1 with statistical significance. Good glycemic control of GDM was significantly better than PDM. GDMA1 had better glycemic control than GDMA2 with statistical significance. Four-fifth (115/145) of participants had FMH. FMH and estimated fetal weight among PDM and GDM were comparable. Both good and poor glycemic control had similar FMH. Neonatal outcomes of FMH or non-FMH infants were similar.Conclusion: The prevalence of FMH in diabetic pregnant women was 79.3%. Glycemic control had no correlation to FMH.
Pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators Primary care approach to postpartum management and prevention of future disease; Objective To define pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators and their association with developing future cardiovascular disease (CVD), and to provide guidance on how primary care providers can help lower future CVD risk through early identification and intervention. Sources of information Primary research sources, systematic reviews and meta-analyses, and clinical review articles. Main message Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women. As underlying CVD risk factors are often present for years before the onset of CVD, it is important to use innovative ways to identify women who should undergo CVD risk screening at a younger age. Pregnancy and the postpartum period afford that opportunity, given that the development of certain pregnancy complications (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, idiopathic preterm birth, delivery of a baby with intrauterine growth restriction, or placental abruption) can reliably identify women with underlying, often unrecognized, CVD risk factors. Conclusion Women with 1 or more of these pregnancy complications should be identified at the time of delivery and have formalized postpartum follow- up, including a thorough history, a physical examination, biochemical screening, counseling around lifestyle modification, and possible therapeutic intervention. The link between pregnancy complications and future CVD affords the earliest opportunity for CVD risk assessment for health preservation and disease prevention.
Increased prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance in first-degree relatives of girls with a history of precocious pubarche; OBJECTIVE To assess whether abnormal responses to an oral glucose load, dyslipidaemia and hyperandrogenaemia, which are commonly found in girls with a history of precocious pubarche, can also be detected in first-degree relatives of these patients. PATIENTS AND DESIGN Sixty first-degree relatives (age, 41.4 +/- 4.4 years; BMI, 26.9 +/- 3.3 kg/m(2)) of girls diagnosed with precocious pubarche were studied. The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus and the hirsutism score were assessed in the females. The study was performed during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle in females and at random in males. MEASUREMENTS All subjects underwent a standard 75 g 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), Serum lipids and lipoproteins were measured in baseline blood samples in all subjects, while serum testosterone, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) levels and the free androgen indices were determined only in females. Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and type 2 diabetes mellitus were diagnosed according to the criteria of the Expert Committee on the Diagnosis and Classification of Diabetes Mellitus, RESULTS Seven subjects (11.6%) had type 2 diabetes while a further 14 (23.3%) had IGT; prevalences significantly higher than those reported for the present population of the same age (type 2 diabetes, 2.5% and IGT, 7.5%; P < 0.001 and P < 0.001, respectively). BMIs were similar in patients with either normal or abnormal glucose tolerance. Abnormal levels of at least two lipid parameters were found in 40% of subjects. Four out of 10 hirsute women and six non-hirsute women reported gestational diabetes. Mean serum SHBG levels were lower in female relatives compared with population controls (P < 0.0005). CONCLUSIONS First-degree relatives of girls with precocious pubarche are at a higher risk of impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes which, in most cases, is accompanied by an unfavourable lipid profile. Hyperandrogenism and an increased prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus are frequent among females. These data may prove useful in identifying a specific subset of the population at increased risk of developing metabolic disturbances known to predispose to cardiovascular disease.
Maternal cholesterol levels during gestation: boon or bane for the offspring?; An increase in cholesterol levels is perceived during pregnancy and is considered as a normal adaptive response to the development of the fetus. In some pregnancies, excessive increase in total cholesterol with high levels of Low-Density Lipoprotein leads to maladaptation by the fetus to cholesterol demands, resulting in a pathological condition termed as maternal hypercholesterolemia (MH). MH is considered clinically irrelevant and therefore cholesterol levels are not routinely checked during pregnancy, as a consequence of which there is scarce information on its global prevalence in pregnant women. Studies have reported that MH during pregnancy can cause atherogenesis in adults emphasizing the concept of in utero programming of fetus. Moreover, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, obesity and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome are potential risk factors which strengthen combined pathologies in placenta and fetuses of mothers with MH. However, lack of conclusive evidence on cholesterol transport and underlying programming demand substantial research to develop population-based life style strategies for women in their childbearing years. The current review focuses on the mechanisms and outcomes of MH from existing epidemiological as well as experimental data and presents a detailed insight on this novel risk factor of cardiovascular diseases.
Body size modifies the relationship between maternal serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations and gestational diabetes in high-risk women; Obesity increases the risk of low 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH) D) concentrations and gestational diabetes (GDM). We explored whether the association between GDM and change in 25(OH) D concentrations measured in the first (7-18 wk) and second (20-27 wk) trimesters of pregnancy is dependent on maternal BMI. The study was a prospective study of 219 women with BMI of >= 30 kg/m2, a history of GDM, or both. The participants were stratified by first-trimester BMI: BMI of <25.0, 25.0-29.9, 30.0-34.9, and >= 35 kg/m(2). In the BMI group >= 35 kg/m(2), those who did not develop GDM during the follow-up showed higher increase in serum 25(OH) D concentrations compared with women who developed GDM (43.2 vs. 11.5%; P < 0.001). No associations between 25(OH) D concentrations and GDM were observed in other BMI groups. These findings give an important aspect of the role of maternal body size in the association between vitamin D and GDM in high-risk women.
Variations in Awareness of Association Between Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Cardiovascular Risk by Specialty; Introduction Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death among women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), including pre-eclampsia (PE), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pre-term birth (PTB) are associated with future maternal CVD risk. However, data on awareness of the association between APOs and long-term CVD risk among physicians in different specialties are lacking. This study assessed awareness of this association and whether this knowledge varies by specialty. Methods An anonymous web-based voluntary survey was sent to physicians in internal medicine (IM), family medicine (FM), obstetrics-gynecology (Ob-Gyn) and cardiology. The questions aimed to assess a physician's knowledge regarding identification of APOs and their association with future CVD risk and knowledge of CVD risk factor screening in women with APOs and future CVD risk. Results The survey was completed by 53 physicians, of whom 21% were in IM, 26% in FM, 23% in Ob-Gyn and 30% in cardiology. Based on the responses, cardiologists screened most frequently for APOs, with 56% always screening a female patient and 31% often screening. Only half of the IM and FM physicians acknowledged awareness of the association between APOs and CVD risk. Respondents in all specialties recognized PE and GDM as APOs linked to long-term maternal CVD risk, but failed to associate PTB as an APO. The majority of physicians in IM, FM and cardiology also lacked the knowledge of how often to appropriately screen for CVD risk factors associated with APOs. Conclusion Awareness of the association between APO and future maternal CVD risk varies by specialty. A significant percentage of the physicians who responded to the survey did not routinely ask about APOs when assessing CVD risk and failed to identify PTB as a risk factor for APOs. Education on this topic and targeted efforts to improve screening for APOs are needed within all specialties to help reduce CVD morbidity and mortality.
Transposition of the great arteries; Transposition of the great arteries (TGA), also referred to as complete transposition, is a congenital cardiac malformation characterised by atrioventricular concordance and ventriculoarterial (VA) discordance. The incidence is estimated at 1 in 3,500 - 5,000 live births, with a male-to-female ratio 1.5 to 3.2:1. In 50% of cases, the VA discordance is an isolated finding. In 10% of cases, TGA is associated with noncardiac malformations. The association with other cardiac malformations such as ventricular septal defect (VSD) and left ventricular outflow tract obstruction is frequent and dictates timing and clinical presentation, which consists of cyanosis with or without congestive heart failure. The onset and severity depend on anatomical and functional variants that influence the degree of mixing between the two circulations. If no obstructive lesions are present and there is a large VSD, cyanosis may go undetected and only be perceived during episodes of crying or agitation. In these cases, signs of congestive heart failure prevail. The exact aetiology remains unknown. Some associated risk factors (gestational diabetes mellitus, maternal exposure to rodenticides and herbicides, maternal use of antiepileptic drugs) have been postulated. Mutations in growth differentiation factor-I gene, the thyroid hormone receptor-associated protein-2 gene and the gene encoding the cryptic protein have been shown implicated in discordant VA connections, but they explain only a small minority of TGA cases. The diagnosis is confirmed by echocardiography, which also provides the morphological details required for future surgical management. Prenatal diagnosis by foetal echocardiography is possible and desirable, as it may improve the early neonatal management and reduce morbidity and mortality. Differential diagnosis includes other causes of central neonatal cyanosis. Palliative treatment with prostaglandin EI and balloon atrial septostomy are usually required soon after birth. Surgical correction is performed at a later stage. Usually, the Jatene arterial switch operation is the procedure of choice. Whenever this operation is not feasible, adequate alternative surgical approach should be implemented. With the advent of newer and improved surgical techniques and post operative intensive care, the long-term survival is approximately 90% at 15 years of age. However, the exercise performance, cognitive function and quality of life may be impaired.
COVID-19 and Gestational Diabetes: The Role of Nutrition and Pharmacological Intervention in Preventing Adverse Outcomes; Pregnant women with GDM affected by COVID-19 seem to be at higher risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, especially those with overweight or obesity. Good glycemic control seems to be the most effective measure in reducing the risk of GDM and severe COVID-19. For such purposes, the Mediterranean diet, micronutrient supplementation, and physical activity are considered the first line of treatment. Failure to achieve glycemic control leads to the use of insulin, and this clinical scenario has been shown to be associated with an increased risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. In this review, we explore the current evidence pertaining to the pathogenesis of SARS-CoV-2 leading to the main complications caused by COVID-19 in patients with GDM. We also discuss the incidence of complications caused by COVID-19 in pregnant women with GDM according to their treatment.
\Metabolic Syndrome: Sex-Related Cardiovascular Risk and Therapeutic Approach; Background: The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of risk factors for the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). According to several meta-analyses, it has been shown that the cardiovascular (CV) risk conferred by the MetS is higher in women in comparison with men. There are many possible reasons to explain a higher CV risk in women with MetS: the most important differences can be attributed to distribution of central adiposity, lipid profile and hormones, but also differences in platelet biology and biochemistry play an important role. Methods: In this article we performed a research using PubMed database reviewing the evidence in literature (in particular clinical trials and meta-analyses) or lack of evidence/biased information regarding the distribution by gender of MetS components and associated CV risk and we intended to provide a consequent gender perspective to the treatment of MetS and CV risk. Results: Twenty-three papers were evaluated searching for sex differences in the prevalence of MetS and CV risk. We also identified fifty-six papers dealing with sex differences in adiposity, insulin resistance and hormonal regulation. In terms of gender-specific expression of MetS in chronic disease we analyzed thirty-one papers focusing the attention on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, rheumatoid arthritis and HIV infection. We also evaluated twenty papers focusing on gender differences in platelet biology/ reactivity and thirty-three papers on the gender approach in the treatment of MetS. The CV risk conferred by MetS segregates differently according to gender; differences between sexes may depend on the different representation of MetS components, gender-specific genetic, acquired metabolic and hormonal milieu and finally on a differential interaction between known risk factors and gender-specific properties, resulting in different degrees of pathophysiological events eventually leading to atherothrombosis. Regarding a potential sex-related therapeutic approach, even if gender-related differences exist in the pharmacokinetics of drugs for differences in body composition, plasma protein binding, metabolizing enzymes and difference in excretion characteristics, we have to acknowledge that women are under-represented in clinical trials, thus preventing from adequately challenging the efficacy and safety of drugs in this gender. Conclusion: While ncreasing knowledge exists regarding pathophysiological differences between genders in the prevalence of MetS components as well as in the associated car-diometabolic risk, underrepresentation of women in clinical trials and underutilization of guideline therapy, for instance in women with ischemic heart disease, largely flaw the interpretation of epidemiological and clinical evidence. Efforts should be undertaken to fight the so-called "Yentl syndrome" and to promote gender-specific drug trials, or at least studies where subgroup analyses by gender are pre-specified.
Antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy: high dimensional, propensity matched, population based cohort study; OBJECTIVE To evaluate maternal medical and perinatal outcomes associated with antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy. DESIGN High dimensional propensity score (HDPS) matched cohort study. SETTING Multiple linked population health administrative databases in the entire province of Ontario, Canada. PARTICIPANTS Among women who delivered a singleton infant between 2003 and 2012, and who were eligible for provincially funded drug coverage, those with >= 2 consecutive prescriptions for an antipsychotic medication during pregnancy, at least one of which was filled in the first or second trimester, were selected. Of these antipsychotic drug users, 1021 were matched 1: 1 with 1021 non-users by means of a HDPS algorithm. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES The main maternal medical outcomes were gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and venous thromboembolism. The main perinatal outcomes were preterm birth (<37 weeks), and a birth weight <3rd or >97th centile. Conditional Poisson regression analysis was used to generate rate ratios and 95% confidence intervals, adjusting for additionally prescribed non-antipsychotic psychotropic medications. RESULTS Compared with non-users, women prescribed an antipsychotic medication in pregnancy did not seem to be at higher risk of gestational diabetes (rate ratio 1.10 (95% CI 0.77 to 1.57)), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (1.12 (0.70 to 1.78)), or venous thromboembolism (0.95 (0.40 to 2.27)). The preterm birth rate, though high among antipsychotic users (14.5%) and matched non-users (14.3%), was not relatively different (rate ratio 0.99 (0.78 to 1.26)). Neither birth weight <3rd centile or >97th centile was associated with antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy (rate ratios 1.21 (0.81 to 1.82) and 1.26 (0.69 to 2.29) respectively). CONCLUSIONS Antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy had minimal evident impact on important maternal medical and short term perinatal outcomes. However, the rate of adverse outcomes is high enough to warrant careful assessment of maternal and fetal wellbeing among women prescribed an antipsychotic drug in pregnancy.
Features of endothelial dysfunction in umbilical cord vessels of women with gestational diabetes; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with increased oxidative stress and overexpression of inflammatory cytokines, both of which might lead to endothelial dysfunction and vascular disease. As such, GDM could be viewed as a sort of 'short lived' metabolic syndrome. As umbilical cord vessels represent a suitable model for the study of vascular alterations brought about by GDM, the aim of the present work was to characterize the phenotype of human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) chronically exposed to hyperglycaemia and to a pro-inflammatory environment during pregnancy so as to identify molecular modifications of cellular homoeostasis eventually impacting on endothelial dysfunction. Methods and result: Tissue specimens and HUVECs were obtained from umbilical cords of GDM and control women. As compared to controls, GD-HUVEC exhibited enhanced monocyte adhesion and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) expression and exposure on plasma membrane after tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) stimulation (Western blot, flow cytometer). As compared to control cells, GD-HUVEC in basal conditions exhibited enhanced monocyte adhesion, nitric oxide synthase (NOS) expression and activity (eNOS Real-Time polymerase chain reaction, Western Blot for eNOS total protein and monomers/dimers ratio, conversion of [3H]-L-arginine in [3H]-L-citrulline), increased O-2(-) generation together with increased NT levels (immunofluorescence) and reduced NO bioavailability (guanosine 30,50-monophosphate (cGMP) production, EIA). Furthermore, immunohistochemistry revealed increased eNOS and NT immunoreactivity in GD umbilical cords. Conclusion: Endothelial cells exposed in vivo even transiently to hyperglycaemia, oxidative stress and inflammation exhibit durable pro-atherogenic modifications. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Systematic review of effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of lifestyle interventions to improve clinical diabetes outcome measures in women with a history of GDM; Objective: Lifestyle interventions have been shown to be both effective and cost-effective in reducing diabetes and metabolic risk in high-risk populations. We systematically reviewed the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of lifestyle interventions on anthropometric, glycemic and cardiovascular outcomes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Method: Relevant randomized control trials (RCT) were identified by searching multiple electronic databases through 20th June 2018. Data were pooled using random-effects models. The review protocol was registered on the PROSPERO international prospective register of systematic reviews (PROSPERO 2016: CRD42018108870). Results: Twenty-one studies met the inclusion criteria and 16 studies with outcome data were analyzed in the meta-analysis. No RCT studies included cost-effectiveness data on lifestyle interventions. The pooled estimate for postpartum weight showed a significant mean reduction in the intervention arm (-1.8 kg [95% CI: -2.9, -0.6; p = 0.002; I-2 = 92.2%; p < 0.05]). Further, the effect of lifestyle intervention on weight change was significantly greater in studies of longer duration. Most of the other endpoints had modest improvements but only anthropometric endpoints were statistically significant. However, there was high heterogeneity between the studies. Conclusions: Lifestyle interventions showed statistically and clinically significant improvements in anthropometric outcomes. However, more research is needed to explore lifestyle effects on glycemic and cardiovascular risk factors and to establish cost-effectiveness. Methodologically sound, large scale studies on diverse ethnicities and with longer follow-up would establish the real effect of lifestyle interventions to reduce diabetes risk in women with previous GDM. (c) 2019 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy-associated risk factors for future cardiovascular disease - early prevention strategies warranted; We summarize convincing evidence that future cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk increases one-fold to four-fold for women with a history of pregnancy complicated by hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, fetal growth restriction, placental abruption and preterm birth. A concomitant occurrence of two or more complications in the same pregnancy further potentiates the risk. These women should be informed of their future CVD risks during the postpartum check-up taking place after delivery, and also, if needed, treated, for example, for persisting high blood pressure. In these women with high blood pressure, check-up should take place within 7-10 days, and if severe hypertension, within 72 h. Women without diagnostic signs and symptoms should be examined for the first time 1-2 years postpartum and then at intervals of 2-3 years for a complete CVD risk profile including clinical and laboratory assessments. Women should be informed for future CVD risks and their effective prevention with healthy lifestyle factors. Combined oral contraceptives should be avoided or used with caution. If laboratory or other clinical findings indicate, then vigorous treatments consisting of non-medical and medical (antihypertensives, statins, antidiabetic and anti-obesity therapies) interventions should be initiated early with liberal indications and with ambitious therapeutic goals. Low-dose aspirin and menopausal hormone therapy should be used in selected cases. Active control and treatment policies of these women with pregnancy-related risks will likely result in decreases of CVD occurrence in later life.
Consumption of red and processed meat during early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes: a prospective birth cohort study; To investigate the association of red and processed meat intake with the risk of gestational diabetes (GDM) in Iranian mothers. A total of 635 pregnant mothers were included. Dietary intake was assessed by a 90-item food frequency questionnaire during the first trimester of pregnancy. Intakes of total red meat, unprocessed red meat, and processed meat were calculated and then, Cox proportional hazard model was used to calculate the hazard ratios (HR) and 95%CIs of GDM across tertiles of red meat intake while controlling for age, occupation, pre-pregnancy body mass index, physical activities, history of cardiovascular disease, hypertension, hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and pregnancy hypertension, order of pregnancy, nausea during current pregnancy, multivitamin use during current pregnancy, weight gain during current pregnancy and total energy intake. The average age of the mothers was 28.80 +/- 5.09 years, the average pre-pregnancy body mass index was 25.13 +/- 4.43 kg/m2, and the average weight gain during pregnancy was 13.50 +/- 5.03 kg. The multivariable-adjusted HRs of GDM for the third tertiles of red and processed meat, red meat, and processed meat intake were, respectively, 1.92 (95% CI 1.06, 3.49), 1.52 (95% CI 0.85, 2.72) and 1.31 (95% CI 0.73, 2.34) when compared to the first tertiles. Our prospective cohort study suggested that there was a positive association between the consumption of red and processed meat and with risk of GDM in a small sample of Iranian mothers with low red meat intake. More large-scale cohort studies in the Iranian population are needed to present more robust evidence in this regard.
Metabolic follow-up at one year and beyond of women with gestational diabetes treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents: study protocol for the identification of a core outcomes set using a Delphi survey; BackgroundGestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with an increased lifetime risk for the development of glucose abnormalities, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, depression and tumours. Despite this high risk of additional comorbidities, there is no standardised approach to the long-term follow-up of women with a previous diagnosis of GDM. Also, there is no standardisation of outcome selection and reporting in studies involving this population. This increases the risk of reporting bias and reduces the possibility of meaningful comparisons between studies. The aim of this study is to develop a protocol for a core outcome set (COS) for the metabolic follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with previous GDM treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents.Methods/designThis protocol will describe the steps that will be taken in order to develop the COS. The study will consist of three parts: (1) A systematic review of the literature of the outcomes reported in previous randomised controlled trials of the follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with GDM treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents; (2) A three-round, online Delphi survey with key stakeholders in order to prioritise these outcomes; and (3) A consensus meeting where the final COS will be decided.DiscussionThe proposed protocol is the first step in developing a COS that will bring consistency and uniformity to outcome selection and reporting in GDM women treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents.
Contraception in diabetic women; Contraceptive prescription in diabetic women with current diabetic mellitus (type I or type II) or in prediabetic women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus must consider the specific metabolic effects and risks in diabetic women. This article addresses these issues, enabling the practitioner to develop individually tailored contraceptive programs to meet the changing needs and demands of the reproductive-aged diabetic woman. It focuses on the most efficacious, reversible option available-hormonal methods and intrauterine device-both of which have been controversial for diabetic women.
Medical and surgical complications in pregnancy and obstetric labour complications in the Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS) cohort: a birth cohort study; This study aimed to describe the distribution of pregnancies with medical and obstetric complications based on the Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS). We evaluated the distribution of the history of obstetric/gynaecological diseases, the history of obstetric labour complications, pregnancy with medical and surgical complications, and obstetric labour complications in participants in the JECS. Of 100,818 pregnant women with medical record entries after delivery, 15,305 (15.2%) had medical and surgical complications in pregnancy and 46,756 (46.4%) experienced obstetric labour complications. The proportion of pregnancies with heart disease, kidney disease and hepatitis was 0.3%, 0.3% and 0.1%, respectively. Gestational diabetes was diagnosed in 2715 (2.7%) women. The proportion of women with mild and severe gestational hypertension was 2.3% and 1%, respectively. The JECS is the largest birth cohort in Japan. These data will provide useful, basic information for perinatal care in Japan.IMPACT STATEMENT What is already known on this subject? Epidemiological studies have suggested that pre-existing diseases and complications of pregnancy, such as heart disease in pregnancy, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes, may have implications for pregnancy outcomes, as well as for children's health and development. What the results of this study add? We evaluated the distribution of the history of obstetric/gynaecological diseases, the history of obstetric labour complications, medical and surgical complications in pregnancy, and obstetric labour complications using data from the Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS).
Salusins in Hypertension and Related Cardiovascular Diseases; The salusins are bioactive peptides with hemodynamic effects. They play a role in hypertension, atherogenesis and cardiovascular diseases. In this review we focus on new actions, which are related to the regulation of blood pressure. Decrease in salusin-alpha and the increase in salusin-beta concentrations are known to contribute to the development of the metabolic syndrome and atherosclerosis. Microinjections of salusin-beta in the paraventricular nucleus (PVN) increases the plasma argininevasopressin (AVP) and norepinephrine levels, which contribute to hypertension. It also increases the AVP release from the rostral ventrolateral medulla (RVLM) via the projection from PVN to RVLM. Increased activity of the RVLM neurons is transmitted to the intermediolateral nucleus (IML) cell column of the spinal cord, where peripheral sympathetic nerves to the heart, arterioles and kidneys are activated, thus increasing blood pressure. Microinjection of salusin-beta into the RVLM increased renal sympathetic nerve activity, median arterial pressure (MAP) and heart rate (HR). There was no significant effect on the AVP level in the RVLM and plasma. Microinjection of salusin-beta in the nucleus tractus solitarii (NTS) produces a dose dependent hypotension and bradycardia. Intravenous injection of salusin-beta significant increased MAP, but did not have a meaningful outcome on HR. Nevertheless, intravenous injection of a very high dose of salusin-beta caused instantaneous decrease in both MAP and HR. Salusin-beta overexpression provoked severe and prolonged hypertension accompanied by tachycardia in rats. It is clear that more research needs to be done to evaluate the function of salusin-beta in the mechanism of essential hypertension, atherosclerosis, and the metabolic syndrome.
MTHFR gene polymorphisms in diabetes mellitus; The methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR), methionine synthase (MTR), and methionine synthase reductase (MTRR) are three regulatory enzymes in the folic acid (FA) cycle play a critical role in the balance of methionine and homocysteine. MTHFR and MTRR gene polymorphisms affect the biochemical activities of enzymes, impairing the remethylation of homocysteine to methionine. In 1972, severe MTHFR deficiency resulting in homocystinuria was first reported, suggesting MTHFR involvement in the disease. MTHFR C677T polymorphism can independently increase the risk of high homocysteine (HHcy) in plasma. Elevation of homocysteine levels could increase the risk of microvascular damage, thrombosis, heart disease, etc. Vascular complications were regarded as a leading major cause of diabetes mortality, and disability increases individual health and economic burden. Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic inflammatory disease, and conventional medications do not provide a complete cure for diabetes. It was essential to identify other risk factors for the intervention and prevention of diabetes. MTHFR gene polymorphism is an emerging risk factor in diabetes. Recent studies have shown that polymorphisms of the MTHFR gene play a significant role in the pathophysiology of diabetes, including inflammation and insulin resistance. This review summarizes the association between MTHER gene polymorphism and diabetes.
Screening and diagnosis of diabetes in children and pregnant women; The incidence and prevalence of diabetes in children has increased in recent decades. The findings of a nationwide screening program in Taiwan show that type 2 diabetes has replaced type 1 diabetes as the leading cause of diabetes in children and adolescents. Important risk factors for diabetes in children are high or low birth weights, obesity, and a family history of diabetes. The incidence of diabetes reaches plateaus during puberty. Therefore, we have developed a strategy to screen seventh-grade children with diabetes based on urinalysis and a risk score. Gestational diabetes is associated with various adverse perinatal outcomes, particularly macrosomia and birth injury, and a higher rate of Cesarean section. The 100 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) for gestational diabetes was initially designed to predict maternal diabetes after delivery, and was revised by Carpenter and Coustan to predict adverse fetal outcomes. In 2010, the International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) proposed a 75 g OGTT to define gestational diabetes, resulting in a significant increase in the prevalence of gestational diabetes. Our data suggest that adopting the new IADPSG criteria is reasonable, since they reduce adverse perinatal outcomes and are cost-efficient. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Preferred lifestyle intervention characteristics and behaviour change needs of postpartum women following cardiometabolic pregnancy complications; Background: Women with cardiometabolic pregnancy complications are at increased risk of future diabetes and heart disease which can be reduced through lifestyle management postpartum. Objectives: This study aimed to explore preferred intervention characteristics and behaviour change needs of women with or without prior cardiometabolic pregnancy complications for engaging in postpartum lifestyle interventions. Design: Quantitative cross-sectional study. Methods: Online survey. Results: Overall, 473 women were included, 207 (gestational diabetes (n = 105), gestational hypertension (n = 39), preeclampsia (n = 35), preterm birth (n = 65) and small for gestational age (n = 23)) with and 266 without prior cardiometabolic pregnancy complications. Women with and without complications had similar intervention preferences, with delivery ideally by a healthcare professional with expertise in women's health, occurring during maternal child health nurse visits or online, commencing 7 weeks to 3 months post birth, with 15- to 30-min monthly sessions, lasting 1 year and including monitoring of progress and social support. Women with prior complications preferred intervention content on women's health, mental health, exercise, mother's diet and their children's health and needed to know more about how to change behaviour, have more time to do it and feel they want to do it enough to participate. There were significant differences between groups, with more women with prior cardiometabolic pregnancy complications wanting content on women's health (87.9% vs 80.8%, p = 0.037), mother's diet (72.5% vs 60.5%, p = 0.007), preventing diabetes or heart disease (43.5% vs 27.4%, p < 0.001) and exercise after birth (78.3% vs 68.0%, p = 0.014), having someone to monitor their progress (69.6% vs 58.6%, p = 0.014), needing the necessary materials (47.3% vs 37.6%, p = 0.033), triggers to prompt them (44.0% vs 31.6%, p = 0.006) and feeling they want to do it enough (73.4%, 63.2%, p = 0.018). Conclusion: These unique preferences should be considered in future postpartum lifestyle interventions to enhance engagement, improve health and reduce risk of future cardiometabolic disease in these high-risk women.
Other adverse pregnancy outcomes and future chronic disease; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in females worldwide. Pregnancy is associated with significant physiologic changes that may function as a natural stress test to detect women at future risk. It is established that women who have had a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life, and there is growing evidence that women who deliver infants preterm or growth-restricted infants have an elevated risk as well. Consideration should be given to including these outcomes as indicators of cardiovascular risk. Pregnancy represents a teachable moment when it would be ideal to identify women at risk. Improved integration of women's primary health care and an enhanced knowledge base on the part of clinicians will be necessary to fully incorporate these findings into the clinical care of women. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Elevation of sE-Selectin Levels 2-24 Months following Gestational Diabetes Is Associated with Early Cardiometabolic Risk in Nondiabetic Women; Objective. We hypothesised that the endothelial dysfunction is associated with early glucose dysregulation and/or atherosclerosis risk factors in nondiabetic women with a previous history of gestational diabetes (pGDM). Material/Methods. Anthropometric parameters, glucose regulation (OGTT), insulin resistance (HOMA), lipids, biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction, and inflammation were evaluated in 85 women with pGDM and in 40 controls 2-24 months postpartum. Results. The pGDM group consisted of 67% normoglycemic women (pGDM-N) and 33% with prediabetic state (pGDM-P). The BMI, waist circumference, fasting and 2 h glucose (OGTT), soluble adhesion molecules, tissue plasminogen activator antigen, high sensitivity C-reactive protein, total-, LDL-cholesterol, and triglycerides/HDL-cholesterol ratio were higher in the pGDM women compared with the controls. After adjustment for BMI and fasting glucose, only higher triglycerides, higher TG/HDL and lower HDL-cholesterol were associated with pGDM. The pGDM-P differed from pGDM-N for only higher triglycerides and TG/HDL. The plasma level of sE-selectin was not independently associated with glucose concentration in pGDM group. sE-selectin level correlated with triglycerides, TG/HDL, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 antigen, and sICAM-1. Conclusions. sE-selectin level correlated with components of metabolic syndrome, but only the atherogenic lipid profile was independently associated with a previous history of GDM in nondiabetic women 2-24 months postpartum.
Effect of High Glucose on Embryological Development of Zebrafish, <i>Brachyodanio</i>, <i>Rerio</i> through Wnt Pathway; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a worldwide pregnancy complication. Gestational diabetes can significantly impact fetus development. However, the effects of high glucose on embryological development post-fertilization are yet to be researched. Danio rerio embryos are a great model for studying embryonic development. In this study, the effects on embryological (morphological and genetic) development were examined in the presence of a high-glucose environment that mimics the developing fetus in pregnant women with GDM. Fertilized zebrafish embryos were treated with normal media and high glucose for 5 days from 3 h post-fertilization (hpf) to 96 hpf, respectively, as control and experimental groups. Morphological changes are recorded with microscope images. Hatch rate and heart rate are compared between groups at set time points. RNA-Seq is performed to examine the gene changes in the experimental group. Glucose delayed the zebrafish embryo development by slowing the hatch rate by about 24 h. The brain, heart, and tail started showing smaller morphology in the glucose group compared to the control group at 24 hpf. Heart rate was faster in the glucose group compared to the control group on days 2 and 3 with a statistically significant difference. Among the zebrafish whole genome, the significantly changed genes were 556 upregulated genes and 1118 downregulated genes, respectively, in the high-glucose group. The metabolic and Wnt pathways are altered under high-glucose conditions. These conditions contribute to significant physiological differences that may provide insight into the functionality of post-embryological development.
Incidence and risk factors of venous thromboembolism during postpartum period: a population-based cohort-study; Introduction. The awareness of the incidence and timing of postpartum venous thromboembolic events guides the use of thromboprophylaxis. Our aims were to assess the incidence and mortality of venous thromboembolic events and identify its associated risk factors during different postpartum periods. Material and methods. A population-based controlled cohort study by combining four large registers in 2001-2011. All women with a recent delivery were identified. The incidence, risk factors and mortality of venous thromboembolic events 0-180 days after delivery were assessed by using all healthy delivered women as the control group. The incidence was compared with that of the nonpregnant women. Results. Among the 634 292 delivered women, 1169 had venous thromboembolic events 0-180 days postpartum. The incidence of venous thromboembolic events was highest during the first week postpartum: 37-fold compared with nonpregnant women, declining to two-fold immediately after that. Almost half of the venous thromboembolic events occurred between 43 and 180 days postpartum. The incidence of venous thromboembolic events was four-fold compared with that of nonpregnant women. Three venous thromboembolic events-related deaths occurred. Older age, higher body mass index, thrombophilia, multiple pregnancy, gestational diabetes, anemia, chorioamnionitis, threatening premature birth, in vitro fertilization with ovarian hyperstimulation, primiparity, cesarean section, cardiac/renal diseases, and varicose veins were associated with an increased risk for postpartum venous thromboembolic events. The risk remained elevated for 180 days in women with thrombophilia, cesarean section, multiple pregnancy, varicose veins, and cardiac disease. Conclusions. The risk of venous thromboembolic events remained elevated compared with that of the nonpregnant women after the usually defined postpartum period (6 weeks). The results might assist in selecting women in need of thromboprophylaxis.
Maternal Nutrition and Offspring Stress Response-Implications for Future Development of Non-Communicable Disease: A Perspective From India; Psychological stress is recognized as a major modifiable risk factor for adult non-communicable disease (NCD) that includes depression, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease. Dysregulation of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis activity resulting in either exaggerated or blunted cortisol responses, and altered autonomic cardiovascular control have been thought to underlie this association. The developmental origins hypothesis proposes that impaired nutrition during fetal and early postnatal growth is associated with a higher NCD risk later in life. Maternal nutrients are vital for fetal growth and development, and both maternal undernutrition and over nutrition as in the case of gestational diabetes are associated with higher NCD risk markers in the offspring. Recent studies suggest that fetal exposure to maternal nutritional imbalances may permanently alter cortisol and cardio-sympathetic stress-responsiveness, which may link early life nutrition with adult disease risk. A few recent studies that examined the association between low birth weight as a marker of fetal undernutrition and stress response in humans showed that lower birth weight was associated with an altered HPA axis and cardiovascular sympathetic nervous system responses to stress in adults as well as in children. In addition, altered stress responses in relation to gestational diabetes have been noted. In this paper, we present available evidence from India for the association between maternal nutrition and offspring stress responsiveness against the backdrop of global evidence, and discuss its role in the escalating NCD rates in this population. We also discuss the scope for future studies in India and other transitioning countries.
Impaired Maternal-Fetal Environment and Risk for Preoperative Focal White Matter Injury in Neonates With Complex Congenital Heart Disease; Background: Infants with congenital heart disease (CHD) are at risk for white matter injury (WMI) before neonatal heart surgery. Better knowledge of the causes of preoperative WMI may provide insights into interventions that improve neurodevelopmental outcomes in these patients.Methods and Results :A prospective single-center study of preoperative WMI in neonates with CHD recorded data on primary cardiac diagnosis, maternal-fetal environment (MFE), delivery type, subject anthropometrics, and preoperative care. Total maturation score and WMI were assessed, and stepwise logistic regression modeling selected risk factors for WMI. Among subjects with severe CHD (n=183) who received a preoperative brain magnetic resonance imaging, WMI occurred in 40 (21.9%) patients. WMI prevalence (21.4%-22.1%) and mean volumes (119.7-160.4 mm(3)) were similar across CHD diagnoses. Stepwise logistic regression selected impaired MFE (odds ratio [OR], 2.85 [95% CI, 1.29-6.30]), male sex (OR, 2.27 [95% CI, 1.03-5.36]), and older age at surgery/magnetic resonance imaging (OR, 1.20 per day [95% CI, 1.03-1.41]) as risk factors for preoperative WMI and higher total maturation score values (OR, 0.65 per unit increase [95% CI, 0.43-0.95]) as protective. A quarter (24.6%; n=45) of subjects had =1 components of impaired MFE (gestational diabetes [n=12; 6.6%], gestational hypertension [n=11; 6.0%], preeclampsia [n=2; 1.1%], tobacco use [n=9; 4.9%], hypothyroidism [n=6; 3.3%], and other [n=16; 8.7%]). In a subset of 138 subjects, an exploratory analysis of additional MFE-related factors disclosed other potential risk factors for WMI.Conclusions :This study is the first to identify impaired MFE as an important risk factor for preoperative WMI. Vulnerability to preoperative WMI was shared across CHD diagnoses.
Effectiveness of a nurse practitioner-led cardiovascular prevention clinic at reduction of metabolic syndrome following maternal complications of pregnancy: a preliminary analysis; Aim Maternal complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, intrauterine growth restriction, preterm labour, and placental abruption, are associated with increased risk of future cardiometabolic disease. Lifestyle interventions that focus on preventative strategies for this young, high-risk population of women may assist in cardiometabolic disease risk reduction. The aim of this preliminary registry analysis was to observe the change in maternal metabolic syndrome status after receiving a nurse practitioner-led lifestyle intervention delivered soon after a complicated pregnancy. Method This preliminary analysis included 64 eligible women who had attended both baseline (approximately 6 months postpartum) and review (approximately eighteen months postpartum) appointments at the postpartum lifestyle clinic after an index pregnancy complicated by at least one maternal complication of pregnancy. Metabolic syndrome status at both appointments was assessed. Results At the baseline appointment, 22 (34.4%) women met the criteria for metabolic syndrome. This number reduced at the review appointment to 19 (29.7%). This difference was not statistically significant. There were some modest improvements in the individual cardiometabolic risk factors, as well as marked improvements in the women who had recovered from metabolic syndrome over twelve months. Conclusion There was a high percentage of metabolic syndrome present early in the postpartum period. The results of this preliminary analysis highlight the importance of continuing preventative care and ongoing research for this group of high-risk women.
Association of adverse pregnancy outcomes with cardiovascular risk profiles in later life: Current insights from the Hamburg City Health Study (HCHS); Background and aims: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) have been related to increased cardiovascular (CV) risk and mortality in later life. Underlying pathomechanisms for the development of CV disease in these women are not yet fully understood. In this study, we aimed to investigate the relationship between APO and individual CV risk profiles in later life. Methods: We used cross-sectional data from 10,000 participants enrolled in the Hamburg City Health Study (HCHS). We analysed self-reported APO, CV risk factors and health status, including biomarkers, electrocardiogram, echocardiography and vascular ultrasound. To examine associations, Wilcoxon rank sum test and Pearson's chi(2)-test were performed. Multivariable-adjusted regression models were calculated to determine associations. Results: N = 1970 women who reported pregnancies were included. Median age was 63 years, 8.7 % reported gestational hypertension (gHTN), 18 % excessive weight gain and 2.4 % gestational diabetes. Ten percent had delivered newborns with birth weight <2.5 kg, 14 % newborns with birth weight >4 kg. In multivariableadjusted models, significant associations between APO, CV risk profiles and cardiac remodeling were identified. gHTN correlated with higher body mass index (BMI) (Beta 1.68, CI 95 % 0.86-2.50; p < 0.001), hypertension (OR 4.58, CI 95 % 2.79-7.86; p < 0.001), left ventricular remodeling (e.g. left ventricular mass index (Beta 4.46, CI 95% 1.05-7.87; p = 0.010)) and myocardial infarction (OR 3.27, CI 95% 0.94-10.07; p = 0.046). Conclusions: In this population-based sample, APO were associated with CV risk profiles and cardiac remodeling in later life, suggesting early manifestations of future CV risk during pregnancy. Prospective data is needed for individual risk stratification in women with APO.
Increased blood pressure in the offspring of diabetic mothers; Studies were conducted in rats to determine the effect of maternal diabetes and the consequent hyperglycemia on cardiovascular function in the offspring. Diabetes was induced in pregnant Wistar rats through streptozotocin injection ( 50 mg/kg). Cardiovascular parameters were measured in 2-mo-old offspring animals of diabetic ( OD, n = 12) and control rats (OC, n = 8). Arterial pressure (AP), heart rate (HR), baroreflex sensitivity, and vascular responsiveness to phenylephrine (PH) and sodium nitroprusside (SN) were measured. Angiotensin-converting enzyme ( ACE) activity in heart, kidney, and lung was determined. OD rats exhibited increases in systolic AP ( 138 +/- 8 vs. 119 +/- 6 mmHg, OD vs. OC), with no change in HR ( 342 +/- 21 vs. 364 +/- 39 beats per minute (bpm), OD vs. OC). The reflex tachycardia elicited by SN was reduced in OD rats, as indicated by the slope of the linear regression ( - 2.2 +/- 0.4 vs. - 3.6 +/- 0.8 bpm/mmHg, OD vs. OC). Vascular responsiveness to PH was increased 63% in OD rats compared with OC. OD rats showed increases in ACE activity in heart, kidney, and lung (1.13 +/- 0.24, 3.04 +/- 0.86, 40.8 +/- 8.9 vs. 0.73 +/- 0.19, 1.7 +/- 0.45, 28.1 +/- 6 nmol His-Leu center dot min(-1) mg protein(-1), OD vs. OC). Results suggest that diabetes during pregnancy affects cardiovascular function in offspring, seen as hypertension, baroreflex dysfunction, and activation of tissue renin-angiotensin system.
Type 2 Diabetes in Women: Differences and Difficulties; Background: Lifestyle modification, along with medication, has improved the quality of life of patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D), but the treatment of diabetes in women still lacks a gender-centric approach. Methods: Expert opinions to improve diabetes management in women were collated from the open discussion forum organized by the sixth Jothydev's Professional Education Forum Diabetes Convention, which included global diabetes care experts and the general public. The review is also based on the studies published in electronic databases such as PubMed and Google Scholar that discussed the problems and challenges faced by the Indian diabetes care sector in treating women with diabetes. Results: The complex interplay of biological, socioeconomic, psychosocial, and physiological factors in women with type 2 diabetes has not been well addressed to date. Biological factors such as neurohumoral pathways, sex hormones, genetic predisposition as well as gender-based environmental and behavioural differences must be considered for modern personalized diabetes treatment. Most importantly, pregnant women with diabetes deserve special attention. This vulnerable phase has a marked impact on the future health of both the mother and the offspring. Conclusion: The review provides an overview of the challenges and issues that exist in the clinical management of diabetes and its complications among women in India. Women-centric clinical approaches should be encouraged for the effective management of diabetes in Indian women.
Yolk Sac Diameter in Early Pregnancy in Maternal Diabetes Mellitus; Aims: To investigate the possible association between maternal diabetes mellitus and increased yolk sac diameter (YSD). Methods: We searched the Early Pregnancy Unit database to identify singleton pregnancies with measurements of embryonic crown-rump length (CRL) and YSD at 6-10 weeks of gestation and subsequent delivery of phenotypically normal neonates. We compared the YSD in patients with pre-gestational and gestational diabetes with those who were unaffected by diabetes. Results: A total of 3,686 cases were identified including 43 (1.2%) with type 1 diabetes, 31(0.8%) with type 2 diabetes and 71(1.9%) who subsequently developed gestational diabetes. The measured YSD in both the diabetic and non-diabetic groups were expressed as differences from the expected normal mean for CRL (A values). There were no significant differences in Delta YSD between the groups. The median (IQR) Delta YSD was 0.01 (-0.33 to 0.37) mm in the unaffected group, 0.01 (-0.35 to 0.51) mm in type 1 diabetes, 0.02 (-3.44 to 0.27) mm in type 2 diabetes and 0.01 (-0.28 to 0.35) mm in gestational diabetes. Conclusion: After exclusion of miscarriages and embryopathies, pre-gestational and gestational diabetes are not associated with altered YSD. Copyright (C) 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel
Maternal diabetes and risk of offspring congenital heart diseases: the Japan Environment and Children's Study; Background: Few prospective cohort studies have examined the association between maternal diabetes, including pre-pregnancy and gestational diabetes, and the risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in Asian offspring. Methods: We examined the association between maternal diabetes and offspring CHD among 97,094 mother-singleton infant pairs in the Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS) between January 2011 and March 2014. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) of offspring CHD based on maternal diabetes (pre-pregnancy diabetes and gestational diabetes) were estimated using logistic regression after adjusting for maternal age at delivery, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), maternal smoking habits, alcohol consumption, annual household income, and maternal education. The diagnosis of CHD in the offspring was ascertained from the transcript of medical records. Results: The incidence of CHD in the offspring was 1,132. Maternal diabetes, including both pre-pregnancy diabetes and gestational diabetes, was associated with a higher risk of offspring CHD: multivariable OR (95%CI) = 1.81 (1.40-2.33) for maternal diabetes, 2.39 (1.05-5.42) for pre-pregnancy diabetes and 1.77 (1.36-2.30) for gestational diabetes. A higher risk of offspring CHD was observed in pre-pregnancy BMI 225.0 kg/m(2) (OR = 2.55, 95% CI: 1.74-3.75) than in pre-pregnancy BMI <25.0 kg/m(2) (OR = 1.49, 95% CI: 1.05-2.10, p for interaction = 0.04). Conclusions: Maternal diabetes, including both pre-pregnancy and gestational, was associated with an increased risk of CHD in offspring.
Pregnancy as an opportunity to prevent type 2 diabetes mellitus: FIGO Best Practice Advice; Gestational diabetes (GDM) impacts approximately 17 million pregnancies worldwide. Women with a history of GDM have an 8-10-fold higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes and a 2-fold higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) compared with women without prior GDM. Although it is possible to prevent and/or delay progression of GDM to type 2 diabetes, this is not widely undertaken. Considering the increasing global rates of type 2 diabetes and CVD in women, it is essential to utilize pregnancy as an opportunity to identify women at risk and initiate preventive intervention. This article reviews existing clinical guidelines for postpartum identification and management of women with previous GDM and identifies key recommendations for the prevention and/or delayed progression to type 2 diabetes for global clinical practice.
Social Determinants of Health, Cardiovascular Risk Factors, and Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in Individuals of Vietnamese Origin; In 2022, the Vietnamese population in the United States (US) comprises 2.2 million individuals, and Vietnam ranks as the sixth most frequent country of origin among immigrants in the US. The American Heart Association and the National Institutes of Health have called for research to define the burden of cardiovascular risk factors, cardiovascular disease, and their determinants across Asian American subgroups, including Vietnamese Americans. Despite these calls, Vietnamese Americans remain remarkably overlooked in cardiovascular research in the US. Studies in Vietnam, small cross-sectional surveys in the US, and research using US mortality data point to a high prevalence of hypertension and tobacco use among men and a high incidence of gestational diabetes among women. Moreover, Vietnamese Americans have one of the highest rates of cerebrovascular mortality in the country. Adverse social determinants of health-including frequent language barriers, limited health literacy, and low average income-have been suggested as important factors that contribute to cardiovascular risk in this group. In this narrative review, we summarize the existing knowledge in this space, highlight the distinct characteristics of cardiac risk in both Vietnamese and Vietnamese American individuals, discuss upstream determinants, and identify key knowledge gaps. We then outline several proposed interventions and emphasize the need for further studies in this underrepresented population. Our aim is to increase awareness of the significant burden of risk factors and cardiovascular disease shouldered by this large-but thus far overlooked-population in the US, boost research in this space, and help inform tailored, effective preventive interventions. (c) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2023;189:11-21)
Dietary fat and gestational hyperglycaemia; Aims/hypothesis. The purpose of this study was to investigate the relation between life-style habits and glucose abnormalities in Caucasian women with and without conventional risk factors for gestational diabetes. Methods. A total of 126 pregnant women with gestational diabetes. 84 with impaired glucose tolerance and 294 with normal glucose tolerance, identified by sequential screening, were interviewed to determine their usual weekly food pattern, amount of exercise, smoking habits and alcohol intake. Results. Patients with glucose abnormalities were older and shorter in height and had significantly higher BMI before pregnancy, percentage of diabetic first-degree relatives and higher intake of saturated fat. Patients without known risk factors for gestational diabetes (i.e. younger than 35 years of age, BMI < 25 kg/m(2), no first-degree diabetic relatives) included 40 with impaired glucose tolerance or gestational diabetes. In a multiple logistic regression model age, short stature, familial diabetes, BMI and percentages of saturated fat were associated with impaired glucose tolerance or gestational diabetes in all patients, after adjustment for gestational age. In patients without conventional risk factors only percentages of saturated fat (OR = 2.0, 95%-CI = 1.2-3.2) and polyunsaturated fat (OR = 0.85; 95%-CI = 0.77-0.92) were associated with gestational hyperglycaemia, after adjustment for age, gestational age and BMI. Conclusion/interpretation. Saturated fat has an independent role in the development of gestational glucose abnormalities. This role is more important in the absence of conventional risk factors suggesting that glucose abnormalities could be prevented during pregnancy, at least in some groups of women.
Subcutaneous fat necrosis during hypothermia treatment in an asphyxiated infant; Hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) is an important cause of permanent injury of central nervous system leading to neonatal death, cerebral palsy and developmental delay. Whole-body cooling therapy is the only effective treatment for HIE today. Subcutaneous fat necrosis during cooling period is rarely seen. A female newborn was born to 33-year-old gravida three parity two mother at 39 weeks of gestation by an emergent cesarean section due to fetal distress. The pregnancy course was complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus, mother received insulin therapy during the last trimester. On admission, she had abnormal neurological findings including hypotonia and absent neonatal reflexes. The patient was treated with postnatal hypothermia in the sixth hour of the method of whole body cooling. Forty-eight hours of treatment, subcutaneous fat necrosis was diagnosed and on the follow-up, the patient developed hypercalcemia and treated with pamidronate. Postnatal twenty-fifth day, patient was discharged with normal physical and neurological examination. Subcutaneous fat necrosis is a rare condition that can be seen during hypothermia period. Close monitoring of these patients because of hypercalcemia risk is important during follow-up.
Early Pregnancy Atherogenic Profile in a First Pregnancy and Hypertension Risk 2 to 7 Years After Delivery; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular risk in young adulthood is an important determinant of lifetime cardiovascular disease risk. Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) have increased cardiovascular risk, but the relationship of other factors is unknown. METHODS AND RESULTS: Among 4471 primiparous women, we related first-trimester atherogenic markers to risk of APO (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, small for gestational age), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertension (130/80 mm Hg or antihypertensive use) 2 to 7 years after delivery. Women with an APO/GDM (n=1102) had more atherogenic characteristics (obesity [34.2 versus 19.5%], higher blood pressure [systolic blood pressure 112.2 versus 108.4, diastolic blood pressure 69.2 versus 66.6 mm Hg], glucose [5.0 versus 4.8 mmol/ L], insulin [77.6 versus 60.1 pmol/L], triglycerides [1.4 versus 1.3 mmol/L], and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein [5.6 versus 4.0 nmol/L], and lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol [1.8 versus 1.9 mmol/L]; P<0.05) than women without an APO/GDM. They were also more likely to develop hypertension after delivery (32.8% versus 18.1%, P<0.05). Accounting for confounders and factors routinely assessed antepartum, higher glucose (relative risk [RR] 1.03 [95% CI, 1.00-1.06] per 0.6 mmol/L), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (RR, 1.06 [95% CI, 1.02-1.11] per 2-fold higher), and triglycerides (RR, 1.27 [95% CI, 1.14-1.41] per 2-fold higher) were associated with later hypertension. Higher physical activity was protective (RR, 0.93 [95% CI, 0.87-0.99] per 3 h/week). When evaluated as latent profiles, the nonobese group with higher lipids, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and insulin values (6.9% of the cohort) had increased risk of an APO/GDM and later hypertension. Among these factors, 7% to 15% of excess RR was related to APO/GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Individual and combined first-trimester atherogenic characteristics are associated with APO/GDM occurrence and hypertension 2 to 7 years later.
Mediterranean diets and diabetes; Mediterranean diets (MDs) are recommended by some authorities for the prevention and management of diabetes, although there is some confusion about the definition and components of MDs. This narrative review explores the definition role of MDs in diabetes. Meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies and randomised controlled trials reported that MD was effective for the prevention of type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes (GDM). In the management of type 2 diabetes, MD significantly improved glycaemic control and reduced body weight and cardiovascular disease risk. There was insufficient evidence for prevention or management of type 1 diabetes in adults or children and for the management of GDM. Copyright (c) 2021 John Wiley & Sons.
Congenital Heart Disease and Autism: A Case-Control Study; OBJECTIVES: There has long been an association between congenital heart disease (CHD) and general neurodevelopmental delays. However, the association between CHD and autism spectrum disorders (AuSDs) is less well understood. Using administrative data, we sought to determine the association between CHD and AuSD and identify specific CHD lesions with higher odds of developing AuSD. METHODS: We performed a 1:3 case-control study of children enrolled in the US Military Health System from 2001 to 2013. Children with International Classification of Disease, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification codes for AuSD were identified as cases and matched with controls on the basis of date of birth, sex, and enrollment time frame. Each child's records were reviewed for CHD lesions and associated procedures. Conditional logistic regression determined odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for comparative associations. RESULTS: There were 8760 cases with AuSD and 26 280 controls included in the study. After adjustment for genetic syndrome, maternal age, gestational diabetes, short gestation, newborn epilepsy, birth asphyxia, and low birth weight, there were increased odds of AuSD in patients with CHD (OR 1.32; 95% CI 1.10-1.59). Specific lesions with significant OR included atrial septal defects (n = 82; OR 1.72; 95% CI 1.07-2.74) and ventricular septal defects (n = 193; OR 1.65; 95% CI 1.21-2.25). CONCLUSIONS: Children with CHD have increased odds of developing AuSD. Specific lesions associated with increased risk include atrial septal defects and ventricular septal defects. These findings will be useful for counseling parents of children with CHD. This study reveals the positive association of autism with various subtypes of CHD.
Vitamin D and pregnancy: An old problem revisited; Vitamin D has historically been considered to play a role solely in bone and calcium metabolism. Human disease associations and basic physiological studies suggest that vitamin D deficiency is plausibly implicated in adverse health outcomes including mortality, malignancy, cardiovascular disease, immune functioning and glucose metabolism. There is considerable evidence that low maternal levels of 25 hydroxyvitamin D are associated with adverse outcomes for both mother and fetus in pregnancy as well as the neonate and child. Vitamin D deficiency during pregnancy has been linked with a number of maternal problems including infertility, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and an increased rate of caesarean section. Likewise, for the child, there is an association with small size, impaired growth and skeletal problems in infancy, neonatal hypocalcaemia and seizures, and an increased risk of HIV transmission. Other childhood disease associations include type 1 diabetes and effects on immune tolerance. The optimal concentration of 25 hydroxyvitamin D is unknown and compounded by difficulties in defining the normal range. Whilst there is suggestive physiological evidence to support a causal role for many of the associations, whether vitamin D deficiency is a marker of poor health or the underlying aetiological problem is unclear. Randomised controlled trials of vitamin D supplementation with an appropriate assessment of a variety of health outcomes are required. (C) 2010 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Maternal childhood cardiometabolic risk factors and pregnancy complications; Purpose: The influence of childhood health on later-life health outcomes is increasingly hypothesized but rarely tested. We examined the relationship between cardiometabolic indicators in childhood and risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes. Methods: Childhood measurements from 755 women in the Bogalusa Heart Study included body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP and DBP), low- and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol, triglycerides, insulin, and glucose. Average childhood values were estimated by area under the curve computed from longitudinal quadratic random-effects growth models to account for the unequally spaced repeated measures. Women reported pregnancy complications, and medical records were linked to interview data where possible. Log-Poisson models predicted adjusted risk associated with an interquartile range increase in cardiometabolic indicators. Results: Elevated childhood insulin was associated with 10%-15% increased risk across the three outcomes. Elevated childhood SBP was associated with preeclampsia (SBP RR = 1.50, 95% CI: 1.13, 2.01) and SBP, DBP, and body mass index predicted pregnancy-induced hypertension (SBP RR = 2.15, 95% CI: 1.65, 2.82; DBP RR = 1.83, 95% CI: 138, 2.43; BMI RR = 1.67, 95% CI: 1.41, 1.98). Blood pressure mediated the association between childhood body mass index and pregnancy-induced hypertension. Conclusions: Results suggest the potential long-term impact of early-life cardiometabolic profiles on complications of pregnancy. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Risk factors for hyperglycemia in pregnancy in the DALI study differ by period of pregnancy and OGTT time point; Objective: Risk factors are widely used to identify women at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) without clear distinction by pregnancy period or oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) time points. We aimed to assess the clinical risk factors for Hyperglycemia in pregnancy (HiP) differentiating by these two aspects. Design and methods: Nine hundred seventy-one overweight/obese pregnant women, enrolled in the DALI study for preventing GDM. OGTTs were performed at <= 19+6, 24-28 and 35-37 weeks (IADPSG/WHO2013 criteria). Women with GDM or overt diabetes at one time point did not proceed to further OGTTs. Potential independent variables included baseline maternal and current pregnancy characteristics. Statistical analysis: Multivariate logistic regression. Results: Clinical characteristics independently associated with GDM/overt diabetes were at <= 19+6 weeks, previous abnormal glucose tolerance (odds ratio (OR): 3.11; 95% CI: 1.41-6.85), previous GDM (OR: 2.22; 95% CI: 1.20-4.11), neck circumference (NC) (OR: 1.58; 95% CI: 1.06-2.36 for the upper tertile), resting heart rate (RHR, OR: 1.99; 95% CI: 1.31-3.00 for the upper tertile) and recruitment site; at 24-28 weeks, previous stillbirth (OR: 2.92; 95% CI: 1.18-7.22), RHR (OR: 3.32; 95% CI: 1.70-6.49 for the upper tertile) and recruitment site; at 35-37 weeks, maternal height (OR: 0.41; 95% Cl: 0.20-0.87 for upper tertile). Clinical characteristics independently associated with GDM/overt diabetes differed by OGTT time point (e.g. at <= 19+6 weeks, NC was associated with abnormal fasting but not postchallenge glucose). Conclusion: In this population, most clinical characteristics associated with GDM/overt diabetes were non-modifiable and differed by pregnancy period and OGTT time point. The identified risk factors can help define the target population for future intervention trials.
The Value of Neutrophil to Lymphocyte Ratio and Platelet to Lymphocyte Ratio for Detecting Early-onset Neonatal Sepsis; Objective: The purpose of this study was to investigate the relationship between neonate early-onset sepsis (EOS) and the neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR) and the platelet to lymphocyte ratio (PLR) of term neonates. Materials and Methods: This prospective observational study was conducted with term neonates diagnosed with EOS compared with 44 healthy controls. Exclusion criteria were prematurity, postmaturity, small or large for gestational age according to week of pregnancy, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, chorioamnionitis, congenital major anomalies, and cyanotic congenital heart disease. Results: A total of 122 term neonates were included in the study. Of these, 78 were diagnosed with EOS and 44 were healthy controls. Tachycardia and apnea with bradycardia were the most common clinical signs of the onset of EOS in neonates in the EOS group. This group had significantly higher neutrophil counts, axillary temperatures, NLRs, PLRs, C-reactive proteins, and procalcitonin levels compared with the control group. There was a positive association between neutrophil counts, NLR, and PLR in the EOS group. An NLR of 6.76 was determined as the predictive cutoff value of neonate EOS (sensitivity 97.4%; specificity 100%; area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve 0.99; P = 0.001). A PLR of 94.05 was determined as the predictive cutoff value of neonate EOS (sensitivity 97.4; specificity 100%; area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve 0.93; P = 0.001). Conclusions: NLRs and PLRs were positively correlated with EOS in term neonates, and these ratios can be used as diagnostic adjunct tests for neonate EOS workups.
Fetal heart rate spectral analysis in raw signals and PRSA-derived curve: normal and pathological fetuses discrimination; Cardiotocography (CTG) is the most common technique for electronic fetal monitoring and consists of the simultaneous recording of fetal heart rate (FHR) and uterine contractions. In analogy with the adult case, spectral analysis of the FHR signal can be used to assess the functionality of the autonomic nervous system. To do so, several methods can be employed, each of which has its strengths and limitations. This paper aims at performing a methodological investigation on FHR spectral analysis adopting 4 different spectrum estimators and a novel PRSA-based spectral method. The performances have been evaluated in terms of the ability of the various methods to detect changes in the FHR in two common pregnancy complications: intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and gestational diabetes. A balanced dataset containing 2178 recordings distributed between the 32nd and 38th week of gestation was used. The results show that the spectral method derived from the PRSA better differentiates high-risk pregnancies vs. controls compared to the others. Specifically, it more robustly detects an increase in power percentage within the movement frequency band and a decrease in high frequency between pregnancies at high risk in comparison to those at low risk.
Assessment of the Fetal Myocardial Performance Index in Well-Controlled Gestational Diabetics and to Determine Whether It Is Predictive of Adverse Perinatal Outcome; This study was aimed at determining if the myocardial performance index (MPI) is altered in well-controlled gestational diabetics and if so whether it is predictive of adverse perinatal outcome. In a prospective cross-sectional study, 54 consecutive women with well-controlled gestational diabetes controlled on insulin or metformin in the third trimester were recruited and matched with 54 women with normal pregnancies (control group). Using Doppler echocardiography, the MPI was calculated. Sonographic biophysical and placental resistance Doppler markers in both groups were also determined. An abnormal outcome was defined as any of the following: stillbirth; neonatal death; neonatal intensive care admissions; tachypnea with pulmonary edema; neonatal cord pH < 7.15; 5-min Apgar score < 7, polycythemia; and nucleated red blood cells > 10/100 white blood cell counts, hypoglycemia. The MPI was significantly higher in the diabetic group compared to controls (p < 0.0001). Rate of adverse outcome was 22% in the diabetic group. The diabetic group with adverse outcomes had significantly elevated MPI values compared to the diabetic group with normal outcomes. There were 26 diabetics controlled on metformin and 28 controlled on insulin. The adverse outcome rate was slightly higher in the IDDM group compared to the non-insulin-dependent group but was not statistically significant. The main adverse outcomes were low Apgars (18%), hypoglycemia (22%), polycythemia (13%) and low pH in 7%. All control births had normal outcomes. MPI served as an independent predictor of adverse outcome. The MPI z-score had a good diagnostic accuracy as evidenced by the area under the ROC curve of 0.83. An MPI z-score exceeding 4.55 conferred a 90% sensitivity and 74% specificity, with 77% of outcomes correctly classified with a likelihood ratio of 3.5. The MPI is impaired in fetuses in well-controlled gestational diabetes, with fetuses with an adverse outcome having significantly higher MPI values compared to the fetuses with normal outcome in the diabetic group. MPI has the potential to improve fetal surveillance in gestational diabetes.
INFLUENCE OF PREGNANCY ON THE 75-G OGTT - A PROSPECTIVE MULTICENTER STUDY; This study reports the responses to a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in 1009 pregnant women from throughout Europe.  We reached the following conclusions.  1) A pregnant woman tends to have blood glucose concentrations that are elevated for a longer period of time after an oral glucose load.  Therefore, approximately 10% of women will reach or exceed 8 mM glucose at 2 h, but it is unlikely that 10% of European women have disordered carbohydrate metabolism.  2) The fasting and 1-h values should be included in any analysis of the response of the patient.  By doing this, many fewer women will have responses regarded as abnormal; in this series, it reduced the 79 women with a 2-h value > 8 mM to 15 who were considered to have carbohydrate intolerance (2 with diabetes, 13 with impaired glucose tolerance [IGT]).  3) By increasing the 2-h cutoff value to greater-than-or-equal-to 9 mM, the number of women regarded as at risk would be reduced by > 50% (from 79 to 32 in this series), but 10 of the 13 women with two abnormal values would still have been detected, as would the 2 diabetic women.  4) From the obstetric viewpoint, mothers who screen positive do not have bigger babies, they deliver close to term, and they do not have particular stigmas such as a family history of diabetes or an increased tendency to smoke or to have an adverse obstetric outcome.  However, they do tend to be older and heavier.  This raises the question of whether the apparent longer-term consequences such as coronary artery disease and hypertension are not in some measure due to these factors rather than carbohydrate intolerance alone.  5) We recommend that the screening test for disordered carbohydrate tolerance should be based on a 75-g OGTT with at least three blood samples:  fasting, 60 min, and 120 min.  The fasting value should not exceed 7 mM, the 1-h level should be < 11 mM, and the 2-h value should be < 9 mM.  To diagnose IGT, either the fasting or 1-h concentration should be above the stated values in addition to a 2-h value > 9 mM.  Diabetes should be diagnosed with the existing World Health Organization criteria.  6) The term gestational diabetes should be reserved for those in whom blood glucose levels are diagnostic of diabetes and not IGT.  If the term IGT during pregnancy is too long, the abbreviation gestational IGT is a reasonable alternative.
Genetic risk of type 2 diabetes modifies the effects of a lifestyle intervention aimed at the prevention of gestational and postpartum diabetes; Aims/hypothesis The aim of this study was to assess the interaction between genetic risk and lifestyle intervention on the occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and postpartum diabetes. Methods The RADIEL study is an RCT aimed at prevention of GDM and postpartum diabetes through lifestyle intervention. Participants with a BMI >= 30 kg/m(2) and/or prior GDM were allocated to intervention and control groups before pregnancy or in early pregnancy. The study visits took place every 3 months before pregnancy, once in each trimester, and at 6 weeks and 6 and 12 months postpartum. We calculated a polygenic risk score (PRS) based on 50 risk variants for type 2 diabetes. Results Altogether, 516 participants provided genetic and GDM data. The PRS was associated with higher glycaemic levels (fasting glucose and/or HbA(1c)) and a lower insulin secretion index in the second and third trimesters and at 12 months postpartum, as well as with a higher occurrence of GDM and glycaemic abnormalities at 12 months postpartum (n = 356). There was an interaction between the PRS and lifestyle intervention (p=0.016 during pregnancy and p=0.024 postpartum) when analysing participants who did not have GDM at the first study visit during pregnancy (n = 386). When analysing women in tertiles according to the PRS, the intervention was effective in reducing the age-adjusted occurrence of GDM only among those with the highest genetic risk (OR 0.37; 95% CI 0.17, 0.82). The risk of glycaemic abnormalities at 12 months postpartum was reduced in the same group after adjusting additionally for BMI, parity, smoking and education (OR 0.35; 95% CI 0.13, 0.97). Conclusions/interpretation Genetic predisposition to diabetes modifies the response to a lifestyle intervention aimed at prevention of GDM and postpartum diabetes. This suggests that lifestyle intervention may benefit from being tailored according to genetic risk.
Folic Acid Supplement Use and Increased Risk of Gestational Hypertension; Current results regarding the effect of folic acid (FA) supplement use on gestational hypertension (GH) and preeclampsia are limited and inconsistent. We aimed to investigate whether FA supplement use was associated with GH and preeclampsia. Participants from the Tongji Maternal and Child Health Cohort with information on periconceptional FA supplement use and diagnosis of GH/preeclampsia were included (n=4853). Robust Poisson regression was used to assess the association of FA supplement use and GH and preeclampsia. Among the 4853 participants in this study, 1161 (23.9%) and 161 (3.3%) women were diagnosed with GH and preeclampsia, respectively. The risk ratio of developing GH was higher in women who used >= 800 mu g/d FA supplement from prepregnancy through midpregnancy than nonusers (risk ratio, 1.33 [1.08-1.65]). After adjusting for social-demographic, reproductive, lifestyle factors, family history of hypertension, other supplement use, and gestational weight gain, the adverse association remained significant (risk ratio, 1.32 [1.06-1.64]). Restricting the analysis among women with normal weight, without family history of hypertension, and without gestational diabetes mellitus, the positive FA-GH association still existed. We did not find any significant association between FA supplement use and preeclampsia regardless of adjustment. High-dose (>= 800 mu g/d) FA supplement use from prepregnancy through midpregnancy was associated with increased risk of GH. Attention should be given to avoid the potential risk of GH due to inappropriate FA supplement use in women who are planning or capable of pregnancy.
Evaluation of Circulating Determinants of Beta-Cell Function in Women With and Without Gestational Diabetes; Context: Gestational diabetes (GDM) arises in women in whom there is insufficient beta-cell compensation for the insulin resistance of late pregnancy. The mechanisms underlying both normal antepartum beta-cell adaptation and its aberrancy in GDM are unclear. Preclinical studies have suggested that the hormones prolactin and human placental lactogen (HPL) may stimulate beta-cell mass, whereas the furan fatty acid metabolite 3-carboxy-4-methyl-5-propyl-2-furanpropanoic acid (CMPF) has recently emerged as a potential negative regulator of beta-cell function. However, there has been limited study of these factors in humans. Objective: Our objective was to systematically evaluate HPL, prolactin, and CMPF in relation to glucose homeostasis and beta-cell function in women with and without GDM. Design/Setting/Participants: Three-hundred-and-ninety-five women underwent an oral glucose tolerance test in late pregnancy, enabling assessment of GDM status, glycemia (area-under-the-glucose-curve on oral glucose tolerance test [AUC(glucose)]), beta-cell function (Insulin Secretion-Sensitivity Index-2, insulinogenic index/homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance [HOMA-IR]), insulin sensitivity/resistance (Matsuda index, HOMA-IR), and circulating HPL, prolactin, and CMPF. Results: Serum concentrations of HPL, prolactin, and CMPF were similar between women with GDM (n = 105) and women without GDM (n = 290). However, on multiple linear regression analyses, CMPF emerged as a significant predictor of AUC(glucose) in women with GDM (t = 4.75, P = .0001) but not in their peers (P = .60). Furthermore, CMPF independently predicted lower Insulin Secretion- Sensitivity Index-2 (t = -2.28, P = .02) and lower insulinogenic index/HOMA-IR (t = -2.22, P = .03) in women with GDM but not in the non-GDM group (both P = .93). Neither HPL nor prolactin was significantly associated with AUCglucose, beta-cell function, or insulin sensitivity. Conclusion: CMPF is a potential circulating determinant of beta-cell dysfunction and hyperglycemia in women with GDM.
Evaluation of the selected parameters of the fetal diastolic functions in normally grown or macrosomic fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers with poor glycaemic control; Objective: This study aimed to investigate whether the third trimester fetal cardiac diastolic function measured by selected conventional Doppler indices is affected in appropriate-for-gestational-age or macrosomic fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers with poor glycaemic control. Methods: This cross-sectional study included 93 pregnant women divided into two groups. Group 1 included 45 appropriate-for-gestational-age or macrosomic fetuses from gestational diabetic mothers with poor glycaemic control (study group). Group 2 included 48 appropriate-for-gestational-age fetuses from gestational age-matched healthy mothers (control group). Functional fetal cardiac parameters and fetoplacental Doppler parameters were measured. Data were compared between the two groups. Results: Maternal characteristics did not differ significantly between the study and the control group. There were no significant differences in the early and late velocity, early/late velocity ratio of both mitral and tricuspid valves, the fetal pulmonary vein pulsatility index, and the ductus venosus pulsatility index between the study and the control group. Moreover, the rate of abnormal Doppler findings in pulmonary vein (pulmonary vein pulsatility index >95th centile), ductus venosus (ductus venosus pulsatility index >95th centile), and peripheral vessels (umbilical artery pulsatility index >95th centile, middle cerebral artery pulsatility index <5th centile, cerebra-placental index >95th centile) were comparable in both groups. Conclusions: The third trimester fetal diastolic functions measured by selected conventional Doppler techniques do not seem to be altered in appropriate-for-gestational-age or macrosomic fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers who have poor glycaemic control.
A global view of hypertensive disorders and diabetes mellitus during pregnancy; Two important maternal cardiometabolic disorders (CMDs), hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP) (including pre-eclampsia) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), result in a large disease burden for pregnant individuals worldwide. A global consensus has not been reached about the diagnostic criteria for HDP and GDM, making it challenging to assess differences in their disease burden between countries and areas. However, both diseases show an unevenly distributed disease burden for regions with a low income or middle income, or low-income and middle-income countries (LMICs), or regions with lower sociodemographic and human development indexes. In addition to many common clinical, demographic and behavioural risk factors, the development and clinical consequences of maternal CMDs are substantially influenced by the social determinants of health, such as systemic marginalization. Although progress has been occurring in the early screening and management of HDP and GDM, the accuracy and long-term effects of such screening and management programmes are still under investigation. In addition to pharmacological therapies and lifestyle modifications at the individual level, a multilevel approach in conjunction with multisector partnership should be adopted to tackle the public health issues and health inequity resulting from maternal CMDs. The current COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted health service delivery, with women with maternal CMDs being particularly vulnerable to this public health crisis. Two maternal cardiometabolic disorders, hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), affect many pregnant individuals worldwide. This Review discusses the global disease burden and risk factors for HDP and GDM and discusses public health interventions that might help reduce the associated mortality and morbidity.
Association of Congenital Heart Defects (CHD) with Factors Related to Maternal Health and Pregnancy in Newborns in Puerto Rico; Background: Given the pervasive issues of obesity and diabetes both in Puerto Rico and the broader United States, there is a compelling need to investigate the intricate interplay among body mass index (BMI), pregestational, and gestational maternal diabetes, and their potential impact on the occurrence of congenital heart defects (CHD) during neonatal development. Methods: Using the comprehensive System of Vigilance and Surveillance of Congenital Defects in Puerto Rico, we conducted a focused analysis on neonates diagnosed with CHD between 2016 and 2020. Our assessment encompassed a range of variables, including maternal age, gestational age, BMI, pregestational diabetes, gestational diabetes, hypertension, history of abortion, and presence of preeclampsia. Results: A cohort of 673 patients was included in our study. The average maternal age was 26 years, within a range of 22 to 32 years. The mean gestational age measured 39 weeks, with a median span of 38 to 39 weeks. Of the 673 patients, 274 (41%) mothers gave birth to neonates diagnosed with CHD. Within this group, 22 cases were linked to pre-gestational diabetes, while 202 were not; 20 instances were associated with gestational diabetes, compared to 200 without; and 148 cases exhibited an overweight or obese BMI, whereas 126 displayed a normal BMI. Conclusion: We identified a statistically significant correlation between pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and the occurrence of CHD. However, our analysis did not show a statistically significant association between maternal BMI and the likelihood of CHD. These results may aid in developing effective strategies to prevent and manage CHD in neonates.
Intensive glycemic control in diabetic pregnancy with intrauterine growth restriction in detrimental to fetus; Hyperglycemia during early pregnancy can lead to congenital malformations and/or spontaneous abortion while in the last few days of pregnancy it causes neonatal metabolic complications. Macrosomia is the most common complication and is due to maternal hyperglycemia in second and third trimester of pregnancy. In view of all these, intensive glycemic control of the mother is recommended throughout pregnancy. Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is a well known complication of pre-gestational diabetic patients due to vasculopathy and is also seen in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) due to overinsulinisation. Hitherto there are no separate recommendations for glycemic targets in pregnant diabetic patients with IUGR. In presence of IUGR due placental vascular insufficiency, intensive glycemic control may deprive fetus of nutrition. Secondly frequent hypoglycemias which are inevitable complication of insulin treatment may further worsen the IUGR. In presence of IUGR, macrosomia is a rare possibility, and in such situation intensive glycemic control throughout pregnancy may not be justifiable and may actually be detrimental. Neonatal metabolic complications can be avoided by strict glycemic control during Last two weeks of pregnancy. (C) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Sleep-Disordered Breathing and Pregnancy-Related Cardiovascular Disease; Sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) is a serious medical condition characterized by intermittent episodes of airflow limitation, intermittent hypoxia, and sleep disturbance triggering a pattern of autonomic dysfunction associated with hypertension, diabetes, and other adverse health conditions. SDB incidence is two to three times higher during pregnancy and is associated with an increased risk of cardiometabolic complications, including pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. Treatments to protect breathing during sleep are available, pointing to SDB as a potential therapeutic target to reduce maternal cardiometabolic morbidity. However, in clinical practice, the majority of SDB cases in pregnancy are undiagnosed, indicating a need to improve screening for SDB risk factors and referral for diagnostic testing. Furthermore, definitive clinical trials are needed to determine the extent to which SDB intervention reduces the risk of adverse cardiovascular and neonatal outcomes in pregnancy. This review article discusses an accumulation of research pointing to SDB as a prevalent risk factor for gestational cardiometabolic disease, as well as a potential therapeutic target to reduce cardiometabolic morbidity.
DIABCARE DATA SET COLLECTION - BENEFITS AND WARNINGS; The aim of this study was to assess the benefits and warnings of DIABCARE Data Set (DDS) collection using the DIABCARE program adapted to a net environment in a hospital based out-patient consultation. Experience with 293 patients is reported with 84.6% of the records completed. The first benefit is DDS exploitation as a registry. This showed that 4.4% of the patients skipped the visit. Diabetes-type characterisation was: 43% IDDM, 28.9% NIDDM (other types 27.6%). Up to 77. 1% of IDDM patients received treatment with multiple injection therapy (greater-than-or-equal-to 3 injections/day), and 88.8% NIDDM received oral agents and/or insulin. The blood glucose self monitoring status was 98% in IDDM and 80.5% in NIDDM. Status of St. Vincent Declaration targets showed blindness 2.1%/7.9% end-stage renal failure 2%/1.5%, amputation 0%/0%, myocardial infarction 1%/15.2%, stroke 0%/7.6% in IDDM and NIDDM patients, respectively, and outcome for pregnancies ending in the last year: normal in women with IDDM and 6.7% abortion rate in women with gestational diabetes mellitus. The warnings from the analysis of IDDM and NIDDM patients derive from incomplete files for some risk factors or process indicators: i.e. registry of cigarette smoking status was lacking in 19.4% of patients, proteinuria/albuminuria in 17. 1 %, fundoscopy in 13.8%. This analysis allowed quantification of risk groups: i.e. active smokers 39.8%; previous hypoglycaemic emergency 8.4%; patients with feet at risk 31.5% (either abnormal sensitivity, absent foot pulses or acute/healed ulcers); risk of blindness 12.6% (maculopathy, preproliferative retinopathy, proliferative retinopathy or advanced eye disease). On the basis of this information, intervention and initiation of quality assurance circles can be programmed.
Endothelial dysfunction in obesity and insulin resistance: A road to diabetes and heart disease; Obesity, insulin resistance, and endothelial dysfunction closely coexist throughout the natural history of type 2 diabetes. They all can be identified not only in people with type 2 diabetes, but also in various groups at risk for the disease, such as individuals with impaired glucose tolerance, family history of type 2 diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, prior gestational diabetes, or polycystic ovary syndrome. Whereas their evident association cannot fully establish a cause-effect relationship, fascinating mechanisms that bring them closer together than ever before are rapidly emerging. Central or abdominal obesity leads to insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction through fat-derived metabolic products, hormones, and cytokines., Insulin resistance leads to endothelial dysfunction through the frequent association with traditional cardiovascular risk factors and through some more direct novel mechanisms. Some specific and shared insulin signaling abnormalities in muscle, fat, and endothelial cells, as well as some new genetic and nontraditional factors, may contribute to this interesting association. Some recent clinical studies demonstrate that nonpharmacological and pharmacological strategies targeting obesity and/or insulin resistance ameliorate endothelial function and low-grade inflammation. All these findings have added a new dimension to the association of obesity, insulin resistance, and endothelial dysfunction that may become a key target in the prevention of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Abnormal placental pathological findings and adverse clinical outcomes of oocyte donation; We sought to assess chronic inflammatory responses in patients who achieved pregnancy by oocyte donation and non-oocyte donation-assisted reproductive technology and delivered at The Ottawa Hospital. Data describing maternal health, obstetrical outcomes, neonatal outcomes, and placental pathology were collected and analyzed from electronic medical records. An increased frequency of adverse obstetrical outcomes was observed. In the oocyte donation-assisted reproductive technology group, placental pathology data demonstrated increased frequency of fetal vascular malperfusion (p = 0.02) and placenta accreta (p < 0.001), representing a chronic inflammatory response. Placental pathology reflecting dysregulated immune processes and vasculopathy is associated with oocyte donation.
Inflammation, depression and cardiovascular disease in women: the role of the immune system across critical reproductive events; Women are at increased risk for developing depression and cardiovascular disease (CVD) across the lifespan and their comorbidity is associated with adverse outcomes that contribute significantly to rates of morbidity and mortality in women worldwide. Immune-system activity has been implicated in the etiology of both depression and CVD, but it is unclear how inflammation contributes to sex differences in this comorbidity. This narrative review provides an updated synthesis of research examining the association of inflammation with depression and CVD, and their comorbidity in women. Recent research provides evidence of pro-inflammatory states and sex differences associated with alterations in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system and the serotonin/kynurenine pathway, that likely contribute to the development of depression and CVD. Changes to inflammatory cytokines in relation to reproductive periods of hormonal fluctuation (i.e. the menstrual cycle, perinatal period and menopause) are highlighted and provide a greater understanding of the unique vulnerability women experience in developing both depressed mood and adverse cardiovascular events. Inflammatory biomarkers hold substantial promise when combined with a patient's reproductive and mental health history to aid in the prediction, identification and treatment of the women most at risk for CVD and depression. However, more research is needed to improve our understanding of the mechanisms underlying inflammation in relation to their comorbidity, and how these findings can be translated to improve women's health.
Impact of Maternal Obesity on Perinatal and Childhood Outcomes; Maternal obesity is of major consequence, affecting every aspect of maternity care including both short- and long-term effects on the health of the offspring. Obese mothers are at a higher risk of developing gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia, potentially exposing the foetus to an adverse intrauterine environment. Maternal obesity is linked to foetal macrosomia, resulting in increased neonatal and maternal morbidity. Foetal macrosomia is a result of a change in body composition in the neonate with an increase in both percentage fat and fat mass. Maternal obesity and gestational weight gain are associated with childhood obesity, and this effect extends into adulthood. Childhood obesity in turn increases chances of later life obesity, thus type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the offspring. Further clinical trials of lifestyle and, potentially, pharmacological interventions in obese pregnant women are required to determine whether short- and long-term adverse effects for the mother and child can be reduced. (C) 2014 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Comparing 24 h physical activity profiles: Office workers, women with a history of gestational diabetes and people with chronic disease condition(s); This study demonstrates a novel data-driven method of summarising accelerometer data to profile physical activity in three diverse groups, compared with cut-point determined moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA). GGIR was used to generate average daily acceleration, intensity gradient, time in MVPA and MX metrics (acceleration above which the most active X-minutes accumulate) from wrist-worn accelerometer data from three datasets: office-workers (OW, N = 697), women with a history of post-gestational diabetes (PGD, N = 267) and adults with >= 1 chronic disease (CD, N = 1,325). Average acceleration and MVPA were lower in CD, but not PGD, relative to OW (-5.2 mgand -30.7 minutes, respectively, P < 0.001). Both PGD and CD had poorer intensity distributions than OW (P < 0.001). Application of a cut-point to the M30 showed 7%, 17% and 28%, of OW, PGD and CD, respectively, accumulated 30 minutes of brisk walking per day. Radar plots showed OW had higher overall activity than CD. The relatively poor intensity distribution of PGD, despite similar overall activity to OW, was due to accumulation of more light and less higher intensity activity. These data-driven methods identify aspects of activity that differ between groups, which may be missed by cut-point methods alone.
Neonatal meningitis: related features; Objective: The goal of this study was to identify and to analyze the features related to the occurrence of neonatal meningitis. Method: In a case-control study we examined all newborns presenting meningitis between August/2002 and December/2003 in the neonatal Intensive Care Unit. Healthy newborns were enrolled as a Control Group (CG). Data related to pregnancy, labor and the neonate itself were collected. The results with p < 0.05 were considered significant. Results: 42 newborns with meningitis were compared to 42 controls. The meningitis group (MG) presented a lower number of medical visits during the prenatal care. The most common abnormalities detected in both groups were: drug addiction, congenital infections, preeclampsia, eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and urinary tract infections. Fetal respiratory distress and the use of respiratory support were related to the occurrence of meningitis. The average weight and the APGAR scores were lower in the MG. The prevalence of premature and small for the gestational age infants was significantly higher in the MG. The neurological examination detected abnormalities in 35.7% of the meningitis cases. Conclusion: The association of risk factors related to pregnancy, labor and the newborn itself to the neonatal meningitis outcome in our setting is similar to the described in the literature.
Evaluation of Referral Pattern for Fetal Echocardiography at a Tertiary Care Center in Northern India and Its Implications; To determine the referral pattern for fetal echocardiography (FE) at our tertiary referral center for pediatric cardiac care in northern India. We also aimed to determine the incidence of CHD in each group and intend to highlight the need of identifying the various risk factors and appropriate timely referral of patients for detailed evaluation. This is a prospective study including 201 consecutive patients referred for fetal echo to our center. Data collected included referral indication, gestational age, maternal age, the gravida, and the final diagnosis after detailed fetal echo. Various indications that were evaluated included maternal diabetes (pre-gestational or gestational), echogenic cardiac nodule, abnormal four chamber on ultrasound, other extra-cardiac abnormalities detected on ultrasound, and twin pregnancies or IVF conceptions. Some women had opted for fetal echo electively and they were defined as self referral. The mean gestational age of referral was 24 +/- 5 weeks. Out of these, 196 had specific referral indication while five were self referrals. The most common indication for referral was echogenic cardiac foci. CHD was diagnosed in 38 (19 %) patients. Indication that yielded the highest number of CHD cases was cardiac abnormality on USG. The mean gestational age at referral in those detected to have CHD was 27 +/- 4 weeks. The commonest CHD detected was tiny VSD, while most of the complex CHD's were diagnosed in those referred for cardiac abnormality on USG. CHD detection is highest in those referred for abnormal cardiac imaging on USG, and hence a careful assessment of fetal heart during routine prenatal screening would increase the CHD detection markedly. Nuchal translucency needs to be measured accurately and those with value greater that 99th centile should be referred for FE. Mothers with pre-gestational diabetes should have a FE prior to 20 weeks to rule out CHD. A FE scan in third trimester is indicated in diabetic females (gestational and pre-gestational) if the glycemic control is poor evidenced by HbA1c > 6 %. Timely referral is absolutely essential so that appropriate counseling of the parents can be done.
Mother-child cardiometabolic health 4-10 years after pregnancy complicated by obesity with and without gestational diabetes; Objective: Obesity in pregnancy and gestational diabetes (GDM) increase cardiometabolic disease risk but are difficult to disentangle. This study aimed to test the hypothesis that 4-10 years after a pregnancy complicated by overweight/obesity and GDM (OB-GDM), women and children would have greater adiposity and poorer cardiometabolic health than those with overweight/obesity (OB) or normal weight (NW) and no GDM during the index pregnancy. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, mother-child dyads were stratified into three groups based on maternal health status during pregnancy (OB-GDM = 67; OB = 76; NW = 76). Weight, height, waist and hip circumferences, and blood pressure were measured, along with fasting glucose, insulin, HbA1c, lipids, adipokines, and cytokines. Results: Women in the OB and OB-GDM groups had greater current adiposity and poorer cardiometabolic health outcomes than those in the NW group (p < 0.05). After adjusting for current adiposity, women in the OB-GDM group had higher HbA1c, glucose, HOMA-IR and triglycerides than NW and OB groups (p < 0.05). Among children, adiposity was greater in the OB-GDM versus NW group (p < 0.05), but other indices of cardiometabolic health did not differ. Conclusions: Poor cardiometabolic health in women with prior GDM is independent of current adiposity. Although greater adiposity among children exposed to GDM is evident at 4-10 years, differences in cardiometabolic health may not emerge until later.
Long-Term Effects of Pregnancy Complications on Maternal Health: A Review; Background: Most pregnancy-related medical complications appear to resolve at delivery or shortly thereafter. Common examples are preterm labor, placental abruption, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes. Women who developed such complications are known to be at increased risk of developing similar complications in future pregnancies. It has recently become evident that these women are at an increased risk of long term medical complications. Methods: A search through scientific publications in English regarding the association of obstetric complications and long-term maternal illness. Results: There is a clear association between various obstetric complications and long-term effects on maternal health. Conclusions: Women with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes are at increased risk of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases later in life. Data increasingly links maternal vascular, metabolic, and inflammatory complications of pregnancy with an increased risk of vascular disease in later life.
Association of fetal heart rate short term variability pattern during term labor with neonatal morbidity and small for gestational age status; Objective: To assess the association of fetal heart rate short-term variability (STV) pattern during term labor with both neonatal composite morbidity (cord blood pH < 7.10 and/or neonatal intensive care unit admission and/or Apgar score at 5 min <7) and small for gestational age (SGA) status.Study design: Retrospective cohort in a single academic institution between January 2016 and December 2018. A total of 1896 women that delivered a singleton during labor in cephalic presentation after 37 weeks of gestation were included (948 women with SGA neonates and 948 women with appropriate weight for gestational age (AGA) neonates that were matched to women with SGA neonates based on maternal age, parity, induction of labor, gestational diabetes, gestational age at delivery and a history of one cesarean section using propensity score matching). STV was compared at labor onset (cervical dilation < 4 cm), in the first stage of labor (cervical dilation = 6 cm) and in the second stage of labor (cervical dilation = 10 cm). A generalized linear mixed model was used to assess the association between SGA status, neonatal composite morbidity and STV.Results: After adjustment for maternal origin, term, gestational diabetes, labor length, SGA status was not associated with any change in STV during labor (mean adjusted STV:-0.20 ms, 95 %CI[-0.58-0.17], p = 0.284 at labor onset, 0.29 ms, 95 %CI[-0.1- 0.68], p = 0.155, in the first stage of labor and 0.36 ms, 95 %CI [-0.02-0.74], p = 0.065 in the second stage of labor). In case of neonatal composite morbidity mean adjusted STV was lower in the first stage of labor (mean adjusted STV:-1.29 ms, 95 %CI[-2.1 --0.43], p = 0.003) and in the second stage of labor (mean adjusted STV:-1.15 ms, 95 %CI[-1.96 --0.34], p = 0.005). The results were similar with the addition of delivery mode and meconium-stained amniotic fluid in the model or non-reassuring fetal heart rate and meconium-stained amniotic fluid. Conclusions: This work suggests that STV decrease during term labor is associated with fetal well-being, inde-pendently of fetal weight. This suggests that further prospective studies should consider the evaluation of this parameter in the prediction of neonatal compromise.
Segmentation and classification in MRI and US fetal imaging: Recent trends and future prospects; Fetal imaging is a burgeoning topic. New advancements in both magnetic resonance imaging and (3D) ultrasound currently allow doctors to diagnose fetal structural abnormalities such as those involved in twin to-twin transfusion syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, pulmonary sequestration and hypoplasia, congenital heart disease, diaphragmatic hernia, ventriculomegaly, etc. Considering the continued breakthroughs in utero image analysis and (3D) reconstruction models, it is now possible to gain more insight into the ongoing development of the fetus. Best prenatal diagnosis performances rely on the conscious preparation of the clinicians in terms of fetal anatomy knowledge. Therefore, fetal imaging will likely span and increase its prevalence in the forthcoming years. This review covers state-of-the-art segmentation and classification methodologies for the whole fetus and, more specifically, the fetal brain, lungs, liver, heart and placenta in magnetic resonance imaging and (3D) ultrasound for the first time. Potential applications of the aforementioned methods into clinical settings are also inspected. Finally, improvements in existing approaches as well as most promising avenues to new areas of research are briefly outlined. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Exposure to Gestational Diabetes Is a Stronger Predictor of Dysmetabolic Traits in Children Than Size at Birth; Context and Objective: Being born small or large for gestational age and intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes (GDM) increase the risk of type 2 diabetes in the offspring. However, the potential combined deleterious effects of size at birth and GDM exposure remains unknown. We examined the independent effect of size at birth and the influence of GDM exposure in utero on cardiometabolic traits, body composition, and puberty status in children. Design, Participants, and Methods: The present study was a longitudinal birth cohort study. We used clinical data from 490 offspring of mothers with GDM and 527 control offspring aged 9 to 16 years, born singleton at term from the Danish National Birth Cohort with available birthweight data. Results: We found no evidence of a U-shaped association between size at birth (expressed as birthweight, sex, and gestational age adjusted z-score) and cardiometabolic traits. Body size in childhood and adolescence reflected the size at birth but was not reflected in any metabolic outcome. No synergistic adverse effect of being born small or large for gestational age and exposure to GDM was shown. However, GDM was associated with an adverse metabolic profile and earlier onset of female puberty in childhood and adolescence independently of size at birth. Conclusion: In childhood and adolescence, we found GDM was a stronger predictor of dysmetabolic traits than size at birth. The combination of being born small or large and exposed to GDM does not exacerbate the metabolic profile in the offspring.
Transgelin induces dysfunction of fetal endothelial colony-forming cells from gestational diabetic pregnancies; Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predisposes children to future health complications including hypertension and cardiovascular disease. A key mechanism by which these complications occur is through the functional impairment of vascular progenitor cells, including endothelial colony-forming cells (ECFCs). Previously, we showed that fetal ECFCs exposed to GDM have decreased vasculogenic potential and altered gene expression. In this study, we evaluate whether transgelin (TAGLN), which is increased in GDM-exposed ECFCs, contributes to vasculogenic dysfunction. TAGLN is an actin-binding protein involved in the regulation of cytoskeletal rearrangement. We hypothesized that increased TAGLN expression in GDM-exposed fetal ECFCs decreases network formation by impairing cytoskeletal rearrangement resulting in reduced cell migration. To determine if TAGLN is required and/or sufficient to impair ECFC network formation, TAGLN was reduced and overexpressed in ECFCs from GDM and uncomplicated pregnancies, respectively. Decreasing TAGLN expression in GDM-exposed ECFCs improved network formation and stability as well as increased migration. In contrast, overexpressing TAGLN in ECFCs from uncomplicated pregnancies decreased network formation, network stability, migration, and alignment to laminar flow. Overall, these data suggest that increased TAGLN likely contributes to the vasculogenic dysfunction observed in GDM-exposed ECFCs, as it impairs ECFC migration, cell alignment, and network formation. Identifying the molecular mechanisms underlying fetal ECFC dysfunction following GDM exposure is key to ascertain mechanistically the basis for cardiovascular disease predisposition later in life.
Reversible Second-Degree Heart Block Attributed to Ondansetron: A Rare Side Effect; A primigravida at 36 weeks with gestational diabetes mellitus and hypothyroidism and no prior chronic medical illness was admitted for safe confinement. A cesarean section was required to deliver the baby with breech presentation complicated by a slow progression of labor. Asymptomatic sinus bradycardia with a heart rate of 40 per minute was observed during the induction of anesthesia. Before bupivacaine administration for spinal anesthesia, she was administered pantoprazole 40 mg and ondansetron 4 mg intravenously. ECG recording showed a type 1 Mobitz second-degree heart block. Follow-up ECG showed progression of heart block to type 2 Mobitz second-degree heart block. The second-degree heart block persisted for 16 hours, during which the patient was asymptomatic, and the ventricular rate was maintained at a range of 60-80 per minute. After normalization of rhythm, the patient was observed in the ICU. She received another dose of ondansetron 4 mg intravenously for vomiting, and the heart block recurred. The rhythm disturbance was attributed to ondansetron. Her rhythm normalized after 36 hours, and she was subsequently discharged home three days later.
Physical Activity and Health in Women: A Review of the Epidemiologic Evidence; Medical authorities advise US adults to perform a minimum of 30 minutes of moderate-intensity aerobic physical activity on most days of the week to improve health and reduce risk for many chronic conditions. New findings from epidemiologic studies suggest that physical activity not only reduces the risk of developing coronary heart disease, stroke, and type 2 diabetes but also may prevent certain cancers (including colon and breast cancer), osteoporotic fracture, falls, cognitive decline, mood disturbances, and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Physical activity is important for regulating body weight, but many cardiometabolic benefits of exercise are independent of such regulation. This article reviews recent epidemiologic evidence on physical activity with respect to a variety of health outcomes in women and concludes with guidance for clinicians seeking to boost activity levels in sedentary patients. However, additional research is needed on features of individualand community-based interventions and policies that successfully promote healthful levels of physical activity.
Cardiovascular prevention in women: a narrative review from the Italian Society of Cardiology working groups on 'Cardiovascular Prevention, Hypertension and peripheral circulation' and on 'Women Disease'; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of mortality and morbidity in women. Some authors highlighted that the female risk profile consists of traditional and emerging risk factors. Despite the lower prevalence of type 2 diabetes, years of life lost owing to the disease for women are substantially higher compared with men. In addition, pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes represents a risk factor for CVD. Women with gestational diabetes have a higher prevalence of coronary artery disease that occur at a younger age and are independent of T2DM. Hypertension is an important cardiovascular risk factor in women. Estrogens and progesterone, known to have an impact on blood pressure levels, have also been proposed to be protective against sleep-disordered breathing. It is very difficult to understand whereas obstructive sleep apnea in women is independently associated with hypertension or if many confounders acting at different stages of the woman lifespan mediate this relation. The cardioprotective effect of physical activity in women of all ages is well known. Women are generally more physically inactive than men. During and after menopause, most women tend to reduce their physical activity levels and together with the reduction in basal metabolic rate, women experience loss of skeletal muscle mass with a negative change in the ratio of fat-to-lean mass. In conclusion, sex differences in the cardiovascular system are because of dissimilarities in gene expression and sex hormones; these result in variations in prevalence and presentation of CVD and associated conditions, such as diabetes, hypertension and vascular and cardiac remodeling. Changes in lifestyle and increase in physical activity could help in prevention of cardiovascular disease in women.
Follow-up of pregnancy in acromegalic women: Different presentations and outcomes; Pregnancy in acromegaly is a rather rare event since the fertility is reduced in acromegalic women. Besides, metabolic complications of acromegaly are harmful to both mother and fetus. Little is known about the outcome of pregnancy in acromegalic women. Here, we report seven cases of pregnancy out of 48 acromegalic women followed for 16 years. At diagnosis, five patients had macroadenoma, one patient had microadenoma and the size of the tumor was not documented in one patient. In one patient, acromegaly was initially diagnosed during pregnancy at 29 weeks. When she was 33 weeks, she developed pituitary apoplexy and had an emergency transsphenoidal resection of her macroadenoma during which she also had a cesarian section and delivered a healthy baby girt. In the remaining six patients, pregnancy occured 6 to 64.5 months after the adenoma resection. Three patients received radiotherapy before getting preg-nant. In three patients, pregnancy occured during bromocriptine treatment and the drug was withdrawn. In one patient, pregnancy occured during chronic octreotide treatment and therapeutic abortion was performed. In another patient, therapeutic abortion was performed because of uncontrolled disease. In the remaining four patients, there were neither worsening of symptoms nor tumor growth. All four patients gave birth to full-term healthy infants. Out of our seven patients, two developed gestational diabetes mellitus which was controlled with diet. None of the patients had coronary artery disease, hypertension or dyslipidemia. These cases show that pregnancy might be uneventful in acromegalic women when the disease is controlled with prior surgery and radiotherapy.
Cumulative Lactation and Clinical Metabolic Outcomes at Mid-Life among Women with a History of Gestational Diabetes; Lactation is associated with a lower risk of subsequent cardiometabolic disease among parous women; however, the underlying mechanisms are unknown. Further, the potential protective effects of lactation on cardiometabolic risk markers at mid-life among high-risk women with past gestational diabetes (GDM) are not established. Using data from the Diabetes & Women's Health Study (2012-2014; n = 577), a longitudinal cohort of women with past GDM from the Danish National Birth Cohort (1996-2002), we assessed associations of cumulative lactation duration (none, <6 months, 6-12 months, >= 12-24 months, and >= 24 months) with clinical metabolic outcomes (including type 2 diabetes [T2D], prediabetes, and obesity) and cardiometabolic biomarkers (including biomarkers of glucose/insulin metabolism, fasting lipids, inflammation, and anthropometrics) 9-16 years after enrollment when women were at mid-life. At follow-up, women were 43.9 years old (SD 4.6) with a BMI of 28.7 kg/m(2) (IQR 24.6, 33.0); 28.6% of participants had T2D, 39.7% had prediabetes, and 41.2% had obesity. Relative risks (95% CI) of T2D for 0-6, 6-12, 12-24, and >= 24 months of cumulative lactation duration compared to none were 0.94 (0.62,1.44), 0.88 (0.59,1.32), 0.73 (0.46,1.17), and 0.71 (0.40,1.27), respectively. Cumulative lactation duration was not significantly associated with any other clinical outcome or continuous biomarker. In this high-risk cohort of middle-aged women with past GDM, T2D, prediabetes, and obesity were common at follow-up, but not associated with history of cumulative lactation duration 9-16 years after the index pregnancy. Further studies in diverse populations among women at mid-age are needed to understand associations of breastfeeding with T2D.
Association of maternal pre-pregnancy dietary intake with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes: A systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies; This study aimed to summarize the evidence regarding the effects of dietary intake before conception on pregnancy outcomes by performing a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies. Electronic databases were searched from inception up to August 2021. Overall, 65 studies involving 831 798 participants were included and 38 studies were quantitatively pooled. With regard to maternal outcomes, pre-pregnancy intake of fried food, fast food, red and processed meat, heme iron and a low-carbohydrate dietary pattern was positively associated with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (all P < 0.05). However, a high dietary fiber intake and folic acid supplementation were negatively associated with GDM risk (both P < 0.05). With regard to neonatal outcomes, maternal caffeine intake before pregnancy significantly increased the risk of spontaneous abortion, while folic acid supplementation had protective effects on total adverse neonatal outcomes, preterm birth, and small-for-gestational age (SGA, all P < 0.05). However, no significant associations were found between adverse pregnancy outcomes (i.e., GDM and SGA) and the pre-pregnancy dietary intake of sugar-sweetened beverages, potato, fish, and carbohydrates and the Healthy Eating Index. Our study suggests that maintaining a healthy diet before conception has significant beneficial effects on pregnancy outcomes. Supplemental data for this article is available online at https://doi.org/10.1080/10408398.2021.1989658
Grand multiparity: Obstetric performance in Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, Kano, Nigeria; Objective: The objective was to review the obstetric performance of booked grand multiparae. Design and Setting: A 5-year prospective observational study of cases between January 1, 2002, and December 31, 2006, was conducted in Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, a tertiary institution, in Kano, Nigeria. Materials and Methods: The antenatal complications and pregnancy outcomes among booked grand mulitparous women (pregnancy after fifth delivery), who delivered in our labor ward, were compared with those of the booked mulitparae (parae 1-4) who delivered immediately after a grand multipara. Outcome Measures: These were obstetric factors of maternal age and parity, antepartum hemorrhage, fetal malpresentations, and multiple pregnancy. Medical complications were gestational diabetes, hypertension, anemia, and heart disease. Pregnancy outcomes measured were gestational age at delivery, birth weight, mode of delivery, postpartum hemorrhage, and maternal and perinatal mortality. Results: The age range of the grand multiparae was between 22 and 43 years, with a mean age of 29.72 + 2.07 years. The parity range was between 5 and 15, with a mean parity of 7.78 + 0.63. There was increased occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus (OR = 12.55, CI = 6.72-23.91), hypertension (OR = 3.07, CI = 2.07-4.59), heart disease (OR = 2.01, CI = 0.70-6.08), anemia (OR = 3.16, CI = 1.42-7.24), antepartum hemorrhage (OR = 2.18, CI = 1.22-3.92), fetal malpresentations (OR = 3.04, CI = 2.38-3.88), cephalopelvic disproportion (OR = 2.09, CI = 1.33-3.29), and fetal macrosomia (OR = 2.27, CI = 1.72-3.00) among the grand multiparae compared with multiparae. Conclusion: The effects of these complications were minimized by good antenatal care.
TIGAR deficiency induces caspase-1-dependent trophoblasts pyroptosis through NLRP3-ASC inflammasome; IntroductionGestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a common complication of pregnancy, is risky for both mother and fetus. Previous studies about TP53-induced glycolysis and apoptosis regulator (TIGAR) focused on the occurrence and development of cancer, cardiovascular disease, and neurological disease, however, it is still unclear whether TIGAR plays a regulatory role in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). MethodsUtilizing HG exposure, we explored the role of TIGAR in oxidative stress limitation, excessive inflammatory toxicity defense, and pyroptosis prevention. ResultsTIGAR was up-regulated in vivo and in vitro under HG condition, and loss of TIGAR increased ROS in trophoblast cells which drove a phenotypic switch and hindered the capacity of migration, invasion, and tube formation. This switch depended on the increased activation of NLRP3-ASC-caspase-1 signaling, which caused a distinctive characteristic of pyroptosis, and these findings could finally be reverted by antioxidant treatment (NAC) and receptor block (MCC950). Collectively, trophoblast pyroptosis is an upstream event of TIGAR deficiency-induced inflammation, which is promoted by ROS accumulation through NLRP3-ASC inflammasome. ConclusionTaken together, our results uncovered that, as the upstream event of TIGAR deficiency-induced inflammation, pyroptosis is stimulated by ROS accumulation through NLRP3-ASC inflammasome.
Impact of exercise during pregnancy on gestational weight gain and birth weight: an overview; Objective: This article presents the state of knowledge related to the impact of exercise on gestational weight gain and birth weight. Transcendence of baby weight: Birth weight is an important indicator of intrauterine environment and maternal and newborn health. There are several factors that can affect birth weight including mother's pre-pregnancy Body Mass Index (BMI), gestational weight gain, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), chronic diabetes and gestational age at birth. Impact of exercise during pregnancy: Physical exercise has the potential to prevent excessive gestational weight gain, GDM and the potential complications associated with obesity during pregnancy. Therefore, women who regularly exercise during pregnancy are more likely to have an appropriate gestational weight gain and in turn, an appropriate birth weight infant, preventing being LGA without increasing risk of SGA, and this reduces risk factors for later life chronic disease development in the child including cardiovascular disease, obesity and diabetes. Recommendations: It would be advisable to promote compliance with physical activity and exercise recommendations during pregnancy by using the specific resources to prescribe exercise to pregnant women without obstetric contraindications. (C) 2018 Associacao Brasileira de Pesquisa e Pos-Graduacao em Fisioterapia. Published by Elsevier Editora Ltda. All rights reserved.
Congenital cardiopathies screening associated with diabetes mellitus using maternal fructosamine plasma concentration; PURPOSE: to evaluate the importance of maternal plasma concentration of fructosamine as an indicator of fetal congenital cardiopathies in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus. METHODS: this was a retrospective study conducted on 91 pregnant women with diabetes mellitus who underwent routine fetal echocardiography at a university reference center in fetal medicine. Sixty-five patientes who presented pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and plasma fructosamine level were registered in the medical records prior to the ultrasound exam. The first measurement recorded was compared with the result of routine fetal echocardiography, carried out by a specialist physician of the service. The presence or absence of echocardiographic findings of congenital cardiopathies (EFCC) was related to plasma levels of fructosamine by the mean t-test and its accuracy for EFCC was verified by the ROC curve. Plsama fructosamine concentrations of 2.68, 2.9 and 2.23 mmol/L, which are, respectively, the local reference laboratory values, the value of the kit employed for measurement and the one of highest overall accuracy, were discussed as the cut-off values. RESULTS: EFCC was found in 52.3% of the fetuses. The first measurement of fructosamine, during the prenatal care period, was performed, on average, at 20.4 +/- 8.0 weeks of pregnancy. The maternal concentration ability of the fructosamine to identify fetuses with EFCC was significant (p< 0.0001) and had an area under the ROC curve of 0.78 (95% CI=0.66-0.89). The 2.9 mmol/L plasma concentration of fructosamine revealed EFCC with better specificity, but with a higher percentage of false-negative results (96.8 and 55.9%). Values above 2.68 mmol/L were associated with a probability of 4.6 to identify fetuses with EFCC compared with lower values, with 58.8% of sensitivity and 87.1%, specificity. The value of 2.23 mmol/L proved to be the most overall accurate of the three values suggested, with a sensitivity of 88.2% in the identification of fetuses with echocardiographic abnormalities. CONCLUSIONS: it is possible to use a second trimester plasma fructosamine level to refer high risk pregnant women to a reference center of fetal echocardiography. These findings are important for the management of women with diabetes mellitus who initiate late prenatal care.
Echocardiographic findings in newborns of gestational diabetic mothers and its relationship with somatomedin-C; Background: Diabetes is an important disease that affects fetal development during pregnancy and causes metabolic disorders in newborns. Changes in serum glucose, ketone bodies, and somatomedin-C inhibitors in the diabetic pregnancies are responsible for the development of metabolic syndromes. The frequency of maternal hyperglycemia has reduced with careful monitoring during pregnancy of diabetic mothers. Nevertheless, morbidity in offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) continues to be significant. We aimed to investigate the cardiac function of infants of mothers with GDM by echocardiographic (ECHO) Doppler and tissue Doppler methods and to evaluate their demographic features, somatomedin-C level and the relations them with each other. Methods: ECHO findings, laboratory data of newborns applied to our clinic between January and December 2016, and demographics of GDM mothers were examined. In the study, 108 neonates born to GDM mothers, and 100 healthy neonates (controls) were enrolled at postpartum 48th hour. Serum somatomedin-C levels were measured and detailed clinical and ECHO examination were performed. Isovolumetric relaxation (IVRT), isovolumetric contraction (IVCT), Myocardial Performance Index (MPI=ei Index) as an index that include both systolic and diastolic time intervals in expressing global systolic and diastolic ventricular functions [MPI: (IVRT + IVCT) /systolic ejection time] were calculated using both ventricular function M-mode, pulsed-wave and tissue Doppler ECHO methods. In addition, pulmonary arterial pressure (PAP) and tricuspid and mitral valves annular plan systolic excursion motions (TAPSE, MAPSE) were measured. Anamnesis and laboratory studies (fasting blood glucose [GHG] and glycosylated hemoglobin c [HbA1c]) measurements of all mothers were performed. Results: In the study group, 49 (45.4%) of infants were females and 59 were males (54.6%), the incidence of macrosomia was 4 (3.7%) in the study group and 2 (2.0%) in the control group. In comparison between the maternal groups, GDM mothers had significantly higher levels of fasting blood glucose (FBG) and HbA1c (p<0.0001). There was no significant difference in birth weight and somatomedin-C levels in neonates between two groups, but head circumference and height values were significantly higher in infants born to GDM mothers (p<0.05). In the echocardiographic examinations, small muscular ventricular septal defects were detected in 3 infants (2.77%) in study group, and 1 infant (1.0%) in control group. The M mode review revealed that diastolic end-interventricular septum thickness was significantly higher in IDMs group (p<0.001). In the evaluation of right ventricular function, MPI values were significantly higher in the infants of GDM group than control group (p<0.05). Also, IVCT, a diastolic function indicator, was significantly longer in the study group (p<0.05). There was a statistically insignificant decrease in TAPSE values in infants of GDM group (p>0.05). In evaluation of left ventricular function between groups, MPI and IVRT values were significantly higher in infants of GDM group (p<0.05), whereas MAPSE values were significantly decreased in the study group (p<0.05). Conclusion: Although infants of mothers with GDM were clinically normal in our study, we determined significant differences in diastolic parameters in addition to subclinical findings of ventricular septal thickness. We emphasize that cardiac involvement requires early diagnosis and neonatal approach even though complications in infants born to GDM mothers usually recover spontaneously. As expected, these infants are prone to various hyperglycemic adverse outcomes. Therefore, recognizing and treating hyperglycemia in time should be an important target for prevention of metabolic problems and deaths in severe cases.
Risk factors for adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in women with preeclampsia: analysis of 1396 cases; Preeclampsia is a major cause of adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes, but how to identify women and fetuses at increased risk for later adverse events is a challenge. This study aimed to investigate the risk factors for adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in women with preeclampsia. Data from 1396 women with preeclampsia were retrospectively collected and analyzed. Eighteen candidate risk factors and 12 adverse outcomes were investigated. The following factors were found to be significantly associated with at least one adverse outcome: maternal age 35 years or older, multiple birth, the usage of assisted reproductive technology, living in a rural area, history of pregnancy-induced hypertension, male fetus, multigravida, or having polycystic ovary syndrome, hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count syndrome, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, cardiovascular disease, gestational diabetes mellitus, systemic lupus erythematosus, thyroid disease, or liver disease. Compared with patients without any identified risk factors, patients with preeclampsia with three or more risk factors were at increased risk for severe adverse outcomes. Those findings demonstrated that maternal risk factors could be used as indicators supplementary to clinical symptoms and laboratory test results for the risk assessment in women with preeclampsia.
Role of advanced (magnetic resonance) neuroimaging and clinical outcomes in neonatal strokes: Experience from tertiary care center; Neonatal strokes constitute a major cause of pediatric mortality and morbidity. Neuroimaging helps in its diagnosis as well as prognostication. However, advanced imaging, including magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), carries multiple challenges. Limited data exists in the literature on imaging-based predictors of neurological outcomes in neonatal stroke in the Indian population. In this study, we reviewed our available data on neonatal stroke patients between 2015 and 2020 for clinico-radiological patterns. During this period, 17 neonatal strokes were admitted and the majority were term births with a slight male preponderance. Seizures and encephalopathy were the most common presentation. Multiple maternal risk factors such as gestational diabetes, meconium-stained liquor, APLA syndrome, fever, deranged coagulation profile, oligohydramnios, cord prolapse, and non-progressive labor were seen. Cardiac abnormalities were seen in only less than half of these patients with the most common finding being atrial septal defects (ASD). Transcranial ultrasound was performed in eight neonates and the pick-up rate of ultrasound was poor. MR imaging showed large infarcts in 11 patients. The MCA territory was most commonly involved. Interestingly, five neonates had venous thrombosis with three showing it in addition to arterial thrombosis. Associated ictal, as well as Wallerian changes, were noted in 10. Although large territorial infarcts were the most common pattern, non-contrast MR angiography did not show major vessel occlusion in these cases. Outcomes were fairly good and only three patients had a residual motor deficit at 1 year. No recurrence of stroke was seen in any of the neonates.
Preventing Adverse Cardiovascular Outcomes in Pregnancy Complicated by Obesity; Purpose of ReviewObesity is a chronic disease that is becoming increasingly prevalent, and more individuals of reproductive age have obesity prior to becoming pregnant. Obesity in pregnancy is associated with short- and long-term adverse consequences for both the birthing person and their offspring which have been associated with increased long-term cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. The goal of this review is to discuss what is currently understood about the relationship between maternal obesity and adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), the association between APOs and future cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, and what evidence-based interventions can be implemented to prevent adverse outcomes in this population.Recent FindingsMaternal obesity has been associated with an increased risk of APOs such as gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and preterm birth as well as an increased risk of future CVD, such as metabolic syndrome, chronic hypertension, coronary heart disease, and stroke. The impact of maternal obesity also extends beyond the pregnant individual to the offspring, increasing the risk of fetal, neonatal, and infant mortality, as well as of congenital malformations, prematurity, and long-term health problems such as insulin resistance and childhood obesity. Prevention guidelines are incorporating the increased risk of adverse outcomes from maternal obesity into formalized risk assessments to guide both prenatal and postpartum care. It is becoming evident that a multidisciplinary cardio-obstetrics team is an important part of providing comprehensive care for pregnant individuals with obesity and other cardiovascular risk factors, including preexisting CVD and a history of prior APOs. There remains a need for further studies to better understand the mechanisms underlying the relationship between maternal obesity and APOs, as well as the racial and ethnic disparities that have been noted in the prevalence of APOs and associated CVD risk and mortality.SummaryThere is increasing awareness that obesity in pregnancy is associated with various short- and long-term adverse maternal and offspring outcomes. There are multiple screening and prevention strategies that may be implemented before, during, and after pregnancy to prevent these adverse outcomes.
The cardiovascular, metabolic, fetal and neonatal effects of CPAP use in pregnant women: a systematic review; Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is the standard treatment for obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), but its outcomes for the pregnant are still undefined. This study aims to review current CPAP intervention during pregnancy, discuss published trials, and propose relevant issues that have yet to be addressed satisfactorily about the cardiovascular, metabolic, fetal, and neonatal effects of CPAP treatment during gestation. Two authors independently conducted a systematic review until March 28th, 2021 on PubMed, BVS, and Cochrane Library, using PRISMA guidelines, and risk of bias. Discrepancies were reconciled by a third reviewer. Of 59 identified citations, eight original trials have submitted a total of 90 pregnant women to polysomnography and CPAP therapy. Four studies performed in samples with hypertension or preeclampsia presented blood pressure decrease or maintained the antihypertensive drug dose in the CPAP group. After CPAP utilization, one trial registered cardiac output and stroke volume increase with heart rate and peripheral vascular resistance decrease, which were correlated with birth weight increment. Others documented a higher Apgar in the CPAP group and more fetal movements during CPAP use. There was a reduction in serum uric acid and tumor necrosis factor-alpha in the CPAP groups whose blood pressure decreased. However, two weeks of CPAP use in women with gestational diabetes and OSA did not improve glucose levels but raised the insulin secretion in those adherents to CPAP. Despite these positive results without adverse effects, randomized controlled trials with standardized follow-up in larger populations are required to determine CPAP therapy recommendations in pregnancy.
Placental pathology associated with maternal age and maternal obesity in singleton pregnancy; Objective Maternal age, maternal obesity and neonatal sex dimorphism are known to affect pregnancy and neonatal outcome. However, the effects of these factors on specific placental pathology are less well-documented. Study design Clinical information, placental pathology and neonatal data from singleton delivery were collected at our hospital in March 2020 to October 2021 and correlation studies were performed. Results A total 3,119 singleton placentas were examined between March 2020 and October 2021 in conjunction with clinical information and neonatal birth data. Advanced maternal age (>35) was significantly associated with a variety of pregnancy complications and placental pathology including preeclampsia/pregnancy induced hypertension (Pre/PIH), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM2), intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), and increased maternal body mass index (BMI) at delivery. Maternal obesity (BMI >30 at the time of delivery) was significantly associated with a variety of clinical features and placental pathology including PRE/PIH, GDM2 and decidual vasculopathy (mural arterial hypertrophy). No specific placental pathology was associated with neonatal sex except for more maternal inflammatory response (MIR, chronic deciduitis) in neonates of male sex. Conclusion Maternal age and maternal obesity were associated with not only clinical complications of pregnancy and neonatal birth weight but also specific placental pathology. Understanding the effects of maternal and environmental factors will help improve pregnancy outcome.
Assessing Cardiovascular Risk in Women A Growing Body of Evidence; It is underappreciated that cardiovascular (CV) disease is the number one cause of death in women. In fact, women are more likely to die after a myocardial infarction than men (1). Conventional risk factors such as tobacco use, diabetes, high triglycerides, and low high-density lipoprotein portend a greater risk in women than in men (2-4). Women are also more likely to suffer from nontraditional CV risk factors, such as systemic autoimmune disorders, and women have unique risk factors such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and pregnancy-induced hypertension, which are unmasked during pregnancy.
Prevalence and coprevalence of chronic comorbid conditions in patients with type 2 diabetes in Catalonia: a population-based cross-sectional study; Objectives To evaluate the prevalence and coprevalence of several chronic conditions in patients with type 2 diabetes in a Mediterranean region. Design A cross-sectional study. Setting Two hundred and eighty-six primary care teams of the Catalonian Health Institute (Catalonia, Spain). Participants We included patients aged >= 18 years with a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes by 31 December, 2016, who were registered in the Information System for the Development of Research in primary care (SIDIAP) database. We excluded patients with a diagnosis of type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus and any other type of diabetes. Primary and secondary outcome measures We collected data on diabetes-related comorbidities (ie, chronic complications, associated cardiovascular risk factors and treatment complications). Diagnoses were based on the International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision codes recorded in the database or, for some entities, on the cut-off points for a particular test result or a specific treatment indicated for that entity. The presence and stage of chronic kidney disease (CKD) were based on the glomerular filtration rate, the CKD Epidemiology Collaboration creatinine equation and the urine albuminto-creatinine ratio. Results A total of 373 185 patients were analysed. 82% of patients exhibited >= 2 comorbidities and 31% exhibited >= 4 comorbidities. The most frequent comorbidities were hypertension (72%), hyperlipidaemia (60%), obesity (45%), CKD (33%), chronic renal failure (CRF) (28%) and cardiovascular disease (23%). The most frequently coprevalent pairs of chronic conditions were the combination of hypertension with hyperlipidaemia (45%), obesity (35%), CKD (28%), CRF (25%) or cardiovascular disease (19%), as well as the combination of hyperlipidaemia with obesity (28%), CKD (21%), CRF (18%) or cardiovascular disease (15%); other common pairs of comorbidities were obesity/CKD, obesity/CRF, hypertension/retinopathy, hypertension/albuminuria, hypertension/urinary tract infection, CVD/CRF and CVD/CKD, which were each present in more than 10% of patients. Conclusion Patients with type 2 diabetes have a high frequency of coprevalence of metabolic risk factors, cardiovascular disease and CKD and thus require an integrated management approach.
Maternal diet quality and associations with plasma lipid profiles and pregnancy-related cardiometabolic health; Purpose To assess the relationship of early pregnancy maternal diet quality (DQ) with maternal plasma lipids and indicators of cardiometabolic health, including blood pressure (BP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational weight gain (GWG). Methods Women (n = 215) aged 18-40 years with singleton pregnancies were recruited at 10-20 weeks gestation. Diet quality was assessed by the Dietary Guideline Index, calculated at early ([mean +/- SD]) (15 +/- 3 weeks) and late (35 +/- 2 weeks) pregnancy. Lipidomic analysis was performed, and 698 species across 37 lipid classes were measured from plasma blood samples collected at early (15 +/- 3 weeks) and mid (27 +/- 3 weeks)-pregnancy. Clinical measures (BP, GDM diagnosis, weight) and blood samples were collected across pregnancy. Multiple linear and logistic regression models assessed associations of early pregnancy DQ with plasma lipids at early and mid-pregnancy, BP at three antenatal visits, GDM diagnosis and total GWG. Results Maternal DQ scores ([mean +/- SD]) decreased significantly from early (70.7 +/- 11.4) to late pregnancy (66.5 +/- 12.6) (p < 0.0005). At a false discovery rate of 0.2, early pregnancy DQ was significantly associated with 13 plasma lipids at mid-pregnancy, including negative associations with six triglycerides (TGs); TG(54:0)[NL-18:0] (neutral loss), TG(50:1)[NL-14:0], TG(48:0)[NL-18:0], TG(52:1)[NL-18:0], TG(54:1)[NL-18:1], TG(50:0)[NL-18:0]. No statistically significant associations were found between early pregnancy DQ and BP, GDM or GWG. Conclusion Maternal diet did not adhere to Australian Dietary Guidelines. Diet quality was inversely associated with multiple plasma TGs. This study provides novel insights into the relationship between DQ, lipid biomarkers and cardiometabolic health during pregnancy.
Association between the Maternal Mediterranean Diet and Perinatal Outcomes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; The Mediterranean diet is a global, well-known healthy dietary pattern. This review aims to synthesize the existing evidence on the relationship between the maternal Mediterranean diet during pregnancy and perinatal outcomes, including randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and cohort studies. PubMed, Web of Science, and the Cochrane Library were searched from inception to 10 March, 2023, supplemented by manual screening. A random-effect model was used to estimate pooled sizes with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for specific outcomes of interest. Data from 5 RCTs and 18 cohort studies with 107,355 pregnant participants were synthesized. In RCTs, it was observed that the maternal Mediterranean diet significantly reduced the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus [odds ratio (OR), 0.56; 95% CI: 0.34, 0.93], as well as small for gestational age (0.55; 95% CI: 0.35, 0.88). In cohort studies, the highest adherence score to the maternal Mediterranean diet was inversely associated with a lower risk of various adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus (OR, 0.82; 95% CI: 0.67, 1.00), pregnancy-induced hypertension (0.73; 95% CI: 0.60, 0.89), pre-eclampsia (0.77; 95% CI: 0.64, 0.93), preterm delivery (0.67; 95% CI: 0.49, 0.91), low birth weight (0.70; 95% CI: 0.64, 0.78), intrauterine growth restriction (0.46; 95% CI: 0.23, 0.91), and increased gestational age at delivery (weighted mean difference, 0.11 wk; 95% CI: 0.03, 0.20). Meta-regression analyses did not identify the adjustment for confounders and geographical location as predictive factors for heterogeneity. The results suggest that adherence to the Mediterranean diet during pregnancy appears to be beneficial for perinatal outcomes. Future, larger, and higher-quality RCTs and cohort studies are warranted to confirm the present findings.
Prospective longitudinal assessment of the fetal left modified Myocardial Performance Index; Introduction: The fetal left modified Myocardial Performance Index (Mod-myocardial performance index (MPI)) is a measure of systolic versus diastolic time intervals obtained from a single cardiac cycle with ultrasound. It is a measure of global ventricular function and has been investigated for potential utility in fetal conditions associated with cardiac dysfunction. Objectives: The objective of this study is to compare values from a precisely replicated fetal left Mod-MPI technique to published reference ranges. Methods: Three hundred and sixty-five nulliparae prospectively underwent fetal left Mod-MPI measurement at 27(+0)-29(+0) and 35(+0)-37(+0) weeks' gestation. Measurements from pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, or a small-for-gestational-age (<10th centile) infant were excluded. Mod-MPI values were compared with three published references created using similar measurement techniques. Results: Compared with one selected reference, at 29(+0) and 35(+0)-37(+0) weeks' gestation, 90-100% of our values fell within the 5th-95th percentile range as expected. Thus, this reference range was validated for our population in late pregnancy. However, the expected level of concordance was not seen at 27(+0)-28(+6) weeks'. The other two references to which we compared our Mod-MPI values demonstrated poor concordance, especially at 27(+0)-29(+0) weeks'. Pearson interobserver correlation was also improved at 35(+0)-37(+0) weeks' at 0.434, compared with 0.083 at 27(+0)-29(+0) weeks' gestation. Conclusions: Concordance and interobserver variability between our cohort and similar populations were both improved at 35(+0)-37(+0) weeks' compared with 27(+0)-29(+0) weeks' gestation. Overall, variable Mod-MPI reproducibility across gestations limits clinical application, especially earlier in pregnancy. Manual Mod-MPI measurement should be considered most reliable in late pregnancy until automated MPI measurement is possible.
Ductus venosus blood flow velocity waveform in diabetic pregnancies; Objective Maternal diabetes during pregnancy is associated with congenital cardiac malformations and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Blood flow in the ductus venosus (DV) has been postulated to reflect cardiac function. The aim of our study was to investigate if diabetic pregnancies exhibit abnormal DV hemodynamics, hence indicating changes in fetal cardiac function. Methods The pulsatility index of the DV (DV-PI) was analyzed retrospectively in 142 diabetic patients and compared to previously published DV-PI reference values from a non-diabetic low-risk population. DV values were then correlated with maternal glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c). Results DV-PI was significantly higher in pregnancies complicated by either pre-existing insulin-dependent (DM) or gestational diabetes when compared with normal reference values. Increased DV-PI values were still evident in both diabetic groups when neonates that were small-for-gestational age and neonates with pathological umbilical blood flow pattern were excluded from the analysis. In DM pregnancies a statistically significant correlation was found between DV-PI and maternal HbA1c. Conclusion Diabetic pregnancies exhibit increased DV-PI values when compared to a normal low-risk pregnant population, possibly indicating a fetal cardiac effect. Copyright (C) 2010 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with Behcet's disease: population-based registry linkage study in Taiwan; Objectives To estimate the risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with Behcet's disease (BD) Methods Data collected by the Taiwan National Health Insurance Administration between 2001 and 2012 was used for our study. A total of 2,350,339 pregnancies from the Taiwan National Health Insurance database and birth registry were identified. Maternal history of BD in women was ascertained. A comparison was made to determine whether BD increased the risk of health issues associated with pregnancy and fetal outcomes. Using an adjusted generalized estimating equation model, we estimated the odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for fetal-neonatal and maternal outcomes. Results There were 99 pregnancies in women with BD and 2,350,240 pregnancies in women without BD. The OR and 95% CI of puerperal cerebrovascular disorders were 12.08 (1.7-85.9), and those of gestational diabetes were 1.89 (1.1-3.25). Both were higher than the values in general pregnant women after adjusting for age, infant sex, urban residence, income, occupation, birth year, and Charlson Comorbidity Index. However, there were no adverse fetal outcomes in pregnant women with BD. Conclusions Patients with BD have no significant risks of multiple complications except for puerperal cerebrovascular disease and gestational diabetes during pregnancy. Close monitoring of blood sugar is suggested. Furthermore, neonatal outcomes were not influenced by BD.
A Review of National Level Guidelines for Risk Management of Cardiovascular and Diabetic Disease; Cardiovascular diseases and diabetes are among the leading preventable causes of morbidity and mortality. Cardiovascular disease risk reduction aimed to address the significant modifiable risk factors, including lifestyle-related risk factors, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes. Given the severity and disease burden, many insurances, including Medicare, cover the annual counseling for risk reduction of cardiovascular disease. Although numerous national-level guidelines are available for managing these conditions, most of them focus on disease management. Given the broad areas covered in these recommendations, a concise review summarizing the measures addressing the preventive approach in these conditions is not readily available. Herewith, we review and outline the currently available guidelines from national-level publications with principal attention to the primary prevention measures to provide a broad overview and assist providers with the risk reduction counseling.
The role of neutrophils and neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs) in stages, outcomes and pregnancy complications; Neutrophils are the main components of innate immunity to eliminate infectious pathogens. Neutrophils play a role in several stages of the reproductive cycle, and their presence in the female reproductive system is highly regulated, so their function may change during pregnancy. Emerging evidence suggests that neutrophils are important at all stages of pregnancy, from implantation, placentation, and connective tissue regeneration to birth, as well as birth itself. Neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs) are defined as extracellular strands of unfolded DNA together with histone complexes and neutrophil granule proteins. NET formation is a new mechanism of these cells for their defense function. These strands containing DNA and antimicrobial peptides were initially recognized as one of the defense mechanisms of neutrophils, but later it was explained that they are involved in a variety of non-infectious diseases. Since the source of inflammation and tissue damage is the irregular activity of neutrophils, it is not surprising that NETosis are associated with a number of inflammatory conditions and diseases. The overexpression of NET components or non-principled NET clearance is associated with the risk of production and activation of autoantibodies, which results in participation in autoinflammatory and autoimmune disorders (SLE, RA), fibrosis, sepsis and other disorders such as vascular diseases, for example, thrombosis and atherosclerosis. Recent published articles have shown the role of neutrophils and extracellular traps (NETs) in pregnancy, childbirth and pregnancy-related diseases. The aim of this study was to identify and investigate the role of neutrophils and neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs) in the stages of pregnancy, as well as the complications caused by these cells.
Association of temporal distribution of fine particulate matter with glucose homeostasis during pregnancy in women of Chiayi City, Taiwan; Background: To investigate the effects of fine particulate matter (PM2.5) on the indicators of glucose homeostasis during pregnancy. Methods: A total of 3589 non-diabetic pregnant women who underwent a 3h 100-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were enrolled from a tertiary teaching hospital in Chiayi City, Taiwan between 2006 and 2014. Fasting, 1-h, 2-h, and 3-h glucose levels after an OGTT were used as indicators of glucose homeostasis. PM2.5 and other air pollution data were obtained from one fixed-site monitoring station (Chiayi City station) operated by Taiwan Environmental Protection Administration (EPA). We used mixed models for indicators of glucose homeostasis to estimate the effects of PM2.5. The models were adjusted for individual-specific effects (nulliparous status, age, body mass index, season, and year) and the moving averages of temperature and relative humidity in the corresponding study period. Results: There were significant relationships between PM2.5 and the glucose homeostasis indicators, including fasting, 1-h, 2-h, and 3-h glucose levels in the single-pollutant covariate-adjusted model. The pre-screening 1 month to 1-year moving averages of IQR increases in PM2.5 were significantly associated with elevated fasting OGTT glucose levels (1.32-5.87 mg/dL). The two-pollutant covariate-adjusted models had similar results. Conclusions: We found positive associations between PM2.5 and OGTT glucose levels during pregnancy. The association was especially pronounced for the fasting and 1-h glucose levels. PM2.5 exposure in the second trimester may enhance this effect. Exposure to PM2.5 was associated with glucose homeostasis during pregnancy.
Abnormal umbilical cord coiling and association with pregnancy factors; The umbilical cord, as a connecting bridge between two lives, plays an important role in fetal development. Though studies on the umbilical cord date back many years, extensive studies on certain umbilical cord characteristics, such as umbilical cord coiling, are rare. Cord coiling, measured by the umbilical coiling index, is a physiological phenomenon that offers resistance to external pressures. Umbilical cord coiling is a result of several factors, both environmental and genetic. However, umbilical cords sometimes coil abnormally, resulting in hypocoiling, hypercoiling, or non -coiling which have significant associations with adverse perinatal outcomes. An all -language literature search was conducted on Medline from 1970 to 2023. The following search terms were used; umbilical cord; umbilical coiling; coiling index; abnormal coiling; perinatal outcomes, and cross-referencing yielded further information. We comprehensively reviewed the literature on umbilical cord coiling, factors contributing to coiling, abnormal coiling of the umbilical cord, and the association with several factors including maternal age, gravida, gestational diabetes mellitus, pre-eclampsia, abruption, birth weight, intrauterine growth retardation, maternal iron status, small for gestational age, fetal heart rate variations, ponderal index, and sought possible explanations. (J Turk Ger Gynecol Assoc 2024; 25: 44-52)
From Sea to Shining Sea and the Great Plains to Patagonia: A Review on Current Knowledge of Diabetes Mellitus in Hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America; The past two decades have witnessed many advances in the prevention, treatment, and control of diabetes mellitus (DM) and its complications. Increased screening has led to a greater recognition of type 2 diabetes mellitus (type 2 DM) and prediabetes; however, Hispanics/Latinos, the largest minority group in the US, have not fully benefited from these advances. The Hispanic/Latino population is highly diverse in ancestries, birth places, cultures, languages, and socioeconomic backgrounds, and it populates most of the Western Hemisphere. In the US, the prevalence of DM varies among Hispanic/Latino heritage groups, being higher among Mexicans, Puerto Ricans, and Dominicans, and lower among South Americans. The risk and prevalence of diabetes among Hispanics/Latinos are significantly higher than in non-Hispanic Whites, and nearly 40% of Hispanics/Latinos with diabetes have not been formally diagnosed. Despite these striking facts, the representation of Hispanics/Latinos in pharmacological and non-pharmacological clinical trials has been suboptimal, while the prevalence of diabetes in these populations continues to rise. This review will focus on the epidemiology, etiology and prevention of type 2 DM in populations of Latin American origin. We will set the stage by defining the terms Hispanic, Latino, and Latin American, explaining the challenges identifying Hispanics/Latinos in the scientific literature and databases, describing the epidemiology of diabetes-including type 2 DM and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-and cardiovascular risk factors in Hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America, and discussing trends, and commonalities and differences across studies and populations, including methodology to ascertain diabetes. We will discuss studies on mechanisms of disease, and research on prevention of type 2 DM in Hispanics/Latinos, including women with GDM, youth and adults; and finalize with a discussion on lessons learned and opportunities to enhance research, and, consequently, clinical care oriented toward preventing type 2 DM in Hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America.
Postpartum Readmissions Among Women With Diabetes; OBJECTIVE: To estimate whether women with diabetes are at risk for 60-day postpartum readmissions and associated complications. METHODS: The Nationwide Readmissions Database from 2010 to 2014 was analyzed to determine risk for 60-day postpartum readmissions among women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM), type 2 DM, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and unspecified DM compared with women with no diabetes. Secondary outcomes included evaluating risk for overall severe maternal morbidity during readmissions, as well as wound complications, acute diabetic complications such as diabetic ketoacidosis, venous thromboembolism, and hypertensive diseases of pregnancy. Billing data were used to ascertain both exposures and outcomes. Adjusted log-linear regression models including demographic, hospital, medical and obstetric, and hospital factors were performed with adjusted risk ratios (aRRs) and with 95% Cis as measures of association. RESULTS: Of an estimated 15.7 million delivery hospitalizations, 1.1 million occurred among women with diabetes, of whom 3.2% had type 1 DM, 9.1% type 2 DM, 86.6% GDM, and 1.1% unspecified diabetes. Compared with women without diabetes (1.5% risk for readmission), risk for readmission was significantly higher for women with type 1 DM (4.4%), unspecified diabetes (4.0%), type 2 DM (3.9%), and GDM (2.0%) (P<.01). After adjusting for hospital, demographic, medical, and obstetric risk factors, type 1 DM (aRR 1.77, 95% CI 1.69-1.87), type 2 DM (aRR 1.46, 95% CI 1.42-1.51), unspecified (aRR 1.73, 95% CI 1.59-1.89) and gestational diabetes (aRR 1.16, 95% CI 1.14-1.17) retained increased risk. Among women with diabetes public insurance, lower ZIP code income quartiles, and hospitals with high safety net burdens were associated with higher risk for readmission. In both unadjusted and adjusted analyses, all diabetes diagnoses were associated with readmissions for wound complications, hypertensive diseases of pregnancy, and severe maternal morbidity. CONCLUSION: Although overall risk for readmission is low, pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes in particular are at increased risk. Women in this high-risk group should receive coordinated care and be monitored closely in the postpartum period.
Epidemiology of diabetes and diabetic complications in China; The People's Republic of China (herein referred to as China) has witnessed one of the most dramatic rises in diabetes prevalence anywhere in the world. The latest epidemiological study suggests that approximately 11% of the population has diabetes, with a significant proportion remaining undiagnosed. Risk factors for diabetes in the Chinese population are similar to those in other populations, though gestational diabetes and young-onset diabetes is becoming increasingly common. Data on the prevalence of diabetic complications remain limited, though cardio-renal complications account for significant morbidity and mortality. Other diabetes-related comorbidities are becoming increasingly common, with cancer emerging as a major cause of mortality among individuals with diabetes. There are many challenges and obstacles that impede effective diabetes prevention and the delivery of care, though much progress has occurred over recent years. Lessons learnt from how China has responded to the challenges posed by the diabetes epidemic will be invaluable for other countries facing the many threats of diabetes and its complications.
Postpartum Care: An Approach to the Fourth Trimester; The postpartum period, defined as the 12 weeks after delivery, is an important time for a new mother and her family and can be considered a fourth trimester. Outpatient postpartum care should be initiated within three weeks after delivery in person or by phone, and may require multiple contacts with the patient to fully address needs and concerns. A full assessment is recommended within 12 weeks. Care should initially focus on acute needs and risks for morbidity and mortality and then transition to care for chronic conditions and health maintenance. Complications of pregnancy, such as hypertensive disorders and gestational diabetes mellitus, affect a woman's long-term health and require specific attention. Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes should receive a 75-g two-hour fasting oral glucose tolerance test between four and 12 weeks postpartum. Patients with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy should have a blood pressure check performed within seven days of delivery. All women should have a biopsychosocial assessment (e.g., depression, intimate partner violence) screening in the postpartum period, and preventive counseling should be offered to women at high risk. Additional patient concerns may include urinary incontinence, constipation, breastfeeding, sexuality, and contraception. Treating these issues during the postpartum period is important to the new mother's immediate and long-term health. (Copyright (C) 2019 American Academy of Family Physicians.)
The Use of Risk-Enhancing Factors to Personalize ASCVD Risk Assessment: Evidence and Recommendations from the 2018 AHA/ACC Multi-Society Cholesterol Guidelines; Purpose of Review In 2018, the AHA/ACC Multi-Society Cholesterol Guidelines introduced the novel concept of risk-enhancing factors to be used as a supplement to the pooled cohort risk equations to personalize atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk assessment in primary prevention. In this review, we discuss the rationale and evidence behind each of the risk-enhancing factors to help clinicians perform a more personalized cardiovascular risk assessment. Recent Findings The risk-enhancing factors are high-risk features that may guide the use of lipid-lowering therapy particularly in intermediate and select borderline-risk patients. For the purpose of this review, these factors are divided into five categories: (i) race and genetics, (ii) conditions specific to women, (iii) lipid-related risk, (iv) concurrent high-risk medical conditions, and (v) biomarkers. Summary The addition of the risk-enhancing factors to the pooled cohort equations provides a more individualized and comprehensive approach to cardiovascular disease risk assessment.
Management of diabetes mellitus complicating pregnancy; Diabetes mellitus complicates 3-5% of all pregnancies and is a major cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality, as well as maternal morbidity. The availability of a variety of new insulins, the insulin pump, and self-monitoring of blood glucose have revolutionized the care of the pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus. However, challenges remain in caring for the pregnant patient with pregestational diabetes. Relatively few women receive pre-conceptional counseling, and major fetal malformations as a result of poor glucose control before and during the early weeks of gestation have emerged as the major cause of perinatal mortality. When the patient has diabetic vasculopathy, the obstetrician, maternal-fetal specialist, and/or endocrinologist and other members of the health care team must perform a challenging balancing act that promotes fetal health while minimizing maternal risk. As obesity increases in this country and our population becomes more diversified, the rate of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) will rise. Although there is controversy regarding which diagnostic standards to use for GDM, there is agreement that excellent blood glucose control, with diet and, when necessary, insulin will result in improved perinatal outcome. Finally, the goal of our educational programs should be not only to improve pregnancy outcome but also to promote healthy lifestyle changes for the mother that will last long after delivery. (C) 2003 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Glucose control during pregnancy in patients with type 1 diabetes correlates with fetal hemodynamics: a prospective longitudinal study; Background Maternal diabetes adversely affects fetal cardiovascular system development. Previous studies have reported that the fetuses of mothers with diabetes exhibit both structural and functional changes; nevertheless, prior studies have not examined the association between glucose control and fetal cardiac morphology and performance. Thus, the objective was to determine the association between fetal cardiac morphology and function and maternal glucose control in type 1 diabetes and to compare the differences in measured cardiac parameters between the fetuses of mothers with diabetes and healthy controls.Methods In this prospective, longitudinal case-control study - including 62 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes mellitus and 30 healthy pregnant women - fetal cardiac assessment using B-mode, M-mode, and spectral pulsed-wave Doppler was performed in the second and third trimesters. In women with T1DM, glycated hemoglobin and data obtained from glucose sensors - including the percentage of time in, below, and above the range (TIR, TBR, and TAR, respectively), and coefficient of variation (CV) - were analyzed across three time periods: the last menstrual period to 13 (V1), 14-22 (V2), and 23-32 weeks (V3) of gestation. Fetal cardiac indices were compared between groups, and the correlation between glucose control and fetal cardiac indices was assessed.Results At 28-32 weeks, the fetuses of women with T1DM exhibited increased left ventricular end-diastolic length, relative interventricular septum thickness, right ventricular cardiac output, and pulmonary valve peak systolic velocity compared with healthy controls. At 18-22 weeks, pulmonary and aortic valve diameters, left and right ventricular stroke volumes, and left cardiac output inversely correlated with the CV and glycated hemoglobin levels at V1 and V2. Furthermore, at 28-32 weeks, pulmonary and aortic valve diameters, left ventricular stroke volume, cardiac output, and right/left atrioventricular valve ratio inversely correlated with the TBR at V1, V2, and V3. Moreover, diastolic functional parameters correlated with the TAR and glycated hemoglobin levels, particularly after the first trimester.Conclusion In women with T1DM, maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy correlates with fetal diastolic function, whereas glucose variability and hypoglycemia inversely correlate with fetal left ventricular systolic function in the second and third trimesters. This prospective longitudinal study demonstrates that in women with T1DM, maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy correlates with fetal diastolic function. In contrast, glucose variability and hypoglycemia inversely correlate with fetal left ventricular systolic function in the second and third trimesters.
Gamma-Glutamyltransferase: A Predictive Biomarker of Cellular Antioxidant Inadequacy and Disease Risk; Gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) is a well-established serum marker for alcohol-related liver disease. However, GGT's predictive utility applies well beyond liver disease: elevated GGT is linked to increased risk to a multitude of diseases and conditions, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and all-cause mortality. The literature from multiple population groups worldwide consistently shows strong predictive power for GGT, even across different gender and ethnic categories. Here, we examine the relationship of GGT to other serum markers such as serum ferritin (SF) levels, and we suggest a link to exposure to environmental and endogenous toxins, resulting in oxidative and nitrosative stress. We observe a general upward trend in population levels of GGT over time, particularly in the US and Korea. Since the late 1970s, both GGT and incident MetS and its related disorders have risen in virtual lockstep. GGT is an early predictive marker for atherosclerosis, heart failure, arterial stiffness and plaque, gestational diabetes, and various liver diseases, including viral hepatitis, other infectious diseases, and several life-threatening cancers. We review literature both from the medical sciences and from life insurance industries demonstrating that serum GGT is a superior marker for future disease risk, when compared against multiple other known mortality risk factors.
Increased cesarean section rate and premature birth according to modified WHO maternal cardiovascular risk in pregnant women with congenital heart disease; BackgroundDuring pregnancy and delivery, hemodynamics are altered and complex congenital heart disease has been associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. We sought to investigate pregnancy outcome and complications in relation to complexity of heart condition. Materials and methodsWe studied women with ACHD discussed at multidisciplinary conferences at Lund University Hospital March 2009-May 2021. We studied 149 pregnancies in 101 women. We scored each woman retrospectively according to the modified World Health Organization (mWHO) risk classification and included patients in risk class I (n = 36, 24.1%), II (n = 43, 28.9%), II-III (n = 43, 28.9%), III (n = 24, 16.1%) and IV (n = 3, 2.0%). ResultsWomen with mWHO class >= III underwent cesarean section more often than women in less complex mWHO classes, (OR, 5.1; 95% CI, 2.0-12.5; p<0.001). The odds of premature delivery were significantly higher among pregnant women with mWHO class >= III (OR, 6.7; 95% CI, 2.6-17.4; p<0.001). We found no difference in incidence of preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, hemorrhage >1000 ml or cardiac defect in the neonate depending on WHO-class. Women in mWHO classes III-IV had a higher rate of fetal growth restriction (FGR) compared to women in mWHO classes I, II, II-III (p<0.007). ConclusionsOur findings indicate that women with more complex heart disease (mWHO classes III or IV) tend to have a higher rate of cesarean section, premature birth and FGR.
Influence of Breastfeeding During the Postpartum Oral Glucose Tolerance Test on Plasma Glucose and Insulin; OBJECTIVE: To examine the effect of breastfeeding during the postpartum oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) on maternal blood glucose and insulin among women with recent gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Participants were enrolled in the Study of Women, Infant Feeding, and Type 2 Diabetes, a prospective observational cohort study of 1,035 Kaiser Permanente Northern California members who had been diagnosed with GDM and subsequently underwent a 2-hour 75-g OGTT at 6-9 weeks postpartum for the study enrollment examinations from 2008 to 2011. For this analysis, we selected 835 study participants who reported any intensity of lactation and were observed either breastfeeding their infants (ie, putting the infant to the breast) or not breastfeeding during the OGTT. RESULTS: Of 835 lactating women, 205 (25%) breastfed their infants during the 2-hour 75-g OGTT at 6-9 weeks postpartum. Mean (standard deviation) duration of breastfeeding during the OGTT was 15.3 (8.1) minutes. Compared with not having breastfed during the OGTT, having breastfed during the test was associated with lower adjusted mean (95% confidence interval) 2-hour glucose (mg/dL) by -6.2 (-11.5 to -1.0; P=.02), 2-hour insulin (microunits/mL) by -15.1 (-26.8 to -3.5; P=.01), and natural log 2-hour insulin by -0.15 (-0.25 to -0.06; P<.01), and with higher insulin sensitivity index(0,120) by 0.08 (0.02-0.15; P=.02), but no differences in plasma fasting glucose or insulin concentrations. CONCLUSION: Among postpartum women with recent gestational diabetes mellitus, breastfeeding an infant during the 2-hour 75-g OGTT may modestly lower plasma 2-hour glucose (5% lower on average) as well as insulin concentrations in response to ingestion of glucose. (Obstet Gynecol 2012; 120: 136-43) DOI:10.1097/AOG.0b013e31825b993d LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II
Drug insight: insulin-sensitizing drugs in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome - a reappraisal; The recognition that insulin resistance has a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) revolutionized our understanding of this complex disorder. PCOS causes major metabolic and reproductive morbidities, including substantially increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and the metabolic syndrome. Insulin-sensitizing drugs (ISDs) ameliorate reproductive abnormalities, restore ovulation and regular menses, increase pregnancy rates and reduce androgenic symptoms in affected women with PCOS. Accordingly, ISDs, specifically metformin, have been widely adopted as therapy for this condition. A recent, large, randomized, multicenter, clinical trial that assessed live-birth rates rather than surrogate end points suggested that metformin alone is inferior to clomiphene citrate in treating infertility associated with PCOS. There is, furthermore, no evidence to support the use of metformin during pregnancy to prevent spontaneous abortions or gestational diabetes mellitus in women with PCOS. Renewed safety concerns about thiazolidinediones followed recent studies that reported increased cardiovascular morbidity with these agents. These concerns might preclude thiazolidinedione use in otherwise healthy women with PCOS. Finally, although ISDs improve insulin action and cardiovascular disease risk, there is no evidence that they provide long-term health benefits in PCOS. This article discusses the role of ISI)s in PCOS in light of these new data.
Hypertension Complicating Diabetic Pregnancies: Pathophysiology, Management, and Controversies; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), including pre-existing hypertension, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia, further complicate already high-risk pregnancies in women with diabetes mellitus (DM). Women with both pre-existing and gestational diabetes are at increased risk for HDP, leading to higher maternal and fetal morbidity. Further, particularly in diabetic women and women with a history of gestational diabetes, HDP significantly increases the risk for future cardiovascular events. For clinicians, women with hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy pose a management challenge. Specifically, preconception management should stress strict control of glycemia, blood pressure, and prevention of diabetic complications, specifically nephropathy, which specifically increases the risk for preeclampsia. During gestation, clinicians must be aware of potential maternal and fetal complications associated with various anti-hypertensive therapies, including known fetotoxicity of ACE inhibitors and ARBs when given in the 2nd or 3rd trimester, and the risks and benefits of expectant management versus delivery in cases of severe gestational hypertension or preeclampsia. Indeed, diabetic women must be followed closely prior to conception and throughout gestation to minimize the risk of HDP and its associated complications. J Clin Hypertens (Greenwich). 2011;13:275-284. (C) 2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Cholesterol in pregnancy: a review of knowns and unknowns; Cholesterol forms part of every cell in the human body, and also helps make and metabolize hormones, bile acids and vitamin D. Human plasma cholesterol levels are determined by production in the liver and by dietary intake. Lipoproteins carry cholesterol around the body, and facilitate it crossing the placenta. Cholesterol is carefully monitored in the non-pregnant adult population, where its association with atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease is well understood. Although it is known that cholesterol rises in pregnancy, at present it is not routinely measured or treated. The effects of maternal high cholesterol on pregnancy and on fetal development are not yet fully understood. However, a growing body of evidence from animal and human studies suggests adverse consequences of high cholesterol levels in pregnancy.
Usefulness of second trimester left ventricular global longitudinal strain for predicting adverse maternal outcome in pregnant women aged 35 years or older; The present study was primarily designed to accurately determine biventricular and biatrial myocardial function, assessed by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography (2D-STE), in a prospective cohort of pregnant women aged >= 35 years, at the second trimester of pregnancy. Secondly, we aimed at investigating the main independent predictors of adverse maternal outcome (AMO) in the same study population. 80 consecutive pregnant women aged >= 35 years, 80 gestational week-matched (18.4 +/- 1.6 vs 18.5 +/- 1.8 weeks, p = 0.71) pregnant women aged < 35 years and 80 non-pregnant women aged >= 35 years without any comorbidity were included in this prospective study. All pregnant women underwent obstetric evaluation, modified Haller index (MHI) assessment and a conventional two-dimensional transthoracic echocardiography implemented with complete 2D-STE analysis of both ventricles and atria at the second trimester of pregnancy. AMO was defined as the occurrence of any of the following: gestational hypertension (GH) including preeclampsia; gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); preterm delivery (PD); emergency caesarean section (ECS); postpartum haemorrhage (PPH); premature rupture of membranes (PROM); maternal death. Compared to younger pregnant women, pregnant women aged >= 35 years were more likely to be found with: (1) body mass index (BMI) >= 30 kg/m(2) (37.5% of total); (2) significantly increased inflammatory markers; (3) significantly greater left ventricular mass index; (4) significantly impaired hemodynamics; (5) significantly reduced bi-atrial and bi-ventricular myocardial strain parameters, despite normal ejection fraction. A strong inverse correlation between second trimester BMI and left ventricular (LV)-global longitudinal strain (GLS) (r = - 0.84) and between second trimester MHI and LV-GLS (r = - 0.81) was demonstrated in pregnant women aged >= 35 years. GH, GDM, PD, ECS, PPH and PROM were detected in 15%, 12.5%, 10%, 8.7%, 8.7% and 7.5% of women, respectively. Age (OR 2.04, 95% CI 1.46-2.84), second trimester BMI (OR 2.40, 95% CI 1.64-3.51) and second trimester LV-GLS (OR 0.07, 95%C I 0.01-0.34) were independently associated with outcome. Age >= 37 years, BMI >= 30 kg/m(2) and LV-GLS less negative than - 18% were the best cut-off values for predicting AMO. A LV-GLS less negative than - 18% allows to identify, among older pregnant women, those with an increased risk of AMO. Both intrinsic myocardial dysfunction and extrinsic compressive mechanical phenomena might affect global myocardial deformation during gestation.
Early-life determinants of hypoxia-inducible factor 3A gene(HIF3A) methylation: a birth cohort study; BackgroundMethylation of the hypoxia-inducible factor 3 alpha gene (HIF3A) has been linked to pregnancy exposures, infant adiposity and later BMI. Genetic variation influences HIF3A methylation levels and may modify these relationships. However, data in very early life are limited, particularly in association with adverse pregnancy outcomes. We investigated the relationship between maternal and gestational factors, infant anthropometry, genetic variation and HIF3A DNA methylation in the Barwon Infant Study, a population-based birth cohort. Methylation of two previously studied regions of HIF3A were tested in the cord blood mononuclear cells of 938 infants.ResultsNo compelling evidencewas found of an association between birth weight, adiposity or maternal gestational diabetes with methylation at the most widely studied HIF3A region.Male sex (-4.3%, p<0.001) and pre-eclampsia (-5.4%, p=0.02) negatively associated with methylation at a second region of HIF3A; while positive associations were identified for gestational diabetes (4.8%, p=0.01) and gestational age (1.2% increase per week, p<0.001). HIF3A genetic variation also associated strongly with methylation at this region (p<0.001).ConclusionsPre- and perinatal factors impact HIF3A methylation, including pre-eclampsia. This provides evidence that specific pregnancy complications, previously linked to adverse outcomes for both mother and child, impact the infant epigenome in a molecular pathway critical to several vascular and metabolic conditions. Further work is required to understand the mechanisms and clinical relevance, particularly the differing effects of in utero exposure to gestational diabetes or pre-eclampsia.
Reduced mechanical function of the left atrial predicts adverse outcome in pregnant women with clustering of metabolic risk factors; Introduction The left atrial (LA) strain and strain rate are sensitive indicators of LA function. However, they are not widely used for the evaluation of pregnant women with metabolic diseases. The aim of this study was to assess the LA strain and strain rate of pregnant women with clustering of metabolic risk factors and to explore its prognostic effect on adverse pregnancy outcomes. Materials and methods Sixty-three pregnant women with a clustering of metabolic risk factors (CMR group), fifty-seven women with pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH group), fifty-seven women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM group), and fifty matched healthy pregnant women (control group) were retrospectively evaluated. LA function was evaluated with two-dimensional speckle-tracking imaging. Iatrogenic preterm delivery caused by severe preeclampsia, placental abruption, and fetal distress was regarded as the primary adverse outcome. Results The CMR group showed the lowest LA strain during reservoir phase (LASr), strain during contraction phase (LASct) and peak strain rate during conduit phase (pLASRcd) among the three groups (P < 0.05). LA strain during conduit phase (LAScd) and peak strain rate during reservoir phase (pLASRr) in the CMR group were lower than those in the control and GDM groups (P < 0.05). Multivariable Cox regression analysis demonstrated systolic blood pressure (HR = 1.03, 95% CI 1.01-1.05, p = 0.001) and LASr (HR = 0.86, 95% CI 0.80-0.92, p < 0.0001) to be independent predictors of iatrogenic preterm delivery. An LASr cutoff value <= 38.35% predicted the occurrence of iatrogenic preterm delivery. Conclusions LA mechanical function in pregnant women with metabolic aggregation is deteriorated. An LASr value of 38.35% or less may indicate the occurrence of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Implications of sleep-disordered breathing in pregnancy; OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to examine the relationship between sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) and adverse pregnancy outcomes in a high-risk cohort. STUDY DESIGN: This was a planned analysis of a prospective cohort designed to estimate the prevalence and trends of SDB in high-risk pregnant women. We recruited women with a body mass index of 30 kg/m(2) or greater, chronic hypertension, pregestational diabetes, prior preeclampsia, and/or a twin gestation. Objective assessment of SDB was completed between 6 and 20 weeks and again in the third trimester. SDB was defined as an apnea hypopnea index of 5 or greater and further grouped into severity categories: mild SDB (5-14.9), moderate SDB (15-29.9), and severe SDB (>= 30). Pregnancy outcomes (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, infant weight) were abstracted by physicians blinded to the SDB results. RESULTS: Of the 188 women with a valid early pregnancy sleep study, 182 had complete delivery records. There was no relationship demonstrated between SDB exposure in early or late pregnancy and preeclampsia, preterm birth less than 34 weeks, and small-forgestational-age (<5%), or large-for-gestational-age (>95%) neonates. Conversely, SDB severity in early pregnancywas associated with the risk of developing gestational diabetes (no SDB, 25%; mild SDB, 43%; moderate/severe SDB, 63%; P.03). The adjusted odds ratio for developing gestational diabetes for moderate/severe SDB was 3.6 (0.6, 21.8). CONCLUSION: This study suggests a dose-dependent relationship between SDB in early pregnancy and the subsequent development of gestational diabetes. In contrast, no relationships between SDB during pregnancy and preeclampsia, preterm birth, and extremes of birthweight were demonstrated.
THE DIAGNOSIS OF DIABETES-MELLITUS, INCLUDING GESTATIONAL DIABETES; The process of diagnosing diabetes mellitus cannot be regarded as an exact science. It has evolved over many years and even now continues to change as our knowledge and perception of the condition alter. In the majority of cases the diagnosis is not difficult, but a dilemma does exist in the rather wide and hazy zone between normality and obvious diabetes. There are also certain situations, such as pregnancy, where special factors apply and which require separate consideration. Of course, diabetes mellitus is not a single entity. It comprises different types with different aetiologies, e.g. type I (insulin-dependent), type II (non-insulin-dependent), maturity onset diabetes of the young, etc., and these may present in different ways, be attended by different complications and require different methods of treatment. Nevertheless, they are all associated with greater or lesser degrees of carbohydrate intolerance and current methods of diagnosis usually depend on this without providing any differentiation by type.
Associations of Maternal Glycemia in the First Half of Pregnancy With Alterations in Cardiac Structure and Function in Childhood; OBJECTIVE Gestational diabetes mellitus has been associated with offspring cardiac congenital malformations, ventricular hypertrophy, and diastolic dysfunction in large observational cohort studies and experimental animal models. We assessed the associations of maternal random glucose concentrations across the full range with childhood cardiac ventricular structure and function. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS In a population-based prospective cohort among 1,959 women and their offspring, maternal random glucose concentrations were measured at a median 13.1 weeks' gestation (95% range 10.5-16.8 weeks). We obtained offspring cardiac outcomes, relative to body size, through cardiac MRI at 10 years. RESULTS The mean maternal random glucose concentration was 4.4 mmol/L (SD 0.8). The highest quintile of maternal glucose concentrations, compared with the lowest quintile, was associated with a lower childhood left ventricular mass (-0.19 SD score [SDS]; 95% CI -0.31, -0.07) and left ventricular end-diastolic volume (-0.17 SDS; 95% -0.28, -0.05). Also, higher maternal glucose concentrations across the full range per 1 mmol/L increase were associated with a lower childhood left ventricular mass and left ventricular end-diastolic volume (Pvalues <= 0.05). Adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI, gestational age, and weight at birth or childhood BMI and blood pressure did not influence the effect estimates. Maternal glucose concentrations were not significantly associated with childhood right ventricular end-diastolic volume or left and right ventricular ejection fraction. CONCLUSIONS Higher maternal random glucose concentrations in the first half of pregnancy are associated with a lower childhood left ventricular mass and left ventricular end-diastolic volume, with the strongest associations for childhood left ventricular mass. These associations were not explained by maternal, birth, or childhood characteristics. Further studies are needed to replicate these findings using repeated maternal glucose measurements throughout pregnancy and offspring cardiac outcomes throughout childhood and adulthood.
Pregnancy Risks Associated with Obesity; Obesity has increased dramatically in the United States over the last several decades, with approximately 40% of pregnant women now considered overweight or obese. Obesity has been shown to be associated with numerous poor pregnancy outcomes, including increased rates of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, fetal macrosomia, stillbirth, post-term pregnancy, and increased rates of cesarean delivery. Many of these complications have been found to increase even further with increasing body mass index in a dose-response fashion. In this review, the association of obesity with maternal, fetal, and pregnancy outcomes is discussed as are the recommendations for caring for the obese gravida.
Understanding the spectrum of cardiovascular risk in women - A primer for prevention; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women worldwide and the lifetime risk of CVD in women is similar to men. However, the pathophysiology of CVD varies between women and men necessitating a sex-specific understanding of cardiovascular (CV) risk. A belief that women have a lower CVD risk than men, and an underrepresentation in clinical research for many years has led to a paucity of evidence in the prevention and management of CVD in women. Many recent efforts have tried to bridge the gap. As a result, we now know that traditional risk factors impact CVD risk differently in women when compared with men. There are also numerous sex-specific and pregnancy related risk factors that modify the risk and can predict the future development of CVD in women. This is important as risk calculators, in general, tend to misclassify risk in young women with nontraditional CVD risk factors. To address this, guidelines have introduced the concept of risk enhancers that can suggest a higher risk. The use of coronary artery calcium score can further accurately delineate risk in these women, leading to an appropriate matching of therapy to underlying risk. This review discusses implementation strategies that are essential to mitigate disparities in CVD outcomes and optimizing CVD risk in women.
Maternal vitamin D and markers of glycaemia during pregnancy in the Belfast centre of the Hyperglycaemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study; AimsTo measure total 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels in women in mid-pregnancy who participated in the Belfast centre of the Hyperglycaemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome (HAPO) observational study, and to investigate the associations between levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D and markers of gestational diabetes mellitus and lipid biomarkers. MethodsA total of 1585 pregnant women had serum samples available for measurement. Participants were recruited from the Royal Jubilee Maternity Hospital, Belfast, Northern Ireland, at 24-32 weeks' gestation, as part of the HAPO study. 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations were measured using liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry. Glucose, C-peptide and lipid levels were previously analysed in a central laboratory. Statistical analysis was performed. ResultsThe median (interquartile range) 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration during pregnancy was 38.6 (24.1-60.7) nmol/l, with 65.8% of women being vitamin D-deficient (50 nmol/l). In regression analysis, the association between maternal 25-hydroxyvitamin D and fasting plasma glucose levels approached significance [regression coefficient -0.017 (95% CI -0.034 to 0.001); P=0.06], and a significant positive association was observed between maternal 25-hydroxyvitamin D and -cell function [1.013 (95% CI 1.001 to 1.024); P=0.031]. Maternal 25-hydroxyvitamin D level was positively associated with HDL [0.047 (95% CI 0.021 to 0.073) P 0.001] and total cholesterol [0.085 (95% CI 0.002 to 0.167); P=0.044] in regression analysis. ConclusionsThese results indicate a high prevalence of vitamin D deficiency during pregnancy, which requires identification and treatment; however, only weak associations were observed between 25-hydroxyvitamin D level and markers of glucose and insulin metabolism. This would suggest that these are of doubtful clinical significance. What's new? This was a large-scale observational study reporting serum vitamin D concentrations in a pregnant population in Northern Ireland. The study shows a high level of vitamin D deficiency in a white European cohort at 55 degrees N. The study suggests that vitamin D and glucose metabolism in pregnancy are not linked.
Risk factors for perinatal birth defects in Zhangye: a long-term hospital-based study; Suninzaiy: To identify the factors contributing to birth defects using 18-year data for better intervention planning. Materials and Methods: A retrospective study was carried out using data collected from 169,155 perinatal infants at the city hospital of Zhangye from January 1996 to January 2012. Results: Among the infants, 289 had birth defects. Of them, 182 were detected before the birth with the incidence of 1.71%o and detection rate of 62.98%; the perinatal mortality was 5.42%, while the mortality of defect infant was 175.42%. The most common defects were congenital heart disease, multiple finger (toe), cheiloschisis combined with palatochisis, and ear abnormalities. Univalent conditional logistic regression analysis showed that there were eight statistically significant risk maternal factors contributing to the birth defects, including fever, viral infection, gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertension, other disease, antibiotics, other drugs, and pesticide exposure in early pregnancy. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that exposure to pesticides (OR = 14. 43), viral infection (OR = 7. 65), the use of other drugs (OR = 6. 69), and antibiotics (OR = 6. 55) were associated with the birth defects. Conclusion: It is clear that the birth defects can be reduced by taking precautionary measures before and during pregnancy, by prenatal diagnosis, and by proper treatment of the children with defects.
Necrotizing Fasciitis: Association with Pregnancy-related Risk Factors Early in Life; Background: Pregnancy-related risk factors for necrotizing fasciitis are poorly understood. We investigated pregnancy-related characteristics associated with the long-term risk of developing necrotizing fasciitis, a rare life-threatening infectious disease. Methods: We analyzed a longitudinal cohort of 1,344,996 parous women in Quebec, Canada between 1989 and 2020. The main exposure measures included complications of pregnancy such as gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, metabolic disorder, and other maternal characteristics. We followed the women over time to identify future hospitalizations for necrotizing fasciitis up to three decades after delivery. We estimated adjusted hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the association of pregnancy characteristics with risk of necrotizing fasciitis in time-varying Cox proportional hazards regression models. Results: A total of 420 women were hospitalized for necrotizing fasciitis during follow-up, including 83 (19.8%) with diabetes-related necrotizing fasciitis. The incidence of necrotizing fasciitis was elevated for women with gestational diabetes (2.9 per 100,000 person-years), preterm delivery (3.2 per 100,000 person-years), and metabolic disorders (5.4 per 100,000 person-years), compared with no pregnancy complication (1.1 per 100,000 person-years). Compared with no pregnancy complication, gestational diabetes was associated with 1.87 times the risk (95% CI 1.38-2.53), preterm delivery with 2.10 times the risk (95% CI 1.65-2.66), and metabolic disorder with 3.72 times the risk (95% CI 2.92-4.74) of developing necrotizing fasciitis over time. Pregnancy complications were more strongly associated with the risk of necrotizing fasciitis 5 years or more after delivery. Conclusions: Complications of pregnancy may be associated with the long-term risk of necrotizing fasciitis in women.
Current perspectives of insulin resistance and polycystic ovary syndrome; Aims To review the relationship between insulin resistance and polycystic ovary syndrome. Methods A literature review. Results Insulin resistance likely plays a central pathogenic role in polycystic ovary syndrome and may explain the pleiotropic presentation and involvement of multiple organ systems. Insulin resistance in the skeletal muscle of women with polycystic ovary syndrome involves both intrinsic and acquired defects in insulin signalling. The cellular insulin resistance in polycystic ovary syndrome has been further shown to involve a novel post-binding defect in insulin signal transduction. Treatment of insulin resistance through lifestyle therapy or with a diabetes drug has become mainstream therapy in women with polycystic ovary syndrome. However, effects with current pharmacologic treatment with metformin tend to be modest, with limited benefit as an agent to treat infertility. Insulin resistance contributes to increased risk for pregnancy complications, diabetes and cardiovascular disease risk profile in polycystic ovary syndrome, which is further exacerbated by obesity. While numerous studies demonstrate increased prevalence of cardiovascular disease risk factors in women with polycystic ovary syndrome, there are limited data showing that women with polycystic ovary syndrome are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease events. Conclusions Insulin resistance is linked to polycystic ovary syndrome. Further study of lifestyle and pharmacologic interventions that reduce insulin resistance, such as metformin, are needed to demonstrate that they are effective in reducing the risk of diabetes, endometrial abnormalities and cardiovascular disease events in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Genetic Contributions to Risk of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Purpose of ReviewAdverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), low birthweight (LBW), and preterm birth (PTB), along with peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) are associated with short- and long-term maternal and fetal cardiovascular risks. This review focuses on the genetic contributions to the risk of APOs and PPCM.Recent FindingsThe expansion of genome-wide association studies (GWAS) has led to a better understanding of the biological mechanisms underpinning APO, PPCM, and the predisposition to cardiovascular disease across the life course. Genetic loci known to be involved with the risk of hypertension (FTO, ZNF831) have been associated with the development of overall HDP and preeclampsia. Additionally, four loci significantly associated with type 2 diabetes have been associated with GDM (CDKAL1, MTNR1B, TCF7L2, CDKN2A-CDKN2B). Variants in loci known to affect gene coding for proteins involved in immune cell function and placental health (EBF1, EEFSEC, AGTR2, 2q13) have been implicated in the development of PTB and future cardiovascular risks for both the mother and the offspring. Genetic similarities in rare variants between PPCM and dilated cardiomyopathy have been described suggesting shared pathophysiologic origins as well as predisposition for future risk of heart failure, highlighting the need for the development of PPCM genetic counseling guidelines.SummaryGenetics may inform mechanisms, risks, and counseling for individuals after an APO or PPCM. Through recent advances in genetic techniques and analytic approaches, new insights into the underlying biological mechanisms and genetic variants leading to these risks have been discovered.
What's new in obstetric anesthesia: the 2011 Gerard W. Ostheimer lecture; The Gerard W. Ostheimer lecture is delivered at the Society for Obstetric Anesthesia and Perinatology Annual Meeting. The lecture provides a comprehensive review of the previous year's literature in obstetric anesthesia, obstetrics, perinatology, and health services research relevant for obstetric anesthesiologists. This article covers several of the major themes that emerged from the 2010 literature. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Do pregnancy complications and CVD share common antecedents?; Considerable data link low birth weight, due to intrauterine growth restriction, to increased offspring risk of vascular disease in later adult life. This is considered to be the result, in part, of programming through fetal nutrition [Ref 1: Am. J. Clin. Nutr. 7 1 (2000) 1344S]. These data support the hypothesis that pregnancy Outcome in terms of birth weight is linked to the infant's Subsequent health. In contrast, much less attention has been focused on the relationship between adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, pre-term delivery and intrauterine growth restriction, and the mother's subsequent health. Interesting data have accumulated linking the maternal vascular, metabolic and inflammatory complications of pregnancy to an increased risk of vascular disease in later life (Table 1). This paper reviews the emerging evidence to support this fascinating concept, addresses potential mechanisms and discusses potential clinical implications. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd, All rights reserved.
The risk and added values of the atherosclerotic cardiovascular risk enhancers on prediction of cardiovascular events: Tehran lipid and glucose study; Background: In 2013 American College of Cardiology and the American Heart Association released a guideline on the management of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) including a composite of death from CVD, non-fatal myocardial infarction, or non-fatal stroke (hard CVD). This guideline recommended a risk score that was calculated using pooled cohort equations (ASCVD-PCE). The guideline was updated in 2018/2019 and further risk discussion was suggested for deciding whether to continue or initiate statin therapy among non-diabetic individuals with ASCVD-PCE score ranged 5-20%. They recommended a risk discussion with considering risk enhancing factors (ASCVD-REFs) including family history of premature CVD, chronic kidney disease, triglycerides >= 175 mg/dl, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) >= 160 mg/dl, metabolic syndrome (Mets), and for women premature menopause, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). In the current study, we aimed to examine the predictability of recommended ASCVD-REFs on incident hard CVD in non-diabetic individuals with LDL-C 70-189 mg/dl, with ASCVD-PCE risk 5-20% during 10 and 15-year follow-up. Methods: Among a total of 3546 non-diabetic individuals aged 40-75 years, after excluding those with ASCVD-PCE score < 5% and >= 20% (n = 2342), 1204 individuals (women = 332) were included. The univariable and multivariable (further adjusted for ASCVD-PCE) Cox regression analysis were used to evaluate the association of each potential ASCVD-REFs with hard CVD. Additionnaly, the role of different components of Mets and a history of gestational diabetes (GDM)/macrosomia was also examined. The predictive ability of each significant ASCVD-REFs, then was evaluated by the discrimination accuracy and risk reclassification index. Results: During the 10-year follow-up, 73 hard CVD events occurred. Although in univariable analysis, high blood pressure (BP) component of Mets, GDM/macrosomia, and HDP remained as significant ASCVD-REFs, in the multivariable analysis, only the history of HDP (5.35 (1.22-23.38)) and GDM/macrosomia (3.18 (1.05-9.65)) showed independent risks. During the 15-year follow-up, Mets (1.47 (1.05-2.06)) and its components of high waist circumference (1.40 (1.0-1.95)) and high BP (1.52 (1.07-2.15)) significantly increased the risk. These ASCVD-REFs did not improve discrimination or predictive ability. Conclusions: In a decade follow-up, only conditions specific for women and in longer follow-up, the presence of Mets perse, and its components of high WC and high BP were shown as significant ASCVD-REFs.
Maternal hypothyroidism and its effect on placental histopathology in singleton live births resulting from <i>in vitro</i> fertilization treatment; We aimed to examine the impact of maternal hypothyroidism on placental pathology and perinatal outcomes in singleton live births resulting from IVF, using medical records of IVF births between 2009 and 2017 at a tertiary hospital. The primary outcomes included anatomical, inflammation, vascular malperfusion, and villous maturation placental features. Secondary outcomes included foetal, maternal, perinatal, and delivery complications. There were 1,057 live births, of which 103 (9.7%) and 954 (90.3%) were in the study and control groups, respectively. Patients in the study group were more likely to have diabetes mellitus, polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, and non-reassuring foetal heart rate (NRFHR) tracing during delivery. After adjustment for potential confounding factors, hypothyroidism was significantly associated with the bilobed placenta (aOR 4.1; 95% CI 1.2-14.3), retroplacental haematoma (aOR 2.4; 95% CI 1.2-4.9), decidual arteriopathy (aOR 2.0; 95% CI 1.2-4.1) and subchorionic thrombi (aOR 2.4; 95% CI 1.3-5.0). Additionally, there was a statistically significant relationship with NRFHR tracing. The incidence of acute chorioamnionitis and severe foetal inflammatory response was higher in the study group. In conclusion, the placental histopathology patterns of singleton IVF live births show that maternal hypothyroidism has a significant impact on adverse perinatal outcomes.
Report of a National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Workshop: Heterogeneity in Cardiometabolic Risk in Asian Americans in the US Opportunities for Research; The Asian and Pacific Islander population (Asian Americans) in the U.S. has increased dramatically in the last few decades. Yet, data on cardiovascular disease (CVD) in this population are scarce. The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) of the National Institutes of Health conducted an Expert Workshop to: 1) assess the importance of studying CVD in Asian Americans in the U.S.; and 2) consider strategic options for further investigations of CVD in this population. There is considerable geographical, ethnic, cultural, and genetic diversity within this population. Limited data also suggest striking differences in the risk of CVD, obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and other CVD risk factors across the Asian-American population. The Asian-American population is a new diverse pool with less contemporary genetic and cultural admixture relative to groups that have lived in the U.S. for generations, plus it is diverse in lifestyle including culture, diet, and family structure. This diversity provides a window of opportunity for research on genes and gene-environment interactions and also to investigate how acculturation/assimilation to U.S. lifestyles affects health and CVD risk among relatively homogenous groups of recent immigrants. Given the heterogeneity in body weight, body size, and CVD risk, the Asian-American population in the U.S. offers a unique model to study the interaction and relationships between visceral adiposity and adipose tissue distribution and beta cell function, insulin resistance, and atherosclerosis. (J Am Coll Cardiol 2010; 55: 966-73) (C) 2010 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation
Associations of mid-pregnancy HbA1c with gestational diabetes and risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes in high-risk Taiwanese women; Background The objective of this study was to investigate the associations among the mid-pregnancy glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) level, gestational diabetes (GDM), and risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes in women without overt diabetes and with positive 50-g, 1-h glucose challenge test (GCT) results (140 mg/dL or greater). Methods This prospective study enrolled 1,989 pregnant Taiwanese women. A two-step approach, including a 50-g, 1-h GCT and 100-g, 3-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), was employed for the diagnosis of GDM at weeks 23-32. The mid-pregnancy HbA1c level was measured at the time the OGTT was performed. A receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve was used to determine the relationship between the mid-pregnancy HbA1c level and GDM. Multiple logistic regression models were implemented to assess the relationships between the mid-pregnancy HbA1c level and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Results An ROC curve demonstrated that the optimal mid-pregnancy HbA1c cut-off point to predict GDM, as diagnosed by the Carpenter-Coustan criteria using a two-step approach, was 5.7%. The area under the ROC curve of the mid-pregnancy HbA1c level for GDM was 0.70. Compared with the levels of 4.5-4.9%, higher mid-pregnancy HbA1c levels (5.0-5.4, 5.5-5.9, 6.0-6.4, 6.5-6.9, and > 7.0%) were significantly associated with increased risks of gestational hypertension or preeclampsia, preterm delivery, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, low birth weight, and macrosomia (the odds ratio [OR] ranges were 1.20-9.98, 1.31-5.16, 0.88-3.15, 0.89-4.10, and 2.22-27.86, respectively). Conclusions The mid-pregnancy HbA1c level was associated with various adverse pregnancy outcomes in high-risk Taiwanese women. However, it lacked adequate sensitivity and specificity to replace the two-step approach in the diagnosis of GDM. The current study comprised a single-center prospective study; thus, additional, randomized control design studies are required.
Differences in Preeclampsia Rates Between African American and Caucasian Women: Trends from the National Hospital Discharge Survey; Background: African Americans are at higher risk for preeclampsia compared with Caucasians, but longitudinal changes are unknown. We hypothesized that preeclampsia rates among African Americans would be higher than that of Caucasians and over time would maintain a consistent divergence. Methods: We analyzed the annual prevalence rates and calculated prevalence odds ratios (POR) with 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) for preeclampsia comparing 4,644 African American (weighted 608,109) with 12,131 Caucasian (weighted 1,844,391) women from the National Hospital Discharge Survey (1979-2006), including all women for whom a delivery was associated with preeclampsia. We estimated the race-specific prevalence of preeclampsia while adjusting for age, geographic region, diabetes, essential hypertension, prior myocardial infarction, heart failure, benign essential hypertension complicating a pregnancy, transient hypertension, and gestational diabetes. Results: There was an increasing trend in preeclampsia rates per year from 1979 to 2006 for African Americans [POR 0.76 (95% CI 0.49, 1.03)] and Caucasians [0.29 (95% CI 0.17, 0.41)]. However, there was an initial decrease in prevalence from 1979-1988 among African-Americans [-0.96 (95% CI -1.78, -0.14)] that was not seen in Caucasians [0.12 (95% CI -0.33, 0.57)]. Across all study years, preeclampsia rates remained higher for African Americans compared to Caucasians, from a POR of 0.98 (95% CI 0.96, 1.0) to POR of 1.75 (95% CI 1.73, 1.78). Conclusion: There was an increase in the prevalence of preeclampsia in African Americans compared to Caucasians in the most recent decade under study. This may be explained by healthcare system changes and disparities in obesity. Action is needed to reduce the trajectory of future cardiovascular disease caused by preeclampsia.
Pregnancy-associated cardiovascular risks and postpartum care; an opportunity for interventions aiming at health preservation and disease prevention; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of premature death and disability for female individuals around the world and the rates are increasing in those aged 35-44 years. Certain pregnancy complications (Pregnancy-associated Cardiovascular Risks (P-CVR))are linked to an increased risk of future CVD making pregnancy and the postpartum period as an ideal time to screen individuals for underlying, often unrecognized, cardiovascular risk factors. Pregnancy complications associated with an increased risk of future CVD including the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, idiopathic preterm birth, delivery of a growth restricted baby and a placental abruption that leads to delivery. A number of guidelines and research groups recommend postpartum CVR screening, counseling and lifestyle intervention for all those who have had one or more of P-CVRs starting within the first six months postpartum. An individualized plan for postpartum screening should be created with the individual and lifestyle interventions discussed.
Proyecto Mama: a lifestyle intervention in overweight and obese Hispanic women: a randomised controlled trial - study protocol; Background: The proportion of women entering pregnancy overweight or obese has been rising and, in turn, is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. Gestational weight gain (GWG) exceeding Institute of Medicine (IOM) guidelines further increases health risks and has been independently associated with postpartum weight retention. Hispanic women are disproportionately affected by overweight and obesity, but have had limited access to interventions that promote healthy lifestyles due to cultural, socioeconomic, and language barriers. Therefore, the overall goal of this randomized controlled trial is to test the efficacy of a culturally and linguistically modified, individually-tailored lifestyle intervention to reduce excess GWG, increase postpartum weight loss, and improve maternal metabolic status among overweight/obese Hispanic women. Methods/Design: Overweight/obese Hispanic women are recruited in early pregnancy and randomly assigned to a Lifestyle Intervention (n = 150) or a Comparison Health and Wellness (control) intervention (n = 150). Multimodal contacts (i.e., in-person, telephone counseling, and mailed print-based materials) are used to deliver the intervention from early pregnancy (12 weeks gestation) to 6 months postpartum, with follow-up to 1 year postpartum. Targets of the intervention are to achieve IOM Guidelines for GWG and postpartum weight loss; American Congress of Obstetrician and Gynecologist guidelines for physical activity; and American Diabetes Association guidelines for diet. The intervention draws from Social Cognitive Theory and the Transtheoretical Model and includes strategies to address the specific social, cultural, and economic challenges faced by low-income Hispanic women. Assessments are conducted at baseline (similar to 10 weeks gestation), mid pregnancy (24-28 weeks gestation), late pregnancy (32-34 weeks gestation) and postpartum at 6-weeks, 6-months, and 12-months by bicultural and bilingual personnel blinded to the intervention arm. Efficacy is assessed via GWG, postpartum weight loss, and biomarkers of glycemic control, insulin resistance, and cardiovascular disease risk factors. Changes in physical activity and diet are measured via 7-day accelerometer data and 24-h dietary recalls at each assessment time period. Discussion: Hispanic women are the fastest growing minority group in the U.S. and are disproportionately affected by overweight and obesity. This randomised trial uses a high-reach, low-cost strategy that can readily be translated into clinical practice in underserved and minority populations.
Consumption of ultra-processed foods and health outcomes: a systematic review of epidemiological studies; Background Consumption of ultra-processed foods (UPFs) plays a potential role in the development of obesity and other diet-related noncommunicable diseases (NCDs), but no studies have systematically focused on this. This study aimed to summarize the evidence for the association between UPFs consumption and health outcomes. Methods A comprehensive search was conducted in PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science to identify all relevant studies. Epidemiological studies were included, and identified studies were evaluated for risk of bias.A narrative review of the synthesized findings was provided to assess the association between UPFs consumption and health outcomes. Results 20 studies (12 cohort and 8 cross-sectional studies) were included in the analysis, with a total of 334,114 participants and 10 health outcomes. In a narrative review, high UPFs consumption was obviously associated with an increased risk of all-cause mortality, overall cardiovascular diseases, coronary heart diseases, cerebrovascular diseases, hypertension, metabolic syndrome, overweight and obesity, depression, irritable bowel syndrome, overall cancer, postmenopausal breast cancer, gestational obesity, adolescent asthma and wheezing, and frailty. It showed no significant association with cardiovascular disease mortality, prostate and colorectal cancers, gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational overweight. Conclusions This study indicated a positive association between UPFs consumption and risk of several health outcomes. Large-scale prospective designed studies are needed to confirm our findings.
Preconception health in the well woman; Key content It is important to focus on preconception care in the well woman because prevention is better than treatment, and interventions commenced in pregnancy may have limited benefit. A lower socioeconomic status is associated with poorer maternal and neonatal outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth (PTB), pre-eclampsia (PET), and small-for-gestational-age babies. Poor nutrition contributes to epigenetic dysregulation, which can alter gene expression and effect phenotypic change. A healthy diet during pregnancy, high in grains and vegetables, may help to reduce the risk of obesity, GDM, cardiovascular disease, hypertension, PET, and maternal anaemia; the benefits to the fetus include the prevention of low birthweight, macrosomia, PTB and stillbirth. The minimum amount of aerobic activity recommended during the preconception and pregnancy period is either 150 minutes of moderate intensity activity per week, or 30 minutes of activity per day, or 75 minutes of intense activity per week. Alcohol is a teratogen that can cause fetal growth restriction and facial malformations, learning and behavioural challenges and impairment to the central nervous system. Smoking in pregnancy can lead to impaired fetal growth and adverse effects on the immune system. Learning objectives To understand the importance of the preconception period. To evaluate key nutritional requirements in the preconception period. To critically evaluate the benefits and disadvantages of vaccination in the preconception period.
Stretch-induced compliance mechanism in pregnancy-induced cardiac hypertrophy and the impact of cardiovascular risk factors; Pressure overload-induced hypertrophy compromises cardiac stretch-induced compliance (SIC) after acute volume overload (AVO). We hypothesized that SIC could be enhanced by physiological hypertrophy induced by pregnancy's chronic volume overload. This study evaluated SIC-cardiac adaptation in pregnant women with or without cardiovascular risk (CVR) factors. Thirty-seven women (1st trimester, 1(st)T) and a separate group of 31 (3rd trimester, 3(rd)T) women [healthy or with CVR factors (obesity and/or hypertension and/or with gestational diabetes)] underwent echocardiography determination of left ventricular end-diastolic volume (LVEDV) and E/e ' before (T0), immediately after (T1), and 15 min after (T2; SIC) AVO induced by passive leg elevation. Blood samples for NT-proBNP quantification were collected before and after the AVO. Acute leg elevation significantly increased inferior vena cava diameter and stroke volume from T0 to T1 in both 1(st)T and 3(rd)T, confirming AVO. LVEDV and E/e ' also increased immediately after AVO (T1) in both 1(st)T and 3(rd)T. SIC adaptation (T2, 15 min after AVO) significantly decreased E/e ' in both trimesters, with additional expansion of LVEDV only in the 1(st)T. NT-pro-BNP increased slightly after AVO but only in the 1(st)T. CVR factors, but not parity or age, significantly impacted SIC cardiac adaptation. A distinct functional response to SIC was observed between 1(st)T and 3(rd)T, which was influenced by CVR factors. The LV of 3(rd)T pregnant women was hypertrophied, showing a structural limitation to dilate with AVO, whereas the lower LV filling pressure values suggest increased diastolic compliance.
LEPTIN AND VASCULAR ENDOTHELIAL GROWTH FACTOR A: A CROSS-TALK IN OBESE WOMEN WITH GESTATIONAL DIABETES AND WITH DIABETES IN PREGNANCY - A COHORT STUDY; Vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF A) synthesis is intensified by leptin in: hypoxia-inducible factor 1 alpha (HIF-1A) and nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer of activated B cells (Nf kappa B)-dependent manners. The study aimed to investigate the association between leptin and VEGF A serum levels in obese women with hyperglycaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy. Sixty obese pregnant women with hyperglycaemia were divided into groups according to body mass index (BMI): group 1: BMI 30.0-34.9 kg/m(2); group 2: BMI 35.0-39.9 kg/m(2); group 3: BMI >= 40 kg/m(2). On the enrolment visit, waist circumference, body mass and height were measured. At visit 1 (V1; gestational week (GW) 28-32) and visit 2 (V2; GW 36-38), anthropometric, blood pressure and heart rate measurements, and blood sample collection were performed. Blood levels of leptin, VEGF A, VEGF receptor 2, HIF-1A, Nf kappa B, interleukin 1 alpha, protein delta homolog 1, nitric oxide and glycated haemoglobin were determined. To analyse the predictors of the biochemical parametres involved in leptin and VEGF A cross-talk, multivariate logistic regression was implemented. Positive correlations between serum levels of leptin and VEGF A were found. Serum level of HIF-1A at V1 was a predictor for the highest quartile of the serum levels of VEGF A at V1 and V2. Leptin serum level at V1 was a predictor for the highest quartile of HIF-1A serum concentration at V2. In group 3 HIF-1A level was higher at V2 compared to V1. We conclude that in obese women with hyperglycaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy there is a significant positive influence of serum leptin on VEGF A synthesis and serum level and HIF-1A seems to play more important role in leptin and VEGF A cross-talk than Nf kappa B.
Changes in plasma lipids and markers of oxidative stress in normal pregnancy and pregnancies complicated by diabetes; The purpose of the present study was to determine changes in plasma lipids and markers of oxidative stress longitudinally in pregnancy complicated by diabetes compared with non-diabetic pregnancy. This was carried out by following a group of normal pregnant women (n=17) and groups of pregnant women with Type I diabetes (n=19), Type II diabetes (n=12) and gestational diabetes mellitus (n=12) throughout pregnancy, with sampling carried out at the end of each trimester. Serum total cholesterol and triacylglycerols (triglycerides) were determined using standard colorimetric techniques and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) subfraction profile by disc PAGE. Total antioxidant capacity (TAC) was determined by enhanced chemiluminescence and lipid hydroperoxides by the ferrous oxidation of Xylenol Orange method. Total cholesterol and triacylglycerols increased significantly throughout pregnancy in all groups, but there were no significant differences between normal and diabetic women with respect to either. The LDL score was significantly higher (P<0.001) in diabetic women compared with normal women at each point throughout pregnancy, although there were no significant differences between the diabetic groups. There was evidence of greater oxidative stress in diabetic compared with normal women throughout. Corrected TAC was significantly lower (P<0.001) in all diabetic women throughout pregnancy. In addition, lipid hydroperoxides were higher in all diabetic compared with normal women, particularly so in those with Type II diabetes (P<0.05). These changes may have important implications for diabetic women during pregnancy, as an elevated risk of pre-eclampsia is thought to reflect an oxidative stress-related mechanism. In addition, these changes may have important implications for the development of atherosclerosis and the long-term cardiovascular health of women with diabetes.
An Evidence-Based Review of Diabetes Care: History, Types, Relationship to Cancer and Heart Disease, Co-Morbid Factors, and Preventive Measures; Diabetes is characterized by hyperglycemia due to the decreased and inadequate levels of insulin in the body, resistance to the effects of insulin, or a combination of both. There are three types of diabetes. However, Type 2 disease is the most common, followed by Type 1 and gestational diabetes. Most common factors responsible for diabetes are obesity or being overweight, impaired glucose tolerance, insulin resistance, ethnic background, sedentary lifestyle, and family history. Because of the increased longevity, it is becoming a disease of the elderly, thus contributing to the complexity of managing it in the ageing population. Diabetes also has implications for cancer and heart disease. Some studies have shown increased cancer risk in prediabetic and diabetic individuals. A recent major study draws firm conclusion that diabetes promotes a person's risk of developing different types of cancer. The occurrence and mortality of cancer types, e.g., pancreas, liver, colorectal, breast, endometrial, and bladder cancers, may produce a modest rise in diabetics. Women with diabetes are 27% likelier to develop cancer compared to healthy women. On the other hand, only 19% more men with diabetes are likely to develop cancer when compared to healthy men. Preventive measures such as proper diet, physical activity, weight management, smoking cessation, and controlling obesity may improve Type 2 diabetes (T2D) outcomes and some forms of cancer. Developing awareness of the genetic association relationship between T2D and coronary heart disease has begun to provide the potential for better prevention and treatment of both disorders. Significant preventive measures for diabetes include - the consumption of nutrients such as vitamin D, nuts, minerals chromium and magnesium, controlling weight, hypertension, plant foods, and a Mediterranean plant-based diet along with increased exercise.
Nimbolide protects against diabetic cardiomyopathy by regulating endoplasmic reticulum stress and mitochondrial function via the Akt/ mTOR pathway; Nimbolide has been demonstrated to possess protective properties against gestational diabetes mellitus and diabetic retinopathy. However, the role and molecular mechanism of nimbolide in diabetic cardiomyopathy (DCM) remain unknown. Diabetes was induced in rats via a single injection of streptozotocin (STZ) and then the diabetic rats were administered nimbolide (5 mg/kg and 20 mg/kg) or dimethyl sulfoxide daily for 12 weeks. H9c2 cardiomyocytes were exposed to high glucose (25 mM glucose) to mimic DCM in vitro. . The protective effects of nimbolide against DCM were evaluated in vivo and in vitro. . The potential molecular mechanism of nimbolide in DCM was further explored. We found that nimbolide dose-dependently decreased blood glucose and improved body weight of diabetic rats. Additionally, nimbolide dose-dependently improved cardiac function, alleviated myocardial injury/fibrosis, and inhibited endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress and apoptosis in diabetic rats. Moreover, nimbolide dose-dependently improved mitochondrial function and activated the Akt/mTOR signaling. We consistently demonstrated the cardioprotective effects of nimbolide in an in vitro model of DCM. The involvement of ER stress and mitochondrial pathways were further confirmed by using inhibitors of ER stress and mitochondrial division. By applying a specific Akt inhibitor SC66, the cardioprotective effects of nimbolide were partially blocked. Our study indicated that nimbolide alleviated DCM by activating Akt/mTOR pathway. Nimbolide may be a novel therapeutic agent for DCM treatment.
Gender Differences and Cardiometabolic Risk: The Importance of the Risk Factors; Metabolic syndrome (Mets) is a clinical condition characterized by a cluster of major risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes: proatherogenic dyslipidemia, elevated blood pressure, dysglycemia, and abdominal obesity. Each risk factor has an independent effect, but, when aggregated, they become synergistic, doubling the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases and causing a 1.5-fold increase in all-cause mortality. We will highlight gender differences in the epidemiology, etiology, pathophysiology, and clinical expression of the aforementioned Mets components. Moreover, we will discuss gender differences in new biochemical markers of metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular risk.
Mothers with HIP - The short term and long-term impact, what is new?; Hyperglycemia is one of the most common medical conditions that women encounter during pregnancy and it is due to gestational diabetes (GDM) in the majority of cases (International Diabetes Federation, 2015) [1]. GDM is associated with a higher incidence of maternal morbidity in pregnancy in term of hypertensive disorders/preclampsia and higher rate of cesarean delivery but also with long-term risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Pregnancy can therefore be considered a stress test; diagnosis of HIP can unmask a preexisting susceptibility and consequently a future risk for type 2 diabetes and can be a useful marker of future cardiovascular risk. Postpartum follow up provides an excellent opportunity to implement healthy lifestyle behaviors to prevent or delay the development of diabetes or cardiovascular disease. The aim of the current review is to focus on short and long term maternal morbidity of HIP. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Impact of maternal diabetes exposure on soluble adhesion molecules in the offspring; Background and aims: Soluble adhesion molecules are associated with cardiovascular disease and increased in individuals with diabetes. This study assesses the impact of diabetes exposure in utero on the abundance of circulating adhesion molecules in cord serum and soluble adhesion molecules released from human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) exposed to high glucose concentrations. Methods and results: Women with and without diabetes were recruited. DM was diagnosed based on the American Diabetes Association criteria. Primary cultures of HUVEC were cultured in 5 mM and 25 mM glucose with 25 mM mannitol osmotic control. The soluble adhesion molecules, intracellular adhesion molecule (ICAM), vascular cell adhesion molecule (VCAM) and Eselectin were measured by ELISA in the cord blood serum and conditioned HUVEC media. The mothers with DM were older with higher BMI (p = 0.027 and 0.008, respectively). In a fully adjusted model, VCAM was significantly increased in the cord serum of infants born to mothers with diabetes (p = 0.046), but ICAM and E-selectin were not different. ICAM was also significantly correlated with maternal HbA1c (r(2) = 0.16, p = 0.004) and cord serum non-esterified fatty acids (r(2) = 0.08, p = 0.013). From the HUVEC media, the abundance of adhesion molecules was not different based on DM or high glucose exposure; however, VCAM abundance in the HUVEC supernatant was significantly correlated with ICAM (r(2)=0.27, p=0.010) and cord serum cpeptide (R-2 = 0.19, p = 0.043). Conclusions: Alterations in soluble adhesion molecule abundance in infants exposed to the diabetic milieu of pregnancy may reflect early alterations in vascular function predicting future cardiovascular disease. (C) 2022 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Prevalence and associated factors of restless leg syndrome (RLS) in Pakistani women during pregnancy; There is a dearth of literature studying restless leg syndrome (RLS) among pregnant patients in Pakistan. The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence and associated factors of RLS among pregnant Pakistani patients. It was conducted in 2018 among 478 women attending ante-natal check-up in the outpatient department of five hospitals in Karachi, Pakistan. Individuals were interviewed for socio-demographic information, the key criteria for RLS and its associated factors. RLS was reported in 54 (11%) individuals based on International Restless Legs Syndrome Study Group (IRLSSG) criteria. The mean age was 33.44 +/- 4.42 years. Association between pregnant women with RLS and those without reveals statistically significant differences with increasing age (p=.01), gravida (p<.01) and para (p<.001). RLS was significant among working women (p=.001), during third trimester (p=.001), with insomnia (p<.001), use of tobacco (p<.001) and among women with gestational diabetes (p<.001), hypertension (p<.001). The study showed a low prevalence of RLS among women during pregnancy. It further reported gestational diabetes, hypertension, insomnia and tobacco use to be independently linked to RLS. Impact Statement What is already known on this subject? Pregnancy has been demonstrated to be strongly associated with development of secondary restless leg syndrome (RLS). RLS in pregnancy has also been shown to portend poor maternal and neonatal outcomes such as postpartum depression and preterm birth. Various conditions and lifestyle factors in pregnancy have been shown to be associated with the development of RLS, but there are variations in these across different populations. What do the results of this study add? The prevalence of RLS was only reported twice in pregnant patients in Pakistan and our research helps to address this data shortage. In addition, the results of our study document a strong association of RLS with gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes and also show that smoking and exercise were correlated with RLS during pregnancy, both of which were previously unstudied in the pregnant Pakistani population. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Demonstrating the prevalence of RLS in pregnant Pakistani patients highlights the need to screen these patients, particularly those with associated conditions identified in our findings, for RLS during antenatal visits and to treat their condition to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Higher daytime systolic BP, prepregnancy BMI and an elevated sFlt-1/PlGF ratio predict the development of hypertension in normotensive pregnant women; Background: The risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) varies in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), depending on the degree of insulin resistance and is also influenced by obesity. The aim of this study was to evaluate clinical features, blood pressure (BP) profiles and inflammatory markers, to identify patients with an elevated risk of developing HDP. Methods: A total of 146 normotensive pregnant women were studied. We analysed the relationships of BP profiles detected by ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) with serum biomarkers and angiogenic factors and their association with the development of HDP. Results: Fourteen (9.6%) women developed HDP, of which 11 had GDM and 8 had obesity. Women with HDP had higher values of 24-h and daytime systolic/diastolic BP (113/69 vs. 104/64; 115/72 vs. 106/66 mmHg, respectively; p < 0.05). Higher levels of leptin (10.97 +/- 0.82 vs. 10.2 +/- 1.11; p = 0.018) andmonocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) (5.24 +/- 0.60 vs. 4.9 +/- 0.55; p = 0.044) and a higher soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1/placental growth factor (sFlt-1/PlGF) ratio (4.37 +/- 2.2 vs. 2.2 +/- 1.43; p = 0.003) were also observed in the HDP patients. Multivariate analysis showed that a higher sFlt-1/PlGF ratio was associated with an increased risk of developing HDP [OR = 2.02; IC 95%: 1.35-3.05]. Furthermore, higher daytime systolic BP [OR = 1.27; IC 95% 1.00-1.26] and prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) [OR = 1.14; IC 95%: 1.01-1.30] significantly increased the risk of developing HDP. Conclusions: Higher daytime systolic BP values, prepregnancy BMI and the sFlt-1/PlGF ratio are useful for identifying normotensive pregnant women with an increased risk of developing HDP.
Transient diabetes insipidus in pregnancy; Gestational diabetes insipidus (DI) is a rare complication of pregnancy, usually developing in the third trimester and remitting spontaneously 4-6 weeks post-partum. It is mainly caused by excessive vasopressinase activity, an enzyme expressed by placental trophoblasts which metabolises arginine vasopressin (AVP). Its diagnosis is challenging, and the treatment requires desmopressin. A 38-year-old Chinese woman was referred in the 37th week of her first single-gestation due to polyuria, nocturia and polydipsia. She was known to have gestational diabetes mellitus diagnosed in the second trimester, well-controlled with diet. Her medical history was unremarkable. Physical examination demonstrated decreased skin turgor; her blood pressure was 102/63 mmHg, heart rate 78 beats/min and weight 53 kg (BMI 22.6 kg/m(2)). Laboratory data revealed low urine osmolality 89 mOsmol/kg (350-1000), serum osmolality 293 mOsmol/kg (278-295), serum sodium 144 mmol/l (135-145), potassium 4.1 mmol/l (3.5-5.0), urea 2.2 mmol/l (2.5-6.7), glucose 3.5 mmol/l and HbA1c 5.3%. Bilirubin, alanine transaminase, alkaline phosphatase and full blood count were normal. The patient was started on desmopressin with improvement in her symptoms, and normalisation of serum and urine osmolality (280 and 310 mOsmol/kg respectively). A fetus was delivered at the 39th week without major problems. After delivery, desmopressin was stopped and she had no further evidence of polyuria, polydipsia or nocturia. Her sodium, serum/urine osmolality at 12-weeks post-partum were normal. A pituitary magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed the neurohypophyseal T1-bright spot situated ectopically, with a normal adenohypophysis and infundibulum. She remains clinically well, currently breastfeeding, and off all medication. This case illustrates some challenges in the diagnosis and management of transient gestational DI.
Prevalence and adverse perinatal outcomes of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy in Hebei Province, China; Background Anaemia in pregnancy is one of the most frequent complications related to pregnancy and is a public health concern. This article examines the prevalence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy and the associations between anaemia and adverse perinatal outcomes in Hebei Province, China. Methods We used SPSS software to describe the incidence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy in Hebei Province and analysed the clinical characteristics in anaemic patients and the relationship between anaemia and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Results The overall prevalence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy was 35.0% in Hebei Province. The prevalence of anaemia in the population with a high education level was lower than that in the population with a low education level. The incidence rate in rural areas was higher than that in urban areas. After adjustment for confounding factors, anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy is an independent risk factor in terms of placenta previa, placental abruption, uterine atony, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, heart disease, postpartum haemorrhage, premature birth, laceration of birth canal, puerperal infection, caesarean section and large for gestational age. Conclusions The prevalence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of adverse perinatal outcomes. A comprehensive approach to prevent anaemia is needed to improve maternal and child health outcomes.
Pathophysiological changes associated with sleep disordered breathing and supine sleep position in pregnancy; Sleep is a complex and active physiological process that if disrupted, can result in adverse outcomes both within and outside of pregnancy. Sleep disordered breathing (SDB) occurs in 10-32% of pregnancies. Substantial physiological changes occur during pregnancy that impact on maternal sleep, which typically deteriorates with advancing gestation. Pregnancy challenges maternal homeostatic regulation of many systems which effect maternal sleep, including the respiratory, cardiovascular, endocrine, and immune systems. SDB can result from varying degrees of airway compromise and potentially cause systemic hypoxia. The hypoxia may be acute, intermittent or chronic in nature with complications dependant on the duration and the gestation at which the insult occurs. It is unlikely that this effect is mediated by a singular mechanistic pathway but results from a complex cascade of events across multiple maternal organ systems. Regardless of the etiology, both SDB and supine sleep position are associated with a variety of obstetric and perinatal complications including, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, cardiomyopathy, heart failure, fetal growth restriction, poor neonatal condition at birth, stillbirth and neuro-psychiatric problems in offspring. Both maternal sleep position and sleep disordered breathing are potentially modifiable or treatable factors that if addressed have the potential to improve maternal and fetal outcomes. This narrative review summarizes the maternal and placental pathophysiological aberrations associated with sleep disordered breathing and supine sleep position in pregnancy. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Multigenerational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes (GDM) changes the maternal metabolic and uterine environment, thus increasing the risk of short- and long-term adverse outcomes for both mother and child. Children of mothers who have GDM during their pregnancy are more likely to develop Type 2 Diabetes (T2D), early-onset cardiovascular disease and GDM when they themselves become pregnant, perpetuating a multigenerational increased risk of metabolic disease. The negative effect of GDM is exacerbated by maternal obesity, which induces a greater derangement of fetal adipogenesis and growth. Multiple factors, including genetic, epigenetic and metabolic, which interact with lifestyle factors and the environment, are likely to contribute to the development of GDM. Genetic factors are particularly important, with 30% of women with GDM having at least one parent with T2D. Fetal epigenetic modifications occur in response to maternal GDM, and may mediate both multi- and transgenerational risk. Changes to the maternal metabolome in GDM are primarily related to fatty acid oxidation, inflammation and insulin resistance. These might be effective early biomarkers allowing the identification of women at risk of GDM prior to the development of hyperglycaemia. The impact of the intra-uterine environment on the developing fetus, "developmental programming", has a multisystem effect, but its influence on adipogenesis is particularly important as it will determine baseline insulin sensitivity, and the response to future metabolic challenges. Identifying the critical window of metabolic development and developing effective interventions are key to our ability to improve population metabolic health.
Generalized postpartum seizures and posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome; An 18-year-old primigravida was admitted to hospital at 41 weeks of gestation. She had gestational diabetes and hereditary thrombophilia. Delivery of the baby was by emergency C-section because of fetal bradycardia. The patient experienced postpartum spontaneous, general seizures. Computed tomography imaging showed no sign of intracerebral hemorrhage or sinus thrombosis. Posterior reversible leukoencephalopathy syndrome was diagnosed, which is often seen in patients with preeclampsia or eclampsia. Our patient, however, showed no other symptoms of preeclampsia or gestosis.
Effects of maternal obesity on antenatal, perinatal and neonatal outcomes; Objective: Obesity is critically important to maternal and fetal health during the perinatal period. We have detected an increasing prevalence of maternal obesity in recent years and investigated its complications during pregnancy. Methods: A total of 931 pregnant females were investigated between March 2012 and March 2013. The patients were divided into four groups: body mass index (BMI) 518.5 kg/m(2) was underweight, 18.5-24.9 kg/m(2) was normal weight, 25-29.9 kg/m(2) was overweight and >= 30 kg/m(2) was obese. The effects of obesity on fetal and maternal outcomes were investigated. Results: Significant increases in pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, cesarean delivery, premature rupture of membranes, shoulder dystocia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, abnormal heart rate pattern and postpartum infection rates were found in the obese group during the perinatal period. Adverse maternal effects in obese cases were significantly more frequent than those in normal-weight cases. Preterm birth, perinatal mortality, low APGAR scores, newborn intensive care unit requirement, hypoglycemia and macrosomia rates were significantly higher in obese cases than those in non-obese cases. However, low birth weight infant rate was higher in the low BMI cases than that in the other BMI categories (p < 0.01). Conclusion: We conclude that obesity is an important factor associated with pregnancy complications and the increase in maternal-fetal morbidity and mortality.
BENEFITS AND RISKS OF MODIFYING MATERNAL FAT INTAKE IN PREGNANCY AND LACTATION; The National Cholesterol Education Program recommends that healthy Americans aged >2 y reduce energy intake to maintain ideal body weight, saturated fat to 10% of energy, fat intake to 30% of energy, and cholesterol consumption to < 300 mg/d. Although these guidelines exclude pregnant or lactating women, nursing infants, and very young children, women with gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and familial hyperlipidemias may benefit from them. In a normal pregnancy, serum cholesterol and triglycerides rise 25-40% and 200-400%, respectively. Multiparous middle-aged women may have an increased incidence of angina and cholesterol gallstones from the hypercholesterolemia of pregnancy. Few studies support the safety of maternal low-fat diets for the developing fetus or demonstrate benefits to the mother. Polyunsaturated fatty acids lower serum lipids, and n-3 fatty acids may improve some obstetric complications. Arachidonic acid (20:4) and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6) may benefit the psychomotor and visual development of children.
Age-period-cohort effects in pre-existing and pregnancy-associated diseases amongst primiparous women; Background The average age at first birth is steadily increasing in developed countries; however, demographic shifts in maternal age at childbearing have not occurred in isolation. While temporal increases in adverse pregnancy outcomes are typically attributed to increases in maternal age, little is known about how maternal health status has changed across maternal age, period of delivery, and birth cohort. Methods Natality files were used to identify primiparous women delivering liveborn, singleton infants in the USA in 1989, 1994, 1999, 2004, 2009, and 2014 (n = 6,857,185). Age-period-cohort models using the intrinsic estimator adjusted for temporal trends in smoking and gestational weight gain were used to quantify temporal changes in the rates of pre-existing (chronic hypertension, pre-existing diabetes) and pregnancy-associated (pregnancy-associated hypertension, gestational diabetes, eclampsia) diseases. Log-linear models were used to model the impact of temporal changes on preterm birth, small, and large for gestational age (SGA/LGA) births. Results Significant period effects resulted in temporal increases in the rate of chronic hypertension, pregnancy-associated hypertension, and gestational diabetes, and a significant decrease in the rate of eclampsia. These observed period effects were associated with a 10.6% increase in the rate of SGA and a 7.1% decrease in LGA. Had the rate of pre-existing and pregnancy-associated diseases remained static over this time period, the rate of preterm birth would have increased by 5.9%, but instead only increased by 4.4%. Conclusions Independent of changes in the incidence of pre-existing and pregnancy-associated diseases as women age, the obstetric population is becoming less healthy over time. This is important, as these changes have a direct negative impact on short-term obstetric outcomes and women's long-term health.
Health Care-Related Economic Burden of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome in the United States: Pregnancy-Related and Long-Term Health Consequences; Context: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder of reproductive-aged women, affecting approximately 5% to 20% of women of reproductive age. The economic burden of PCOS was previously estimated at approximately $3.7 billion annually in 2020 USD when considering only the costs of the initial diagnosis and of reproductive endocrine morbidities, without considering the costs of pregnancy-related and long-term morbidities. Objective: This study aimed to estimate the excess prevalence and economic burden of pregnancy-related and long-term health morbidities attributable to PCOS. Methods: PubMed, EmBase, and Cochrane Library were searched, and studies were selected in which the diagnosis of PCOS was consistent with the Rotterdam, National Institutes of Health, or Androgen Excess and PCOS Society criteria, or that used electronic medical record diagnosis codes, or diagnosis based on histopathologic sampling. Studies that included an outcome of interest and a control group of non-PCOS patients who were matched or controlled for body mass index were included. Two investigators working independently extracted data on study characteristics and outcomes. Data were pooled using random effects meta-analysis. The I-2 statistic was used to assess inter-study heterogeneity. The quality of selected studies was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Results: The additional total healthcare-related economic burden of PCOS due to pregnancy-related and long-term morbidities in the United States is estimated to be $4.3 billion annually in 2020 USD. Conclusion: Together with our prior analysis, the economic burden of PCOS is estimated at $8 billion annually in 2020 USD.
Fetal Heart Monitor Tracing in a Pregnancy Complicated by a Ruptured Fetal Vessel on the Placenta <i>A Case Report</i>; BACKGROUND: This report describes the fetal heart rate (FHR) tracing ina pregnancy complicated by ante-hematoma. natal spontaneous rupture of fetal vessels on the placental surface that resulted in a live birth. CASE: A 36-year-old woman, G2P1001, was being followed with weekly antenatal testing for gestational diabetes type A2 on insulin with possible intrauterine growth restriction. She presented for an office visit at 37.5 weeks' gestation with a complaint of decreased fetal movement. The FHR pattern demonstrated minimal baseline variability with an occasional spontaneous deceleration not associated with a contraction, an absence of recurrent decelerations, and no accelerations. The antenatal evaluation is discussed, and portions of the FHR tracing and the placental findings at delivery are provided. CONCLUSION: The FHR pattern did not fit with what is usually depicted with uteroplacental insufficiency or umbilical cord entrapment. In addition, even though the fetus is anemic, the process may occur too quickly for a sinusoidal pattern to develop.
Adenosine receptors: Modulators of lipid availability that are controlled by lipid levels; Adenosine as well as agonists and antagonists for the four adenosine receptor subtypes (A1R, A2AR, A2BR and A3R) play a role in several key physiological and pathophysiological processes, including the regulation of vascular tone, thrombosis, immune response, inflammation, and angiogenesis. This review focuses on the adenosine-mediated regulation of lipid availability in the cell and in the systemic circulation as well in humans and animal models. Therefore, adenosine, mainly by acting on A1R, inhibits lipolysis activity, leading to reduction of the circulating fatty acid levels. This nucleoside can also participate in the early development of atherosclerosis by inhibiting the formation of foam cells via stimulation of cholesterol efflux through A2AR expressed on macrophages and reduction of the inflammatory process by activating A2AR and A2BR. Adenosine also appears to modulate intracellular cholesterol availability in Niemann-Pick type C1 disease and Alzheimer disease via A2AR and A3, respectively. Remarkably, the role of adenosine receptors in the regulation of plasma total cholesterol and triglyceride levels has been studied in animal models. Thus, an anti-atherogenic role for A2BR as well as a pro-atherogenic role of A2AR and A1 have been proposed; A3R has not been shown to participate in the control of lipid levels or the development of atherosclerosis. Surprisingly, and despite the role of A2A in the inhibition of foam cell formation among isolated cells, this receptor appears to be pro-atherogenic in mice. Remarkably, the role of adenosine receptors in human dyslipidaemia and atherosclerosis must to be elucidated. Additionally, it has been reported that increased lipid levels impair the effects of adenosine/adenosine receptors in controlling vascular tone, and we speculate on the possibility that this impairment could be due to alterations in the composition of the membrane microdomains where the adenosine receptors are located. Finally, a possible role for adenosine/adenosine receptors in the phenomena of dyslipidaemia in pregnancy has been proposed. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Use of Sex-Specific Factors in the Assessment of Women's Cardiovascular Risk; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women in the United States. As compared with men, women are less likely to be diagnosed appropriately, receive preventive care, or be treated aggressively for CVD. Sex differences between men and women have allowed for the identification of CVD risk factors and risk markers that are unique to women. The 2018 American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology Multi-Society cholesterol guideline and 2019 American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guideline on the primary prevention of CVD introduced the concept of risk-enhancing factors that are specific to women and are associated with an increased risk of incident atherosclerotic CVD in women. These factors, if present, would favor more intensified lifestyle interventions and consideration of initiation or intensification of statin therapy for primary prevention to mitigate the increased risk. In this primer, we highlight sex-specific CVD risk factors in women, stress the importance of eliciting a thorough obstetrical and gynecological history during cardiovascular risk assessment, and provide a framework for how to initiate appropriate preventive measures when sex-specific risk factors are present.
NuMoM2b Sleep-Disordered Breathing study: objectives and methods; OBJECTIVE: The objective of the Sleep Disordered Breathing substudy of the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study Monitoring Mothers-to-be (nuMoM2b) is to determine whether sleep disordered breathing during pregnancy is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: NuMoM2b is a prospective cohort study of 10,037 nulliparous women with singleton gestations that was conducted across 8 sites with a central Data Coordinating and Analysis Center. The Sleep Disordered Breathing substudy recruited 3702 women from the cohort to undergo objective, overnight in-home assessments of sleep disordered breathing. A standardized level 3 home sleep test was performed between 6(0) - 15(0) weeks' gestation (visit 1) and again between 22(0) - 31(0) weeks' gestation (visit 3). Scoring of tests was conducted by a central Sleep Reading Center. Participants and their health care providers were notified if test results met "urgent referral" criteria that were based on threshold levels of apnea hypopnea indices, oxygen saturation levels, or electrocardiogram abnormalities but were not notified of test results otherwise. The primary pregnancy outcomes to be analyzed in relation to maternal sleep disordered breathing are preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, fetal growth restriction, and preterm birth. RESULTS: Objective data were obtained at visit 1 on 3261 women, which was 88.1% of the studies that were attempted and at visit 3 on 2511 women, which was 87.6% of the studies that were attempted. Basic characteristics of the substudy cohort are reported in this methods article. CONCLUSION: The substudy was designed to address important questions regarding the relationship of sleep- disordered breathing on the risk of preeclampsia and other outcomes of relevance to maternal and child health.
Management of type 2 diabetes in young adults aged 18-30 years: ADS/ADEA/APEG consensus statement; Introduction Type 2 diabetes in young adults (nominally, 18-30 years of age) is a more aggressive condition than that seen in older age, with a greater risk of major morbidity and early mortality. This first Australian consensus statement on the management of type 2 diabetes in young adults considers areas where existing type 2 diabetes guidance, directed mainly towards older adults, may not be appropriate or relevant for the young adult population. Where applicable, recommendations are harmonised with current national guidance for type 2 diabetes in children and adolescents (aged < 18 years). The full statement is available at , and . Main recommendations Advice is provided on important aspects of care including screening, diabetes type, psychological care, lifestyle, glycaemic targets, pharmacological agents, cardiovascular disease risk management, comorbidity assessment, contraception and pregnancy planning, and patient-centred education. Special considerations for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australians are highlighted separately. Changes in management as a result of this statement Management recommendations for young adults, which differ from those for adults, include: screening for diabetes in young adults with overweight or obesity and additional risk factors, including in utero exposure to type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes mellitus; more stringent glucose targets (glycated haemoglobin <= 6.5% [<= 48 mmol/mol]); in the context of obesity or higher cardio-renal risk, glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists and sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors are preferred second line agents; beta-cell decline is more rapid, so frequent review, early treatment intensification and avoidance of therapeutic inertia are indicated; a blood pressure target of < 130/80 mmHg, as the adult target of <= 140/90 mmHg is too high; absolute cardiovascular disease risk calculators are not likely to be accurate in this age group; early statin use should therefore be considered; and a multidisciplinary model of care including an endocrinologist and a certified diabetes educator.
Pre-pregnancy check-up of maternal vascular status and associated phenotype is crucial for the health of mother and offspring; Cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of disease burden globally with far-reaching consequences including enormous socio-economic burden to healthcare and society at large. Cardiovascular health is decisive for reproductive function, healthy pregnancy and postpartum. During pregnancy, maternal cardiovascular system is exposed to highly increased haemodynamic stress that significantly impacts health status of the mother and offspring. Resulting from sub-optimal maternal health conditions overlooked in pre-pregnancy time, progressive abnormalities can be expected during pregnancy and postpartum. Contextually, there are two main concepts to follow in the framework of predictive, preventive and personalised medicine, namely to develop: 1. advanced screening of sub-optimal health conditions in young populations to predict and prevent individual health risks prior to planned pregnancies 2. in-depth companion diagnostics during pregnancy to predict and prevent long-lasting postpartum health risks of the mother and offspring. Data collected in the current study demonstrate group-specific complications to health of the mother and offspring and clinical relevance of the related phenotyping in pre-pregnant mothers. Diagnostic approach proposed in this study revealed its great clinical utility demonstrating important synergies between cardiovascular maladaptation and connective tissue dysfunction. Co-diagnosed pre-pregnancy low BMI of the mother, connective tissue dysfunction, increased stiffness of peripheral vessels and decreased blood pressure are considered a highly specific maternal phenotype useful for innovative screening programmes in young populations to predict and prevent severe risks to health of the mother and offspring. This crucial discovery brings together systemic effects characteristic, for example, for individuals with Flammer syndrome predisposed to the phenotype-specific primary vascular dysregulation, pregnancy-associated risks, normal tension glaucoma, ischemic stroke at young age, impaired wound healing and associated disorders. Proposed maternal phenotyping is crucial to predict and effectively protect both the mother and offspring against health-to-disease transition. Pre-pregnancy check-up focused on sub-optimal health and utilising here described phenotypes is pivotal for advanced health policy. Plain English abstract Cardiovascular health is decisive for reproductive function and healthy pregnancy. During pregnancy, maternal cardiovascular system may demonstrate health-to-disease transition relevant for the affected mother and offspring. Overlooked in pre-pregnancy time, progressive abnormalities can be expected during pregnancy and lifelong. Here we co-diagnosed maternal pre-pregnancy low bodyweight with systemic effects which may increase risks of pregnancy, eye and heart disorders and ischemic stroke at young age, amongst others. Innovative screening programmes focused on sub-optimal health in young populations to predict and to mitigate individual health risks prior to pregnancy is an essential innovation for health policy proposed.
Global status and trends of metabolomics in diabetes: A literature visualization knowledge graph study; BACKGROUND Diabetes is a metabolic disease characterized by hyperglycemia, which has increased the global medical burden and is also the main cause of death in most countries. AIM To understand the knowledge structure of global development status, research focus, and future trend of the relationship between diabetes and metabolomics in the past 20 years. METHODS The articles about the relationship between diabetes and metabolomics in the Web of Science Core Collection were retrieved from 2002 to October 23, 2023, and the relevant information was analyzed using CiteSpace6.2.2R (CiteSpace), VOSviewer6.1.18 (VOSviewer), and Bibliometrix software under R language. RESULTS A total of 3123 publications were included from 2002 to 2022. In the past two decades, the number of publications and citations in this field has continued to increase. The United States, China, Germany, the United Kingdom, and other relevant funds, institutions, and authors have significantly contributed to this field. Scientific Reports and PLoS One are the journals with the most publications and the most citations. Through keyword co-occurrence and cluster analysis, the closely related keywords are "insulin resistance", "risk", "obesity", "oxidative stress", "metabolomics", "metabolites" and "biomarkers". Keyword clustering included cardiovascular disease, gut microbiota, metabonomics, diabetic nephropathy, molecular docking, gestational diabetes mellitus, oxidative stress, and insulin resistance. Burst detection analysis of keyword depicted that "Gene", "microbiota", "validation", "kidney disease", "antioxidant activity", "untargeted metabolomics", "management", and "accumulation" are knowledge frontiers in recent years. CONCLUSION The relationship between metabolomics and diabetes is receiving extensive attention. Diabetic nephropathy, diabetic cardiovascular disease, and kidney disease are key diseases for future research in this field. Gut microbiota, molecular docking, and untargeted metabolomics are key research directions in the future. Antioxidant activity, gene, validation, mass spectrometry, management, and accumulation are at the forefront of knowledge frontiers in this field.
Clinical Practice Guidelines That Address Physical Activity and Exercise During Pregnancy: A Systematic Review; Introduction Physical activity is recommended for healthy pregnant women. Clinical practice guidelines vary with regard to initial time, duration, or type of physical activity that is recommended, which is confusing for health care professionals and pregnant women alike. This study aimed to appraise clinical guidelines relevant to physical activity for pregnant women and summarize consensus and discrepant recommendations. Methods The websites of organizations that develop guidelines including those of obstetricians, gynecologists, midwives, and medical sports associations were searched in addition to 9 literature databases for the period from January 2010 through November 2020. Guidelines were included if they were published in a journal or on a website in English or Chinese; were labeled as a recommendation guideline, position paper, practice parameter, or consensus statement; and addressed physical activity for pregnant women. Two authors independently extracted recommendations. Four reviewers independently assessed guideline quality using the AGREE II instrument. Results Thirteen guidelines met the inclusion criteria. The guidelines developed by the World Health Organization and the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence were deemed to have the highest methodological quality. The recommendations were consistent with regard to recommended exercise duration, frequency, intensity, and type of physical activity. The main discrepant recommendations included best tools for conducting pre-exercise screening and assessing intensity of exertion. Guidelines also differ on optimal heart rate during exercise, when in pregnancy to initiate an exercise regimen, and duration or frequency of strengthening exercises. Discussion Of the 13 guidelines, 2 were found to have good methodological quality. The recommendations that were consistent across the differing guidelines can support health care providers in counseling women about physical activity during pregnancy. The recommendations that are discrepant among these guidelines may contribute to confusion and a reluctance to recommend exercise during pregnancy. Research is needed to clarify discrepant recommendations.
Assessment of Cardiovascular Risk and Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Women with the Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Consensus Statement by the Androgen Excess and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (AE-PCOS) Society; Objective: Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) often have cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. The Androgen Excess and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (AE-PCOS) Society created a panel to provide evidence-based reviews of studies assessing PCOS-CVD risk relationships and to develop guidelines for preventing CVD. Participants: An expert panel in PCOS and CVD reviewed literature and presented recommendations. Evidence: Only studies comparing PCOS with control patients were included. All electronic databases were searched; reviews included individual studies/databases, systematic reviews, abstracts, and expert data. Articles were excluded if other hyperandrogenic disorders were not excluded, PCOS diagnosis was unclear, controls were not described, or methodology precluded evaluation. Inclusion/exclusion criteria were confirmed by at least two reviewers and arbitrated by a third. Consensus Process: Systematic reviews of CVD risk factors were compiled and submitted for approval to the AE-PCOS Society Board. Conclusions: Women with PCOS with obesity, cigarette smoking, dyslipidemia, hypertension, impaired glucose tolerance, and subclinical vascular disease are at risk, whereas those with metabolic syndrome and/or type 2 diabetes mellitus are at high risk for CVD. Body mass index, waist circumference, serum lipid/glucose, and blood pressure determinations are recommended for all women with PCOS, as is oral glucose tolerance testing in those with obesity, advanced age, personal history of gestational diabetes, or family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Mood disorder assessment is suggested in all PCOS patients. Lifestyle management is recommended for primary CVD prevention, targeting low-density and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and adding insulin-sensitizing and other drugs if dyslipidemia or other risk factors persist. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 95: 2038-2049, 2010)
Predicting adverse perinatal outcomes with fetal modified myocardial performance index and epicardial fat tissue thickness in diabetes-complicated pregnancies; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate fetal modified myocardial performance index (mod-MPI) and fetal epicardial fat tissue (EFT) thickness and its association with adverse perinatal outcomes in diabetic pregnant women.PATIENTS AND METHODS: This was a prospective case-control study including 90 gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 45 pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and 90 healthy pregnant women (control group). Two-dimensional gray-scale and Doppler fetal echocardiography were used to calculate the mod-MPI. EFT thickness was measured in the hypoecho-genic area between the myocardium and the visceral pericardium on the right ventricle by distinguishing it from the pericardial fluid by Doppler ultrasound. RESULTS: Both mod-MPI values and EFT thickness were significantly higher in diabetic pregnant women (p<0.001; for both). No significant differences were observed in mod-MPI values and EFT thickness between pregnant women with GDM and PGDM. In addition, there was no significant difference in fetal mod-MPI values and EFT thicknesses among diabetic pregnant women based on their treatment requirements. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve revealed that mod-MPI value (cut-off 0.54, 95% CI: 0.629-0.837, p<0.001, sensitivity 64.6%, specificity 61.7%) and EFT thickness (cut-off 1.85 mm, 95% CI: 0.524-0.750, p=0.014, sensitivity 65.8%, specificity 63.9%) could predict adverse neonatal outcomes in diabetic pregnant women. Multivariate regression analysis revealed that both mod-MPI (p=0.003) and EFT thickness (p=0.008) were independently associated with adverse outcomes.CONCLUSIONS: Fetal mod-MPI values and EFT thickness increase in pregnancies complicated by diabetes, and these measurements may serve as valuable predictors of adverse perinatal outcomes.
Association of elevated free fatty acids during late pregnancy with preterm delivery; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between moderately elevated maternal plasma free fatty acids (FFAs) during late pregnancy and preterm delivery. METHODS: In a prospective observational cohort with 523 healthy pregnant women, fasting plasma FFAs were measured during the third trimester. Socioeconomic, demographic, and anthropometric measures were collected at entry to prenatal care, and pregnancy outcomes were abstracted from medical record at delivery. RESULTS: After control for confounders including prepregnant body mass index (multiple logistic regression analysis), women who had moderately elevated plasma FFAs (in the highest tertile), showed a greater than threefold increased risk of preterm delivery (adjusted odds ratio (AOR) 3.49, 95% (CI) 1.73-7.03, P < .001). The associations persisted in women who had spontaneous preterm delivery (AOR 2.35, 95% CI 1.05-5.28, P < .05) and after excluding women with gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia (AOR 3.30, 95% CI 1.38-7.87, P < .61). Additional stratified analyses showed that the association of high maternal FFAs and increased risk of preterm delivery was independent of prepregnant obesity. CONCLUSION: Elevated fasting plasma FFA levels at 30 weeks of gestation were associated with an increased risk of preterm delivery. This effect was independent of prepregnant obesity and several other known risk factors for preterm delivery, including cigarette smoking, ethnicity, and prior preterm delivery. These data may have important clinical significance because they provide a possible link between preterm delivery and high lipid levels, a known risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
Relative uteroplacental insufficiency of labor; Relative uteroplacental insufficiency of labor (RUPI-L) is a clinical condition that refers to alterations in the fetal oxygen "demand-supply" equation caused by the onset of regular uterine activity. The term RUPI-L indicates a condition of "relative" uteroplacental insufficiency which is relative to a specific stressful circumstance, such as the onset of regular uterine activity. RUPI-L may be more prevalent in fetuses in which the ratio between the fetal oxygen supply and demand is already slightly reduced, such as in cases of subclinical placental insufficiency, post-term pregnancies, gestational diabetes, and other similar conditions. Prior to the onset of regular uterine activity, fetuses with a RUPI-L may present with normal features on the cardiotocography. However, with the onset of uterine contractions, these fetuses start to manifest abnormal fetal heart rate patterns which reflect the attempt to maintain adequate perfusion to essential central organs during episodes of transient reduction in oxygenation. If labor is allowed to continue without an appropriate intervention, progressively more frequent, and stronger uterine contractions may result in a rapid deterioration of the fetal oxygenation leading to hypoxia and acidosis. In this Commentary, we introduce the term relative uteroplacental insufficiency of labor and highlight the pathophysiology, as well as the common features observed in the fetal heart rate tracing and clinical implications.
Level and intensity of objectively assessed physical activity among pregnant women from urban Ethiopia; Background: Women in low-income countries are generally considered to have a high physical workload which is sustained during pregnancy. Although most previous studies have been based on questionnaires a recent meta-analysis of doubly labeled water data has raised questions about the actual amount of physical activity performed. In this study we report objectively assessed levels of physical activity, cardiorespiratory fitness and muscular fitness among pregnant urban Ethiopian women, and their association with demographic characteristics and anthropometric measures. Methods: Physical activity was measured for seven consecutive days in 304 women using a combined uniaxial accelerometer and heart rate sensor. Activity energy expenditure was determined using a group calibration in a branched equation model framework. Type and duration of activities were reported using a 24-hour physical activity recall and grip strength was assessed using a dynamometer. Results: Median (interquartile-range, IQR) activity energy expenditure was 31.1 (23.7-42.0) kJ/kg/day corresponding to a median (IQR) physical activity level of 1.46 (1.39-1.58). Median (IQR) time in sedentary, light, and moderate-to-vigorous intensity was 1100 (999-1175), 303 (223-374) and 40 (22-69) min/day, respectively. Mean (standard deviation) sleeping heart rate was 73.6 (8.0) beats/min and grip strength was 21.6 (4.5) kg. Activity energy expenditure was 14% higher for every 10 cm(2) difference in arm muscle area and 10% lower for every 10 cm2 difference in arm fat area and 10-week difference in gestational age. Conclusion: The level and intensity of physical activity among pregnant women from urban Ethiopia is low compared to non-pregnant women from other low income countries as well as pregnant European women from high-income countries.
The Standard-Dose Heparin-Warfarin Remedy Partially Resolves Thrombi in the Right Superior Pulmonary Vein and Left Atrium and Ameliorates Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Pulmonary vein thrombosis is common and underdiagnosed. Previously, we reported several cases of pulmonary vein thrombi (PVTs) using cardiac computed tomography (CT) and transesophageal echocardiography (TEE). We reported that warfarin and direct oral anticoagulants (DOACs) partially resolved PVTs; however, it is difficult to resolve all PVTs completely. Therefore, we evaluated the effects of standard -dose heparinwarfarin remedy on PVTs and left atrium (LA) thrombi using TEE and cardiac CT. A 64 -year -old male with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and hypertension was assessed for thrombi in the LA and pulmonary veins using TEE and 80 -slice multidetector computed tomography (80-MDCT). After one month of standard -dose heparin-warfarin remedy, the patient's right superior pulmonary vein (RSPV) thrombi and expanded LA thrombi from the RSPV thrombi had partially resolved. The RSPV thrombi and the expanded LA thrombi from the RSPV thrombi were detected using cardiac CT and TEE; however, they were depicted as black areas on TEE. They periodically moved inward with the patient's heartbeats. Additionally, the standard -dose heparin-warfarin remedy ameliorated the patient's T2DM, and the remedy effect could be maintained for five months to some extent by administering a standard dose of warfarin. The standard -dose heparin-warfarin remedy can ameliorate not only T2DM but also diabetic complications such as diabetic nephropathy and gestational diabetes mellitus.
Preeclampsia Across Pregnancies and Associated Risk Factors: Findings From a High-Risk US Birth Cohort; Background Preeclampsia increases women's risks for maternal morbidity and future cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to identify opportunities for prevention by examining the association between cardiometabolic risk factors and preeclampsia across 2 pregnancies among women in a high-risk US birth cohort. Methods and Results Our sample included 618 women in the Boston Birth Cohort with index and subsequent pregnancy data collected using standard protocols. We conducted log-binomial univariate regression models to examine the association between preeclampsia in the subsequent pregnancy (defined as incident or recurrent preeclampsia) and cardiometabolic risk factors (ie, obesity, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, low birth weight, and gestational diabetes mellitus) diagnosed before and during the index pregnancy, and between index and subsequent pregnancies. At the subsequent pregnancy, 7% (36/540) had incident preeclampsia and 42% (33/78) had recurrent preeclampsia. Compared with women without obesity, women with obesity had greater risk of incident preeclampsia (unadjusted risk ratio [RR], 2.2 [95% CI, 1.1-4.5]) and recurrent preeclampsia (unadjusted RR, 3.1 [95% CI, 1.5-6.7]). Preindex pregnancy chronic hypertension and diabetes mellitus were associated with incident, but not recurrent, preeclampsia (hypertension unadjusted RR, 7.9 [95% CI, 4.1-15.3]; diabetes mellitus unadjusted RR, 5.2 [95% CI, 2.5-11.1]. Women with new interpregnancy hypertension versus those without had a higher risk of incident and recurrent preeclampsia (incident preeclampsia unadjusted RR, 6.1 [95% CI, 2.9-13]); recurrent preeclampsia unadjusted RR, 2.4 [95% CI, 1.5-3.9]). Conclusions In this diverse sample of high-risk US women, we identified modifiable and treatable risk factors, including obesity and hypertension for the prevention of preeclampsia.
Call to action for a life course approach; Gestational diabetes remains the most common medical disorder in pregnancy, with short-term and long-term consequences for mothers and offspring. New insights into pathophysiology and management suggest that the current gestational diabetes treatment approach should expand from a focus on late gestational diabetes to a personalised, integrated life course approach from preconception to postpartum and beyond. Early pregnancy lifestyle intervention could prevent late gestational diabetes. Early gestational diabetes diagnosis and treatment has been shown to be beneficial, especially when identified before 14 weeks of gestation. Early gestational diabetes screening now requires strategies for integration into routine antenatal care, alongside efforts to reduce variation in gestational diabetes care, across settings that differ between, and within, countries. Following gestational diabetes, an oral glucose tolerance test should be performed 6-12 weeks postpartum to assess the glycaemic state. Subsequent regular screening for both dysglycaemia and cardiometabolic disease is recommended, which can be incorporated alongside other family health activities. Diabetes prevention programmes for women with previous gestational diabetes might be enhanced using shared decision making and precision medicine. At all stages in this life course approach, across both high-resource and low-resource settings, a more systematic process for identifying and overcoming barriers to preventative care and treatment is needed to reduce the current global burden of gestational diabetes.
Pregnancy: a stress test for life; Purpose of review This review describes how the physiological demands of pregnancy act as a maternal stress test that can predict a woman's health in later life. Pregnancy transiently catapults a woman into a metabolic syndrome that predisposes to vascular endothelial dysfunction. Women who are already predisposed to this phenotype develop gestational hypertension or diabetes mellitus, which re-emerge in later life as the metabolic syndrome returns. Pregnancy can also temporarily unmask sub-clinical disease, which may return in later life when the effects of ageing diminish the limited reserves of a vulnerable organ. Recent findings Recent studies have attempted to assess how gestational syndromes affect the risk for a woman of developing a diverse range of diseases in later life. As well as cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus, pregnancy can reveal a vulnerability to thyroid and pituitary disorders, liver and renal disease, depression, thrombosis and even cancer. Summary Although our knowledge of this phenomenon is incomplete, women who have had gestational syndromes, in particular pregnancy-induced hypertension/preeclampsia or gestational diabetes, should make lifestyle changes that will reduce their risk of cardiovascular disease in later life.
Effect of hyperglycemia on <i>tbx5a</i> and <i>nppa</i> gene expression and its correlation to structural and functional changes in developing zebrafish heart; The objective of the current study is to analyze the effects of gestational diabetes on structural and functional changes in correlation with these two essential regulators of developing hearts in vivo using zebrafish embryos. We employed fertilized zebrafish embryos exposed to a hyperglycemic condition of 25 mM glucose for 96 h postfertilization. The embryos were subjected to various structural and functional analyses in a time-course manner. The data showed that exposure to high glucose significantly affected the embryo's size, heart length, heart rate, and looping of the heart compared to the control. Further, we observed an increased incidence of ventricular standstill and valvular regurgitation with a marked reduction of peripheral blood flow in the high glucose-exposed group compared to the control. In addition, the histological data showed that the high-glucose exposure markedly reduced the thickness of the wall and the number of cardiomyocytes in both atrium and ventricles. We also observed striking alterations in the pericardium like edema, increase in diameter with thinning of the wall compared to the control group. Interestingly, the expression of tbx5a and nppa was increased in the early development and found to be repressed in the later stage of development in the hyperglycemic group compared to the control. In conclusion, the developing heart is more susceptible to hyperglycemia in the womb, thereby showing various developmental defects possibly by altering the expression of crucial gene regulators such as tbx5a and nppa.
Diabetes in pregnancy and risk of near-miss, maternal mortality and foetal outcomes in the USA: a retrospective cross-sectional analysis; Background The prevalence of diabetes in pregnant women has increased in the USA over recent decades. The primary aim of this study was to assess the association between diabetes in pregnancy and maternal near-miss incident, maternal mortality and selected adverse foetal outcomes. Methods We conducted a retrospective, cross-sectional analysis among pregnancy-related hospitalizations in USA between 2002 and 2014. We examined the association between DM and GDM as exposures and maternal in-hospital mortality, maternal cardiac arrest, early onset of delivery, poor foetal growth and stillbirth as the outcome variables. Results Among the 57.3 million pregnant women in the study population, the prevalence of GDM and DM was 5.4 and 1.3%, respectively. We found that pregnant women with DM were three times more likely to experience cardiac arrest (OR = 3.21; 95% CI = 2.57-4.01) and in-hospital maternal death (OR = 3.05; 95% CI = 2.45-3.79), as compared to those without DM. Among pregnant women with GDM and DM, the risk for early onset of delivery was higher, compared to women without GDM or DM. Conclusion A diagnosis of diabetes prior to pregnancy contributes significantly to the risk of maternal cardiac arrest, maternal mortality and adverse foetal outcomes.
Platelet aggregation and serum adenosine deaminase (ADA) activity in pregnancy associated with diabetes, hypertension and HIV; Platelet aggregation and adenosine deaminase (ADA) activity were evaluated in pregnant women living with some disease conditions including hypertension, diabetes mellitus and human immunodeficiency virus infection. The subject population is consisted of 15 non-pregnant healthy women [control group (CG)], 15 women with normal pregnancy (NP), 7 women with hypertensive pregnancy (HP), 10 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 12 women with human immunodeficiency virus-infected pregnancy (HIP) groups. The aggregation of platelets was checked using an optical aggregometer, and serum ADA activity was determined using the colorimetric method. After the addition of 5 mu M of agonist adenosine diphosphate, the percentage of platelet aggregation was significantly (p < 0.05) increased in NP, HP, GDM and HIP groups when compared with the CG, while the addition of 10 mu M of the same agonist caused significant (p < 0.05) elevations in HP, GDM and HIP groups when compared with CG. Furthermore, ADA activity was significantly (p < 0.05) enhanced in NP, HP, GDM and HIP groups when compared with CG. In this study, the increased platelet aggregation and ADA activity in pregnancy and pregnancy-associated diseases suggest that platelet aggregation and ADA activity could serve as peripheral markers for the development of effective therapy in the maintenance of homeostasis and some inflammatory process in these pathophysiological conditions. Copyright (C) 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
COFFEE, CAFFEINE, AND ITS EFFECTS ON CARDIOVASCULAR HEALTH AND MATERNAL HEALTH; Caffeine is the principal active component of coffee and the effects of coffee consumption are mainly associated to this component. Caffeine is a methyixanthine which acts as antagonist of adenine receptors at the nervous system. A great number of health effects, both beneficial and detrimental, have been associated to caffeine consumption: such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity, hepatic cirrhosis, hepatocellular carcinoma, are included as the main targets. The present work reviews two of the main concerns about coffee and caffeine consumption: cardiovascular disease and maternal health (perinatal period). The general conclusion is that caffeine consumption up to 300 mg/day does not constitute a risk of myocardial infarction, hypertension, or modification of cardiovascular risk markers such as reactive C protein or homocysteine plasmatic levels. Similar conclusions are reached about the maternal health. Moderate caffeine consumption (300 mg/day or less) does not constitute a major risk of less conception, increased gestational diabetes, decrease fetal growth, or congenital defects. However, absence of risk may not be interpreted as a signal to stimulate coffee consumption during pregnancy. Future mothers, which are moderated coffee consumers, may be suggested to continue this consumption during pregnancy, but under medical supervision.
Demographic influence on maternal weight gain during pregnancy: where will we end up?; PurposeMaternal obesity is one of the most commonly occurring risk factors in obstetrics. Complications, such as gestational diabetes, venous thromboembolism, preeclampsia and many more, exist far more often in obese women than in pregnant women of normal weight.MethodsChanges in maternal weight gain during pregnancy were analysed in Schleswig-Holstein between 1995 and 1997 and between 2004 and 2009. Between 1995 and 1997 data were drawn from 74,000 singleton pregnancies and between 2004 and 2009 from 118,000 pregnancies. The data centre of the University of Rostock performed the statistical analysis.ResultsMaternal weight at the time of first consultation with proof of pregnancy was 67.6kg in 1995 and increased to 70.7kg in 2009. This means an absolute difference of 3.1kg. Maternal weight at the time of delivery changed from 80.8 to 84.9kg in the same period. This is an absolute difference of 4.1kg. Body weight is higher in 2009 than in 1995 across nearly all age groups. Even in younger women (aged 17years and over) differences in weight can be registered. The obesity rate (BMI30) in relation to maternal age was also analysed. In general, the rate of obesity is higher in 2009 than in 1995 across all age groups.ConclusionsThese results show an increase in maternal weight gain during pregnancy over the last decades. However, the change in maternal weight is not dependent upon maternal age. The weight differences are consistent across nearly all age groups. Thus, age is not a risk factor for overweight and obesity.
Development, validation, and clinical utility of a risk prediction model for recurrent preeclampsia; Objectives:We aim to establish a predictive model for recurrent preeclampsia.Methods:A retrospective review of medical records from three hospitals between 2010 and 2021 was conducted. The study included women who had two consecutive singleton deliveries at the same hospital, with the first delivery complicated by preeclampsia. A multivariable logistic regression model was constructed using a training cohort, and subsequently cross-validated and tested using an independent cohort. The model's performance was assessed in terms of discrimination and calibration, and its clinical utility was evaluated using decision curve analysis (DCA).Results:Among 296405 deliveries, 694 women met the inclusion criteria, with 151 (21.8%) experiencing recurrent preeclampsia. The predictive model incorporated 10 risk factors from previous preeclampsia, including gestational weeks with elevated blood pressure, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pericardial effusion, heart failure, limb edema, serum creatinine, white blood cell count, low platelet counts within one week before delivery, SBP on the first postpartum day, and postpartum antihypertensive use. Additionally, one risk factor from the index pregnancy was included, which was antihypertensive use before 20weeks. The model demonstrated better discrimination, calibration, and a net benefit across a wide range of recurrent preeclampsia risk thresholds. Furthermore, the model has been translated into a clinical risk calculator, enabling clinicians to calculate individualized risks of recurrent preeclampsia.Conclusion:Our study demonstrates that a predictive tool utilizing routine clinical and laboratory factors can accurately estimate the risk of recurrent preeclampsia. This predictive model has the potential to facilitate shared decision-making by providing personalized and risk-stratified care.
Early-Life Predictors of Systolic Blood Pressure Trajectories From Infancy to Adolescence: Findings From Project Viva; Childhood blood pressure (BP) is a strong predictor of later risk of cardiovascular disease. However, few studies have assessed dynamic BP trajectories throughout the early-life period. We investigated the relationship between early-life factors and systolic BP (SBP) from infancy to adolescence using linear spline mixed-effects models among 1,370 children from Project Viva, a Boston, Massachusetts-area cohort recruited in 1999-2002. After adjusting for confounders and child height, we observed higher SBP in children exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (vs. normoglycemia; age 3 years: beta = 3.16 mm Hg (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.28, 6.04); age 6 years: beta = 1.83 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.06, 3.60)), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (vs. normal maternal BP; age 6 years: beta = 1.39 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.10, 2.67); age 9 years: beta = 1.84 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.34, 3.34); age 12 years: beta = 1.70 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.48, 2.92)), higher neonatal SBP (per 10-mm Hg increase; age 3 years: beta = 1.26 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.42, 2.09); age 6 years: beta = 1.00 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.49, 1.51); age 9 years: beta = 0.75 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.17, 1.33)), and formula milk in the first 6 months of life (vs. breast milk only; age 12 years: beta = 2.10 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.46, 3.74); age 15 years: beta = 3.52 mm Hg (95% CI: 1.40, 5.64); age 18 years: beta = 4.94 mm Hg (95% CI: 1.88, 7.99)). Our findings provide evidence of programming of offspring SBP trajectories by gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and formula milk intake and of neonatal BP being a potentially useful marker of childhood BP. These factors could be relevant in identifying children who are at risk of developing elevated BP.
Dietary fibre intake among different Croups of patients as compared to recommendations; Dietary fibre provides many health benefits, including reducing risk of the development of coronary heart disease, diabetes, hypertension, obesity, stroke and some gastrointestinal disorders. The purpose of this study was to analyse the intake of dietary fibre among different groups of patients and to compare it to the recommended value. The study population consists of 1056 ambulatory patients provided by dieticians from Department of Dietetics from Warsaw University of Life Sciences. Very low intake of dietary fibre was found among haemodialysis patients (13.1 +/- 5.3), and those with celiac disease (16.0 +/- 5.2), and with dyspepsia (18.5 +/- 6.7). Unexpectedly high intake of dietary fibre was observed in patients suffering from chronic pancreatitis (24.6 +/- 8.1). Diet of pregnant women with gestational diabetes contained on average 20 g of dietary fibre per day and 16 g/1000 kcal. Education of the general population as well as individual counselling for patients concerning dietary fibre is necessary to realize an adequate intake of this macronutrient.
CARDIOVASCULAR MORBIDITY OF INFANTS OF DIABETIC MOTHERS AND ITS ASSOCIATION WITH MATERNAL GLYCAEMIC CONTROL ACCORDING TO HbA1c; BACKGROUND Maternal diabetes mellitus is a relatively common disease that complicates pregnancy and results in an increased incidence of congenital malformations, predominantly congenital heart disease. Glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) is accepted as an indicator of glycaemic control and correlates with increased risk of congenital anomalies. There is lack of enough studies in India addressing the relationship between the level of glycaemic control in diabetic pregnancy and the incidence of congenital cardiac anomalies. The objective of this study was to determine the cardiovascular morbidity of infants of diabetic mother and to study the association between the maternal glycaemic control according to HbA1c and the cardiac status of the baby. Another objective was to estimate the frequency of various congenital heart defects in such infants. We also looked at possible relationship between variables like birth weight of the neonates and the need for insulin to control maternal diabetes and incidence of congenital heart disease. Design-Descriptive study. Setting-Tertiary care government medical college hospital in Kerala catering to urban and rural population belonging predominantly to the lower socio-economic strata. MATERIALS AND METHODS All the antenatal women with positive Glucose Tolerance Test (GTT) admitted over a period of 8 months were included in the study. They were interviewed using a semistructured questionnaire and HbA1c testing was done within the third postnatal day. The cardiological status of the babies was assessed clinically and by ECHO within the first week after birth. RESULTS Out of total 71 diabetic women, 68(96%) had gestational diabetes and 3(4%) had overt diabetes; 14 babies (20%) were large for gestational age and 4(5%) were small for gestational age; 47.8% of Infants of Diabetic Mothers (IDMs) had congenital heart disease and 9.9% had Asymmetric Septal Hypertrophy (ASH). Among the Congenital Heart Diseases (CHD), maximum were Atrial Septal Defects (ASD) followed by Ventricular Septal Defects (VSD) and Patent Ductus Arteriosus (PDA). The mean birth weight in the group with CHD was significantly higher at 3.22 Kg as against 2.89 Kg. The presence of ASH had statistically significant association with higher HbA1c. CONCLUSION This study emphasises the higher frequency of CHD among infants of diabetic mother, ASD being the most common heart disease detected. There was statistically significant association between elevated postnatal HbA1c and diabetic cardiomyopathy.
Renal function during pregnancy may predict risk of future hospitalization due to atherosclerotic-related morbidity; AimThis study aims to examine whether renal function during pregnancy can serve as a surrogate marker for the risk of developing atherosclerotic-related morbidity. MethodsA case-control study, including women who gave birth at a tertiary referral medical centre during 2000-2012. This population was divided into cases of women who were subsequently hospitalized for atherosclerotic morbidity during the study period and age-matched controls. From the study population, we retrieved two groups: the creatinine (Cr) group: women who had at least one Cr measurement (4945 women) and the urea group: women who had at least one urea measurement (4932 women) during their pregnancies. In the Cr and urea group, there were 572 and 571 cases and 4373 and 4361 controls, respectively. The mean follow-up period in the Cr and urea group was 61.737.0 and 57.336.0 months, respectively. Cox proportional hazards models (controlling for confounders: gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, obesity, maternal age, creatinine level (for urea), and gestational week) were used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for hospitalizations. ResultsA significant association was documented between renal function during pregnancy and long-term atherosclerotic morbidity. Multivariate analysis, showed that Cr at pregnancy index of 89mol/L was associated with a significant increased risk for hospitalization due to cardiovascular (CVS) events (adjusted HR=2.91 CI 1.37-6.19 P=0.005) and urea level 7mmol/L was independently associated with reduced prevalence of CVS hospitalization (adjusted HR=0.62 CI 0.57-0.86 P=0.001). ConclusionRenal function abnormality during pregnancy may reveal occult predisposition to atherosclerotic morbidity years after childbirth.
UNUSUAL CLUSTERING OF DISEASES IN A CANADIAN OLD COLONY (CHORTITZA) MENNONITE KINDRED AND COMMUNITY; We investigated a large Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonite kindred with branches across Canada. Six generations of the kindred were traced. There was intermarriage among numerous family members. Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) was identified in 10 members; all 7 living patients were found to carry the immunogenetic marker HLA-DR4. Nine other close relatives had disorders of carbohydrate metabolism, including gestational diabetes mellitus and noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus  progressing to insulin use. Ten other relatives had autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism and multiple sclerosis. Cases of Alport''s syndrome, congenital malformations, inborn errors of metabolism and unusual malignant diseases were also found in the kindred. In the small Alberta community in which the kindred was ascertained there were people of Old Colony Mennonite descent with genetic conditions such as Gilles de la Tourette''s syndrome and  congenital malformations, including congenital heart disease. This kindred represents the largest reported familial aggregation of IDDM. This disease and other disorders of carbohydrate metabolism occur in the context of a strong familial predisposition to autoimmune disease. Study of this family may permit empiric testing of proposed models of inheritance of disease of complex origin such as IDDM. We report this Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonite community because it is one of the settlements  populated by this religious and genetic isolate, which extends across Canada and Central and South America and affords opportunities for the study of both common and rare inherited diseases.
Maternal Exposure to Housing Renovation During Pregnancy and Risk of Offspring with Congenital Malformation: The Japan Environment and Children's Study; There have been no large, nationwide, birth cohort studies in Japan examining the effects of house renovation during pregnancy on congenital abnormality. This study examined the impact of (1) prenatal exposure to house renovation and (2) maternal occupational exposure to organic solvents and/or formaldehyde on the incidence of congenital abnormality. The fixed data of 67,503 singleton births from a large national birth cohort study that commenced in 2011 were used to evaluate the presence of congenital abnormalities and potential confounding factors. We employed multiple logistic regression analysis to search for correlations between maternal exposure to house renovation or organic solvents and/or formaldehyde during pregnancy and such congenital abnormalities as congenital heart disease, cleft lip and/or palate, male genital abnormality, limb defect, and gastrointestinal obstruction. After controlling for potential confounding factors, we observed that house renovation was significantly associated with male genital abnormality (OR 1.81, 95% CI 1.03-3.17, P = 0.04) when stratified by congenital abnormality, with no other remarkable relations to house renovation or occupational use of organic solvents and/or formaldehyde during pregnancy. There were also significant correlations for maternal BMI before pregnancy, history of ovulation induction through medication, maternal diabetes mellitus/gestational diabetes mellitus, and hypertensive disorder of pregnancy with an increased risk of congenital abnormality. In conclusion, this large nationwide survey provides important information on a possible association of house renovation during pregnancy with congenital male genital abnormality which needs confirmation in future studies.
Mermaid syndrome: Rare genetic anomaly; Mermaid syndrome (Sirenomelia) is a rare fatal congenital anomaly. The prevalence is reported to be 1 in 100,000 births. The baby appears to have a fish-like tail and joined legs featuring a mermaid at the time of birth or during antenatal screening. Most of these patients die shortly after birth, denoting rare survival rate. Gastrointestinal and genitourinary obstruction with single umbilical artery are the clinical symptoms. Two important hypotheses support the Sirenomelia disorder: the artery steal hypothesis, called the vitelline artery, and the blastogenesis defect hypothesis. There is no known reason for MS, but certain risk factors need to be identified, which include mother aged more than 40 years or less than 20 years at the time of giving birth, cousin marriage, exposure to teratogenic agents, and family history. A case of this rare congenital disorder was seen in Civil Hospital Faisalabad, Pakistan, which was referred from Duniyapur, District Lodhran, Pakistan. The neonate presented with fused lower limbs, congenital heart disease, and high-grade fever. The mother had a history of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension. The baby had fused legs, unidentified internal and external genital system, thumbs anomaly, bile in vomit, and despite life-saving efforts, the patient expired after five days of birth. There is lack of information regarding symptoms and a lack of prenatal screening for MS. Hence, there is a need to create awareness among health care professionals to identify the disease on screening for early diagnosis.
Which healthy lifestyle habits mitigate the risk of obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors in Caucasian children exposed to <i>in utero</i> adverse gestational factors?; Background and aims: This study explored if lifestyle habits [physical activity (PA), sleep duration, intake of fruits and vegetables, grains, and dairy products] can moderate the positive associations between prenatal exposure to suboptimal gestational factors (SGF: i.e. gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders during pregnancy, maternal smoking during pregnancy) and obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors in children. Methods and results: Data from the "Quebec Adiposity and Lifestyle Investigation in Youth" (QUALITY) study collected between 2005 - 2008 in Montreal and Quebec City, were used. Analyses included a sample of 619 children aged 8-10 years. Children's PA and sleep duration were obtained using an accelerometer and daily servings of food were assessed using three 24 h diet recalls. Moderation analyses were performed to investigate if each lifestyle habit, in all children, and in boys and girls, could reduce the positive associations between SGF, and obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors. High LPA duration was protective against low levels of HDL cholesterol in boys who were exposed to more than one SGF (p = 0.005). Sleep duration did not have a protective effect respectively against high waist circumference and obesity in children and girls who were prenatally exposed to maternal smoking during pregnancy. Diet and MVPA did not moderate the positive associations between SGF, obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors in children. Conclusion: Among the three lifestyle habits, only LPA had a protective effect against low levels of HDL-cholesterol in boys. More studies are needed to confirm these results to inform future lifestyle intervention in this population. (C) 2020 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Association of Pregnancy Complications and Characteristics With Future Risk of Elevated Blood Pressure The Vasterbotten Intervention Program; Pregnancy characteristics are associated with risk of cardiovascular diseases, but their independent associations with hypertension or blood pressure (BP) levels remain uncertain. We linked the Swedish Medical Birth Register with Vesterbotten Intervention Program data (Northern Sweden). Using linear and logistic regression, we related pregnancy factors in any prior pregnancy with BP and hypertension at 40 years of age in 15 896 parous women free of prepregnancy hypertension. Pregnancy factors included parity, age at first delivery, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, placental abruption, shortest gestational age small for gestational age baby (<third percentile for birth weight) or stillbirth. We defined hypertension as systolic BP >= 140 mm Hg and diastolic BP >= 90 mm Hg or antihypertensive use. Multivariable models were adjusted for all pregnancy factors and potential lifestyle and sociodemographic confounders. At 40 years of age, 1535 women (9.6%) had hypertension. In multivariable models, lower parity, younger age at first birth, preeclampsia, small for gestational age, and placental abruption were independently associated with higher systolic and diastolic BP levels at 40 years of age. Younger age at first birth, preeclampsia, gestational age <32 versus >= 37 weeks, and small for gestational age were independently associated with hypertension. Our findings raise the possibility that earlier and more frequent BP screening may be desirable in women with these pregnancy characteristics.
Maternal Midpregnancy Glucose Levels and Risk of Congenital Heart Disease in Offspring; IMPORTANCE There is a well-described association between maternal diabetes mellitus and risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring. Although the clinical diagnoses of type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes are strong risk factors for CHD, subclinical abnormalities of glucose and insulin metabolism are common within the general population and could also confer risk for CHD. We hypothesize that continuous measures of blood analytes related to maternal diabetes are related to odds of cardiac malformations. OBJECTIVE To explore the potential association of 2 different CHD phenotypes in offspring with maternal midpregnancy measures of glucose and insulin. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Case-control study from a population-based cohort of 277 pregnant women in southern and central California carrying infants with tetralogy of Fallot (TOF) (n = 55), dextrotransposition of the great arteries (dTGA) (n = 42), or healthy infants without CHD (n = 180). Serum samples were collected from 2003 through 2007. The analysis was conducted from March through June 2015. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Blood analytes related to maternal glucose metabolism were measured from random nonfasting second-trimester blood samples. We measured serum insulin levels by a validated radioimmunoassay, and we measured glucose levels. Multivariable logistic regression models estimated the association between these levels and case status. RESULTS Serum glucose values were elevated in the maternal samples for offspring with TOF (median, 97.0 mg/dL [to convert to millimoles per liter, multiply by 0.0555]) relative to controls (median, 91.5 mg/dL) (P = .01, Wilcoxon rank sum test), a phenomenon not observed in the maternal samples for offspring with dTGA (median, 90.0 mg/dL) relative to controls (P = .18, Wilcoxon rank sum test). Serum insulin levels were significantly different between controls (median, 18.8 mu IU/mL [to convert to picomoles per liter, multiply by 6.945]) and maternal samples for offspring with dTGA (median, 13.1 mu IU/mL; P = .048, Wilcoxon rank sum test) but not with TOF (median, 14.3 mu IU/mL; P = .35, Wilcoxon rank sum test). Relative to maternal blood glucose levels of infants without cardiac malformations, we observed that maternal blood glucose levels in models including insulin were strongly associated with odds of TOF (adjusted odds ratio = 7.54; 95% CI, 2.30-24.69) but not with dTGA (adjusted odds ratio = 1.16; 95% CI, 0.28-4.79). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE These results represent a direct correlation of glucose as a continuous variable to odds of specific cardiac malformations. The association between serum glucose and odds of TOF indicates the need for additional epidemiological and mechanistic investigations into the risk conferred by insulin signaling and glucose metabolism during early pregnancy.
Consistent cord blood DNA methylation signatures of gestational age between South Asian and white European cohorts; Background Epigenetic modifications, particularly DNA methylation (DNAm) in cord blood, are an important biological marker of how external exposures during gestation can influence the in-utero environment and subsequent offspring development. Despite the recognized importance of DNAm during gestation, comparative studies to determine the consistency of these epigenetic signals across different ethnic groups are largely absent. To address this gap, we first performed epigenome-wide association studies (EWAS) of gestational age (GA) using newborn cord blood DNAm comparatively in a white European (n = 342) and a South Asian (n = 490) birth cohort living in Canada. Then, we capitalized on established cord blood epigenetic GA clocks to examine the associations between maternal exposures, offspring characteristics and epigenetic GA, as well as GA acceleration, defined as the residual difference between epigenetic and chronological GA at birth.Results Individual EWASs confirmed 1,211 and 1,543 differentially methylated CpGs previously reported to be associated with GA, in white European and South Asian cohorts, respectively, with a similar distribution of effects. We confirmed that Bohlin's cord blood GA clock was robustly correlated with GA in white Europeans (r = 0.71; p = 6.0 x 10-54) and South Asians (r = 0.66; p = 6.9 x 10-64). In both cohorts, Bohlin's clock was positively associated with newborn weight and length and negatively associated with parity, newborn female sex, and gestational diabetes. Exclusive to South Asians, the GA clock was positively associated with the newborn ponderal index, while pre-pregnancy weight and gestational weight gain were strongly predictive of increased epigenetic GA in white Europeans. Important predictors of GA acceleration included gestational diabetes mellitus, newborn sex, and parity in both cohorts.Conclusions These results demonstrate the consistent DNAm signatures of GA and the utility of Bohlin's GA clock across the two populations. Although the overall pattern of DNAm is similar, its connections with the mother's environment and the baby's anthropometrics can differ between the two groups. Further research is needed to understand these unique relationships.
First Trimester Evaluation of Maternal Visceral Fat and Its Relationship with Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Simple Summary Maternal adipose tissue grows during pregnancy to secure the fetus's nutritional supply, and too much visceral adipose tissue at the start of pregnancy can increase metabolic risk and gestational problems. The distribution of fat, and more particularly the rise in visceral fat or central obesity, has been found to be more closely linked to the onset of cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome than obesity itself. Our goal is to examine the association between the thickness of the mother's visceral fat, as determined by a first trimester ultrasound exam, and the risk of poor pregnancy outcomes. We observed that women who experienced complications during pregnancy had greater levels of maternal visceral fat, especially gestational diabetes, which was linked to metabolic risk factors including insulin resistance and arterial blood pressure. This fact may imply that the risk of complications would increase more when the distribution of visceral fat (associated with metabolic risk) is greater than expected for a given degree of obesity/body mass index. Obese women are more likely to experience pregnancy complications. The distribution of fat, and more particularly the rise in visceral fat, is well established to be more closely linked to the onset of cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome than obesity itself. We aim to examine the relationship between maternal visceral fat assessment in the first trimester and the appearance of adverse pregnancy outcomes. A prospective cohort study including 416 pregnant women was conducted. During the first trimester scan (11-13 + 6 weeks), all individuals had their visceral fat and subcutaneous thicknesses measured by ultrasonography. Blood samples were obtained, and maternal demographics and clinical information were documented. After delivery, the obstetric outcomes were evaluated. We contrasted two groups: one with healthy pregnancies and the other with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO), defined as the development of at least one of the following complications: gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, abnormal fetal growth, preterm delivery or preterm premature rupture of membranes. Median maternal age was 33 and 34 years old for the uncomplicated and adverse pregnancy outcomes groups, respectively. We found that women with adverse pregnancy outcomes had higher VFT (median 30 vs. 26.5 mm, p = 0.001) and SFT (median 18.9 vs. 17.1 mm, p = 0.03). However, the visceral/subcutaneous fat ratio was not statistically different between groups. Finally, we performed a subanalysis for metabolic and placental vascular dysfunction complications. After performing a multivariate logistic regression analysis adjusted for maternal age, smoking, and mean arterial pressure, both the VFT (aOR 1.03, p < 0.001) and the ratio of visceral/subcutaneous fat (aOR 1.37, p = 0.04) were significantly associated with the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes; however, the associations of VFT and the VFT-to-SFT ratio were higher for the occurrence of gestational diabetes (aOR 1.07, p < 0.001; aOR 2.09, p = 0.001; respectively) and showed no relationships with placental complications. When conducting a first-trimester ultrasound assessment, sonographers may measure VFT without additional time or cost involved. Identification of pregnant women with increased VFT (>37 mm) may benefit from a close follow-up, especially for the development of gestational diabetes, independent of BMI.
Glycemic Index, Glycemic Control and Beyond; It is currently estimated that over 370 million individuals have diabetes, making diabetes a major public health issue contributing significantly to global morbidity and mortality. The steep rise in diabetes prevalence over the past decades is attributable, in a large part, to lifestyle changes, with dietary habits and behaviour as significant contributors. Despite the relatively wide availability of anti-diabetic medicine, it is lifestyle approaches that still remain the cornerstone of diabetes prevention and treatment. Glycemic index (GI) is a nutritional tool which represents the glycemic response to carbohydrate ingestion. In light of the major impact of nutrition on diabetes pathophysiology, with the rising need to combat the escalating diabetes epidemic, this review will focus on the role of GI in glycemic control, the primary target of diabetic treatment and beyond. The review will present the evidence relating GI and diabetes treatment and prevention, as well as weight loss, weight maintenance and cardiovascular disease risk factors.
Oxidative-Nitrative Stress and Poly (ADP-Ribose) Polymerase Activation 3 Years after Pregnancy; Background. Oxidative-nitrative stress and poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase activation have been previously observed in healthy and gestational diabetic pregnancies, and they were also linked to the development of metabolic diseases. The aim of the present study was to examine these parameters and their correlation to known metabolic risk factors following healthy and gestational diabetic pregnancies. Methods. Fasting and 2 h postload plasma total peroxide level, protein tyrosine nitration, and poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase activation were measured in circulating leukocytes three years after delivery in women following healthy, "mild" (diet-treated) or "severe" (insulin-treated) gestational diabetic pregnancy during a standard 75 g OGTT. Nulliparous women and men served as control groups. Results. Fasting plasma total peroxide level was significantly elevated in women with previous pregnancy (B = 0.52 0.13; p < 0.001), with further increase in women with insulin-treated gestational diabetes (B = 0.36 0.17; p < 0.05) (R-2 = 0.419). Its level was independently related to previous pregnancy (B = 0.47 0.14; p < 0.01) and current CRP levels (B = 0.06 0.02; p < 0.05) (R-2 = 0.306). Conclusions. Elevated oxidative stress but not nitrative stress or poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase activation can be measured three years after pregnancy. The increased oxidative stress may reflect the cost of reproduction and possibly play a role in the increased metabolic risk observed in women with a history of severe gestational diabetes mellitus.
Consequences of Smoking during Pregnancy on Maternal Health; Objective: To estimate the incidence of maternal cardiovascular and pulmonary events and the prevalence of other comorbid conditions among pregnant smokers. Methods: We queried the Nationwide Inpatient Sample (NIS)from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project (HCUP) of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) for pregnancy-related discharge codes for the years 2000-2004. The prevalence of various conditions and the incidence of various complications were compared between smokers and nonsmokers. Results: The majority of smokers were young and white and had public insurance. Smokers were more likely to have experienced deep vein thrombosis (odds ratio [OR] 1.3, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.1, 1.6), stroke (OR 1.7, 95% CI 1.2, 2.5), pulmonary embolus (OR 2.5, 95% CI 2.1, 3.0), and myocardial infarction (OR 4.6, 95% CI 3.3, 6.4). They were 3 times more likely to have experienced influenza or pneumonia (OR 2.9, 95% CI 2.7, 3.2) and 15 times more likely to have bronchitis (OR 15.2, 95% CI 12.8, 18.2). They were more likely to suffer from a number of comorbidities, including asthma (OR 4.0, 95% CI 3.7, 4.2) and gastrointestinal ulcers (OR 3.7, 95% CI 2.6, 5.5). Although they were less likely to have experienced gestational diabetes (OR 0.9, 95% CI 0.9, 1.0), preeclampsia (OR 0.8, 95% CI 0.8, 0.9), or eclampsia (OR 0.7, 95% CI 0.6, 0.9), they were more than 5 times as likely to have experienced an ectopic pregnancy (OR 5.4, 95% CI 4.6, 6.3). Conclusions: Smoking has a negative impact on maternal health. Counseling about the risks of smoking in pregnancy should include not only fetal risks but maternal risks as well.
Effect of thiazolidinedione treatment on progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in premenopausal women at high risk for type 2 diabetes; We tested the effects of treatment with a thiazolidinedione drug on rates of progression of carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) and some putative determinants of CIMT in young women at high risk for type 2 diabetes. A total of 266 nondiabetic, Hispanic women with recent gestational diabetes were randomized to placebo or troglitazone. CIMT measurements were made at baseline, annually, and at study end, together with measurements of obesity, serum lipids, and glucose and insulin levels during oral glucose tolerance tests. Insulin sensitivity ( minimal model analysis) was measured at baseline and 3 months later. Data were analyzed to compare CIMT progression rates between treatment groups and investigate potential determinants of differences in CIMT progression. One hundred ninety-two women had a CIMT measurement at baseline and at least one follow-up visit. The mean rate of CIMT change was 31% lower in women assigned to troglitazone ( P = 0.048). This intergroup difference was not explained by baseline or on-trial differences in obesity, lipids, glucose, or insulin. The reduction in CIMT progression developed gradually, occurred only in women who had an increase in insulin sensitivity, and was unrelated to the presence of the metabolic syndrome at baseline. Troglitazone reduced the progression of subclinical atherosclerosis via a mechanism that involved unmeasured mediators of atherosclerosis, either in the circulation or directly in the arterial wall.
Cardiogenic shock in pregnancy; Cardiac disease complicates 1%-4% of pregnancies globally, with a predominance in low and middle-income countries (LMICs). Increasing maternal age, rates of obesity, cardiovascular comorbidities, pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes all contribute to acquired cardiovascular disease in pregnancy. Additionally, improved survival in congenital heart disease (CHD) has led to increasing numbers of women with CHD undergoing pregnancy. Implementation of individualised care plans formulated through pre-conception counselling and based on national and international guidance have contributed to improved clinical outcomes. However, there remains a significant proportion of women of reproductive age with no apparent comorbidities or risk factors that develop heart disease during pregnancy, with no indication for pre-conception counselling. The most extreme manifestation of cardiac disease is cardiogenic shock (CS), where the primary cardiac pathology results in inadequate cardiac output and hypoperfusion, and is associated with significant mortality and morbidity. Key to management is early recognition, intervention to treat any potentially reversible underlying pathology and supportive measures, up to and including mechanical circulatory support (MCS). In this narrative review we discuss recent developments in the classification of CS, and how these may be adapted to improve outcomes of pregnant women with, or at risk of developing, this potentially lethal condition.
Brain responses to food viewing in women during pregnancy and post partum and their relationship with metabolic health: study protocol for the FOODY Brain Study, a prospective observational study; Introduction Food cravings are common in pregnancy and along with emotional eating and eating in the absence of hunger, they are associated with excessive weight gain and adverse effects on metabolic health including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Women with GDM also show poorer mental health, which further can contribute to dysregulated eating behaviour. Food cravings can lead to greater activity in brain centres known to be involved in food 'wanting' and reward valuation as well as emotional eating. They are also related to gestational weight gain. Thus, there is a great need to link implicit brain responses to food with explicit measures of food intake behaviour, especially in the perinatal period. The aim of this study is to investigate the spatiotemporal brain dynamics to visual presentations of food in women during pregnancy and in the post partum, and link these brain responses to the eating behaviour and metabolic health outcomes in women with and without GDM. Methods and analysis This prospective observational study will include 20 women with and 20 without GDM, that have valid data for the primary outcomes. Data will be assessed at 24-36 weeks gestational age and at 6 months post partum. The primary outcomes are brain responses to food pictures of varying carbohydrate and fat content during pregnancy and in the post partum using electroencephalography. Secondary outcomes including depressive symptoms, current mood and eating behaviours will be assessed with questionnaires, objective eating behaviours will be measured using Auracle and stress will be measured with heart rate and heart rate variability (Actiheart). Other secondary outcome measures include body composition and glycaemic control parameters. Ethics and dissemination The Human Research Ethics Committee of the Canton de Vaud approved the study protocol (2021-01976). Study results will be presented at public and scientific conferences and in peer-reviewed journals.
Associations Between Sedentary Time, Physical Activity, and Cardiovascular Health in 6-Year-Old Children Born to Mothers With Increased Cardiometabolic Risk; Purpose: To assess associations between sedentary time (ST), physical activity (PA), and cardiovascular health in early childhood. Method: Cross-sectional study including 160 children (age 6.1 y [SD 0.5], 86 boys, 93 maternal body mass index >= 30 kg/m(2), and 73 gestational diabetes) assessed for pulse wave velocity, echocardiography, ultra-high frequency 48- 70 MHz vascular ultrasound, and accelerometery. Results: Boys had 385 (SD 53) minutes per day ST, 305 (SD 44) minutes per day light PA, and 81 (SD 22) minutes per day moderate to vigorous PA (MVPA). Girls had 415 (SD 50) minutes per day ST, 283 (SD 40) minutes per day light PA, and 66 (SD 19) minutes per day MVPA. In adjusted analyses, MVPA was inversely associated with resting heart rate (fi = -6.6; 95% confidence interval, -12.5 to -0.7) and positively associated with left ventricular mass (fi = 6.8; 1.4-12.3), radial intima-media thickness (fi = 11.4; 5.4-17.5), brachial intima-media thickness (fi = 8.0; 2.0-14.0), and femoral intima-media thickness (fi = 1.3; 0.2-2.3). MVPA was inversely associated with body fat percentage (fi = -3.4; -6.6 to -0.2), diastolic blood pressure (fi = -0.05; -0.8 to -0.1), and femoral (fi = -18.1; -32.4 to -0.8) and radial (fi = -13.4; -24.0 to -2.9) circumferential wall stress in boys only. ST and pulse wave velocity showed no significant associations. Conclusions: In young at-risk children, MVPA is associated with cardiovascular remodeling, partly in a sex-dependant way, likely representing physiological adaptation, but ST shows no association with cardiovascular health in early childhood.
Polycystic ovary syndrome and metabolic disorders: A review of the literature; Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common female endocrinopathies and is a leading cause of infertility. The syndrome derives its name from the pathological appearance of the ovary in women with menstrual irregularities and hyperandrogenism. Its symptoms appear as early as adolescence in the form of amenorrhea, hirsutism and obesity. The majority of patients are overweight, obese or of normal weight, but metabolically obese. The prevalence of PCOS is on the increase and is associated with a significantly higher risk of various metabolic disorders including cardiovascular disease (CVD), Type2 diabetes (T2DM), gestational diabetes, hypercholesterolemia and different types of cancer, including endometrial and possibly ovarian cancer, especially if associated with hyperinsulinaemia. In contrast, in women with PCOS who have normal insulin levels, it is likely that genetics, inflammation, oxidative stress and possible interaction with environmental factors are present that link these women to metabolic disorders. The mechanism of PCOS is not well understood and this review aims to provide a detailed description of the mechanism underlying the development of PCOS and associated metabolic disorders with a full description of all possible scenarios associating PCOS to metabolic disorders, as well as an epidemiological overview regarding the relationship between these metabolic disorders and PCOS.
Iran Diabetes Research Roadmap (IDRR) Study; Analysis of Diabetes Comorbidity Studies in Iran: A Review Article; Background: Most adult patients with diabetes have at least one comorbid chronic condition and approximately 40% have three or more. The purpose of this study was to investigate detailed characteristics of studies examining comorbidities of diabetes in Iran and to identify knowledge gaps in this field. Methods: All documents published by Iranian authors in national and international journals until 2015 were evaluated. A wide search was performed in PubMed, Web of Science, SCOPUS as well as SID, IranMedex and Magiran databases using proper keywords. The obtained documents were categorized into eleven subgroups of complications, comorbidities, management, psychiatry, nutrition, prevention, physical activity, genetics, basic sciences, education and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Documents were categorized based on WHO and Australian National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) classification, the study methodology and topic. Results: Overall, 311 documents were obtained. The trend of publications was ascending since 2000. About 70% of studies were about epidemiology and causes of comorbid disease and more than 90% of studies were clinical research. The design of the most studies was cross-sectional followed by case-control and randomized clinical trial. The most common subject of documents was related to endocrine (28.61%) followed by gastrointestinal (18.32%) and cardiovascular disease (14.14%). Conclusion: Epidemiological studies are the most common type of studies about diabetes comorbidity in Iran and cross-sectional design is the most frequent methodology used while there are few cohorts. There is no study about physiopathology and shared etiology and pathogenesis of these comorbidities and diabetes.
Telehealth for High-Risk Pregnancies in the Setting of the COVID-19 Pandemic; As New York City became an international epicenter of the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, telehealth was rapidly integrated into prenatal care at Columbia University Irving Medical Center, an academic hospital system in Manhattan. Goals of implementation were to consolidate in-person prenatal screening, surveillance, and examinations into fewer in-person visits while maintaining patient access to ongoing antenatal care and subspecialty consultations via telehealth virtual visits. The rationale for this change was to minimize patient travel and thus risk for COVID-19 exposure. Because a large portion of obstetric patients had underlying medical or fetal conditions placing them at increased risk for adverse outcomes, prenatal care telehealth regimens were tailored for increased surveillance and/or counseling. Based on the incorporation of telehealth into prenatal care for high-risk patients, specific recommendations are made for the following conditions, clinical scenarios, and services: (1) hypertensive disorders of pregnancy including preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and chronic hypertension; (2) pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus; (3) maternal cardiovascular disease; (4) maternal neurologic conditions; (5) history of preterm birth and poor obstetrical history including prior stillbirth; (6) fetal conditions such as intrauterine growth restriction, congenital anomalies, and multiple gestations including monochorionic placentation; (7) genetic counseling; (8) mental health services; (9) obstetric anesthesia consultations; and (10) postpartum care. While telehealth virtual visits do not fully replace in-person encounters during prenatal care, they do offer a means of reducing potential patient and provider exposure to COVID-19 while providing consolidated in-person testing and services.
Relation between abdominal subcutaneous fat tissue thickness and inflammatory markers during pregnancy; Introduction: Subcutaneous abdominal fat thickness (SCFT) is important for predisposition to metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. Our aim was to evaluate maternal SCFT and metabolic changes (such as insulin resistance and high inflammatory markers) during pregnancy. Material and methods: A total of 92 pregnant women between 24-28 weeks of gestation were enrolled in the study. The SCFT was measured by ultrasonography and patients were divided into 2 groups according to thickness of maternal SCFT and body mass index (BMI). Groups were compared with each other for oral glucose loading test (OGL) results, and for haematological, biochemical and fetal biometric parameters. Results: After analysis of frequency for SCFT, the most appropriate cut-off value for grouping patients was found to be 15 mm for SCFT. In 48 cases SCFT was over 15 mm. High C reactive protein (CRP) was found in 47.9% (23) of cases with SCFT over 15 mm. Serum haemoglobin A(1c) (HbA(1c)) level was significantly correlated with SCFT thickness. The most important factors for determination of OGL level were found to be serum HbA(1c) level, BMI and SCFT In obese subjects (BMI >= 25 kg/m(2)), levels of inflammatory markers and SCFT thickness were higher. The CRP and gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) levels were significantly correlated with BMI and SCFT. Conclusions: High SCFT during pregnancy is associated with elevated inflammatory marker levels and HbA(1c). Pregnant women with thicker SCFT may be susceptible to the development of metabolic complications of pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertension, as well as risk of future metabolic and cardiovascular disease.
Practical weight management to minimize pregnancy complications and promote women's health: the possibility of interpregnancy care; Pregnancy is an excellent opportunity to provide medical interventions to women. It is also a stress test used to predict health. Numerous studies have demonstrated that the pre -pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and gestational weight gain (GWG) are critical factors for pregnancy complications such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), large or small gestational age infants, and spontaneous preterm birth (sPTB). These complications are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), which is a leading cause of mortality in women. In addition, complications adversely affect the short- and long-term prognoses of children. Optimal GWG to reduce complications is recommended based on pre -pregnancy BMI; however, racial differences should also be noted. The values in the Japanese guidelines are lower than those in the American Institute of Medicine guidelines. The Asian BMI thresholds for CVD risk are also lower than those in Europe. Therefore, weight management should be based on racial/genetic background. Interpregnancy weight gain or loss has also been reported to be associated with the risk of pregnancy complications; however, few studies have been conducted in Asian populations. Our previous reports suggested that avoiding an excess of 0.6 kg/m2/year of annual BMI gain may reduce the risk of HDP or GDM, and insufficient gain of < 0.25 kg/m2/year may increase sPTB recurrence. Annual BMI is useful for practical weight control during interpregnancy. Based on these findings, effective approaches should be established to improve the health of women and their offspring.
Use of artificial intelligence in obstetrics: not quite ready for prime time; Artificial intelligence is finding several applications in healthcare settings. This study aimed to report evidence on the effectiveness of artificial intelligence application in obstetrics. Through a narrative review of literature, we described artificial intelligence use in different obstetrical areas as follows: prenatal diagnosis, fetal heart monitoring, prediction and manage-ment of pregnancy-related complications (preeclampsia, preterm birth, gestational diabetes mellitus, and placenta accreta spectrum), and labor.Artificial intelligence seems to be a promising tool to help clinicians in daily clinical activity. The main advantages that emerged from this review are related to the reduction of inter-and intra-operator variability, time reduction of procedures, and improvement of overall diagnostic per-formance. However, nowadays, the diffusion of these systems in routine clinical practice raises several issues. Reported evidence is still very limited, and further studies are needed to confirm the clinical applicability of artificial intelligence.Moreover, better training of clinicians designed to use these systems should be ensured, and evidence-based guidelines regarding this topic should be produced to enhance the strengths of artificial systems and minimize their limits.
Maternal obesity: Implications for pregnancy outcome and long-term risks-a link to maternal nutrition; As obesity becomes a worldwide epidemic, its prevalence during reproductive age is also increased. Alarming reports state that two-thirds of adults in the USA are overweight or obese, with half of them in the latter category, and the rate of obese pregnant women is estimated at 18-38%. These women are of major concern to women's health providers because they encounter numerous pregnancy-related complications. Obesity-related reproductive health complications range from infertility to a wide spectrum of diseases such as hypertensive disorders, coagulopathies, gestational diabetes mellitus. respiratory complications, and fetal complications such as large-for-gestational-age infants, congenital malformations, stillbirth, and shoulder dystocia. Recent reports suggest that obesity during pregnancy can be a risk factor for developing obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases in the newborn later in life. This review will address the implication of obesity on pregnancy and child health, and explore recent literature on obesity during pregnancy. (C) 2011 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Should patients with polycystic ovary syndrome be treated with metformin? Benefits of insulin sensitizing drugs in polycystic ovary syndrome - beyond ovulation induction; The debate on metformin use in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) has mainly focused on its treatment for infertility in ovulation induction and menstrual cyclicity. Here we will summarize the data supporting the effect of metformin on improving hyperandrogenaemia and hyperinsulinaemia in PCOS patients. We propose that metformin benefits PCOS patients undergoing gonadotrophin therapy and IVF as well as ovulation induction. We also advocate the use of insulin sensitizing drugs to reduce miscarriage rates, and risks associated with coronary artery disease, gestational diabetes and obesity.
Association of adverse pregnancy outcomes and multiple gestation with natural menopause: A population-based cohort study; Objective: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and early menopause are each associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD); whether APOs are associated with age at menopause is unclear. We examined the association of gestational diabetes (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), preterm birth, and multiple gestation with age at natural menopause.Study design: Observational, prospective study within the Nurses' Health Study II cohort (1989-2019). Main outcomes measures: Risk of early natural menopause, defined as occurring before the age of 45 years, and age at onset of natural menopause (hazard ratio (HR) >1 indicates younger age at menopause).Results: The mean [SD] baseline age of 69,880 parous participants was 34.5 [4.7] years. Compared with participants who had a term singleton first birth, those with a term multiple-gestation first birth had higher risk of early menopause (HR: 1.65, 95% CI: 1.05, 2.60) and younger age at natural menopause (HR: 1.46, 95% CI: 1.31, 1.63). Estimates for preterm multiple gestation were of similar magnitude. Menopause occurred at a younger age for those with a preterm birth with spontaneous labor (HR: 1.08, 95% CI: 1.03, 1.14) compared to those with a term birth with spontaneous labor. Conversely, estimates for GDM (HR: 0.95, 95% CI: 0.89, 1.02) and HDP (preeclampsia, HR: 0.93, 95% CI: 0.89, 0.97) suggested an association with older age at menopause.Conclusions: In this large cohort study, several statistically significant associations between APOs and age at natural menopause were observed. A deeper understanding of the relationships among APOs, menopause, and CVD is needed to help identify people at higher risk for early menopause and later CVD.
Markers of insulin resistance in Polycystic ovary syndrome women: An update; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common endocrine disorders, affecting 5%-10% of women of reproductive age. The importance of this syndrome lies in the magnitude of associated comorbidities: infertility, metabolic dysfunction, cardiovascular disease (CVD), plus psychological and oncological complications. Insulin resistance (IR) is a prominent feature of PCOS with a prevalence of 35%-80%. Without adequate management, IR with compensatory hyperinsulinemia contributes directly to reproductive dysfunction in women with PCOS. Furthermore, epidemiological data shows compelling evidence that PCOS is associated with an increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance, gestational diabetes mellitus and type 2 diabetes. In addition, metabolic dysfunction leads to a risk for CVD that increases with aging in women with PCOS. Indeed, the severity of IR in women with PCOS is associated with the amount of abdominal obesity, even in lean women with PCOS. Given these drastic implications, it is important to diagnose and treat insulin resistance as early as possible. Many markers have been proposed. However, quantitative assessment of IR in clinical practice remains a major challenge. The gold standard method for assessing insulin sensitivity is the hyperinsulinemic euglycemic glucose clamp. However, it is not used routinely because of the complexity of its procedure. Consequently, there has been an urgent need for surrogate markers of IR that are more applicable in large population-based epidemiological investigations. Despite this, many of them are either difficult to apply in routine clinical practice or useless for women with PCOS. Considering this difficulty, there is still a need for an accurate marker for easy, early detection and assessment of IR in women with PCOS. This review highlights markers of IR already used in women with PCOS, including new markers recently reported in literature, and it establishes a new classification for these markers.
Amniotic Fluid Embolism in a Patient Presenting for Induction of Labor for Cholestasis of Pregnancy; Amniotic fluid embolism (AFE) is a rare but potentially catastrophic complication during pregnancy. The most common presenting symptoms of AFE are cardiac arrest, hemodynamic instability, and profound hemorrhage. Here, we present a case of a 28-year-old female with a past medical history of anemia, gestational diabetes, hypothyroidism, anxiety, and depression, presenting for induction of labor for cholestasis of pregnancy. The labor course was complicated by sudden cardiac arrest and resuscitation, followed by an emergent bedside peri-cardiac arrest cesarean section. Subsequently, the patient developed coagulopathy, uterine atony, and bleeding from the vagina and cervix. The AFE protocol was initiated, and the care team proceeded with a hysterectomy. Supportive treatment correcting for metabolic acid-base disturbances and coagulopathies was maintained. The patient was stabilized for air transport to a higher level of care.
Measuring the Area of the Interventricular Septum in the 4-Chamber View A New Technique to Evaluate the Fetus at Risk for Septal Hypertrophy; Objectives One of the problems for the clinician who desires to measure the interventricular septum (IVS) in a high-risk fetus is to know where to make the measurement. The purpose of this study was to use speckle-tracking analysis to measure the IVS area, 24-segment widths, and length at end-diastole (ED) and end-systole (ES) in normal fetuses. Methods From the 4-chamber view, speckle-tracking analysis was performed at ED and ES on the IVS in 200 normal fetuses. The following were computed and regressed against gestational age (GA) and fetal biometric (FB) measurements: area, length, and the 24-segment transverse widths from the apex to the crux. The 24-segment width/length ratio was also measured. The speckle-tracking measurements of the ED area and length were compared using a point-to-point measurement tool available on all ultrasound machines. Results The ED and ES areas, lengths, and 24-segment widths increased with GA and FB. The ED and ES areas were virtually identical. The 24-segment width/length ratio decreased from the apex to the crux of the septum. There was no significant difference in the measurement of the ED area and the length between speckle-tracking and the point-to-point measurements. Conclusions Measurement of the area and length of the IVS are simple to obtain and provide a new diagnostic tool to evaluate the fetus at risk for IVS hypertrophy which may be observed in fetuses of mothers with pregestational and gestational diabetes.
Sex differences in offspring neurodevelopment, cognitive performance and microglia morphology associated with maternal diabetes: Putative targets for insulin therapy; Diabetes during pregnancy has been shown to affect the central nervous system (CNS) of the offspring, resulting in short-and long-term adverse effects. Children of diabetic mothers are more likely to develop cognitive impair -ment, also having increased susceptibility to psychiatric disorders. Microglia, the immune cells of the CNS, work as sensors of environmental changes, namely metabolic challenges, as early as the intrauterine period. During this period, microglia is actively involved in processes of neurogenesis, synaptic pruning and detection of any envi-ronmental alteration that may impact brain development. The remarkable sex dimorphism in neurodevelopment, as well as sex differences in the morphology and immune function of microglia during development, led us to clarify if maternal diabetes affects specific behavioral traits and microglia morphology during infancy in a sex-specific manner. Another important goal of this study was to clarify if insulin, the gold standard treatment of diabetes during gestation, could prevent maternal diabetes-induced behavioral changes, as well as microglia morphology, also considering sex specificities. Other molecular and cellular players potentially involved in the link between changes in metabolism and behavior were also analyzed in the hippocampus, a brain region implicated in cognition and other behavioral outcomes. Diabetes during pregnancy globally delayed female and male offspring development and was associated with impairments in recognition memory, but only in female offspring. In line with these results, at early and late infancy, some molecular and cellular markers were altered in offspring hippocampus in a sex-specific manner. The strict control of glycemia by insulin during pregnancy prevented most of the negative effects induced by uncontrolled hyperglycemia. Notably, insulin administration to diabetic dams may also modulate offspring development in a way that differs from what is observed in physio-logical conditions, since it promoted the expedited acquisition of developmental milestones and of discrimination ability at memory test, also inducing a hyper-ramification of male and female hippocampal microglia. Impor-tantly, this study highlights the importance of analyzing the impact of maternal diabetes and insulin therapy, taking into account sex differences, since male and female present different vulnerabilities to hyperglycemia in this critical period of life.
Controversies on how diabetes is diagnosed; Purpose of review To evaluate the controversial aspects of diabetes diagnosis. Recent findings Within the past 2 years, revised guidelines for the diagnosis of diabetes have been issued which endorse the use of the hemoglobin A1C as a diagnostic test, in addition to the previously recommended tests. Updated diagnostic criteria for gestational diabetes were also published in the same period. Recent publications on the current role of oral glucose tolerance tests and diagnosis of diabetes in the acutely ill are sparse. There are new recommendations regarding the use of genetic testing and antibody testing in establishing the cause of diabetes. Summary The inclusion of A1C as a diagnostic test has many advantages including reproducibility of the test and convenience, but there are situations where the test is unreliable and it misses many individuals who would have been diagnosed by plasma glucose testing. The diagnostic threshold of 6.5% for the A1C remains controversial. There is still no consensus on the best approach to diagnose gestational diabetes. The role of the oral glucose tolerance test seems to be diminishing. Diagnosis of diabetes in acute illness is aided by A1C testing. Genetic and autoantibody testing in specific situations offer diagnostic and therapeutic utility.
Vitamin C supplementation for diabetes management: A comprehensive narrative review; Growing evidence suggests that vitamin C supplementation may be an effective adjunct therapy in the man-agement of people with diabetes. This paper critically reviews the current evidence on effects of vitamin C supplementation and its potential mechanisms in diabetes management. Evidence from meta-analyses of ran-domized controlled trials (RCTs) show favourable effects of vitamin C on glycaemic control and blood pressure that may be clinically meaningful, and mixed effects on blood lipids and endothelial function. However, evidence is mostly of low evidence certainty. Emerging evidence is promising for effects of vitamin C supplementation on some diabetes complications, particularly diabetic foot ulcers. However, there is a notable lack of robust and well-designed studies exploring effects of vitamin C as a single compound supplement on diabetes prevention and patient-important outcomes (i.e. prevention and amelioration of diabetes complications). RCTs are also required to investigate potential preventative or ameliorative effects of vitamin C on gestational diabetes outcomes. Oral vitamin C doses of 500-1000 mg per day are potentially effective, safe, and affordable for many individuals with diabetes. However, personalisation of supplementation regimens that consider factors such as vitamin C status, disease status, current glycaemic control, vitamin C intake, redox status, and genotype is important to optimize vitamin C's therapeutic effects safely. Finally, given a high prevalence of vitamin C deficiency in patients with complications, it is recommended that plasma vitamin C concentration be measured and monitored in the clinic setting.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes in cases involving extremely young maternal age; Objective: To assess pregnancy outcomes among adolescent girls 16 years old or younger and their newborns. Methods: A cohort study was carried out at Siriraj Hospital, Mahidol University, Bangkok, Thailand, using completed charts for 1061 girls aged 16 years or younger (study group) and 1100 women aged 20 to 29 years (reference group) delivered at that hospital between January 1, 2006, and December 31, 2010. Demographic data, maternal laboratory investigations, maternal complications, placental complications, medications administered in hospital, and neonatal outcomes were recorded. Results: Anemia (odds ratio [OR], 1.86; confidence interval [CI] 1.52-226); heart disease (OR, 0.38; CI 0.15-0.90), thyroid disorder (OR, 0.054; CI, 0.01-0.40), pulmonary disease (OR, 0.89; CI, 0.41-1.93); medical and obstetrics complications including gestational diabetes mellitus (OR, 0.04; CI, 0.01-0.29), placenta previa (OR 1.04, CI 0.06-16.60), preterm labor (OR, 1.98; CI, 1.55-2.53), as well as mean neonatal weight (2830.77 +/- 81.31 g and 3038.53 +/- 482.23 g; P=0.001) were different in the 2 groups and the differences were statistically significant. Conclusion: Adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes were common in the study group. Extensive education about contraception and safe sex on the one hand, and an effective care plan if pregnancy occurs, should be provided to teenage girls to reduce these poor outcomes. (C) 2012 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Environmental and Socioeconomic Factors Influence the Live-Born Incidence of Congenital Heart Disease: A Population-Based Study in California; BACKGROUND The development of congenital heart disease (CHD) is multifactorial with genetic and environmental influences. We sought to determine the relationship between socioeconomic and environmental factors with the incidence of CHD among live-born infants in California and to determine whether maternal comorbidities are in the causal pathway. METHODS AND RESULTS This was a population-based cohort study in California (2007-2012). The primary outcome was having significant CHD. Predictors included socioeconomic status and environmental exposure to pollutants determined by U.S. Census data. A social deprivation index and environmental exposure index was assigned based on neighborhood socioeconomic variables, categorized into 4 quartiles. Quartile 1 was the best with the least exposure to pollutants and social deprivation, and quartile 4 was the worst. Multivariate logistic regression and mediation analyses were performed. Among 2 419 651 live-born infants, the incidence of CHD was 3.2 per 1000 live births. The incidence of CHD was significantly higher among those in quartile 4 compared with quartile 1 (social deprivation index: 0.35% versus 0.29%; odds ratio [OR], 1.31; 95% CI, 1.21-1.41; environmental exposure index: 0.35% versus 0.29%; OR, 1.23; 95% CI, 1.15-1.31) after adjusting for maternal race/ethnicity and age and accounting for the relationship between the 2 primary predictors. Maternal comorbidities explained 13% (95% CI, 10%-20%) of the relationship between social deprivation index and environmental exposure index with the incidence of CHD. CONCLUSIONS Increased social deprivation and exposure to environmental pollutants are associated with the incidence of live-born CHD in California. Maternal comorbidities explain some, but not all, of this relationship. These findings identify targets for social policy initiatives to minimize health disparities.
The Clinical Approach to Obesity in Pregnancy; Over one third of reproductive age women are obese, and this marked prevalence is impacting pregnancy. Obese women face many challenges from preconception to postpartum. They are at increased risk for both maternal and fetal complications including gestational diabetes, hypertension, preeclampsia, congenital anomalies, stillbirth, fetal macrosomia, cesarean delivery, venous thromboembolism, wound complications, breast-feeding difficulty, postpartum depression, postpartum weight retention, and neonatal death. This discussion is designed to help clinicians understand how obesity affects pregnancy, how to counsel patients regarding gestational weight gain, and how to implement management strategies during pregnancy to optimize health outcomes for these patients.
Safety Evaluation of <i>Syzygium jambolanum</i> on the Development of Zebrafish Embryos; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus, a hyperglycaemic condition that develops at the time of pregnancy, causes approximately 7% of complications during pregnancies world wide. Syzygium jambolanum has been proved clinically for the management of diabetes mellitus and is being prescribed for the management of diabetes in pregnant women. Objectives: This study has been designed to evaluate the safety of Syzygium jambolanum mother tincture on the development of zebrafish embryos. Materials and Methods: Zebrafish embryos were exposed to 1%, 5% and 10% of Syzygium jambolanum mother tincture with the same concentration of alcohol. Observations like mortality, hatching at 24, 48 and 72 hr post fertilization and yolk sac edema, length, eye width, pericardial edema and heart rate were recorded at 72 hr post fertilization. The locomotor activity was recorded at 7 day post fertilization. Results: Results showed that mortality in zebrafish embryos with the treatment of Syzygium jambolanum mother tincture at 10% could be due to alcohol as similar results were observed with 10% alcohol also. Moreover, changes observed in heart beat in embryos with the treatment of alcohol at different concentration were reduced by the Syzygium jambolanum indicating its possible protective role in cardiac parameters. Conclusion: Results suggest the safety of Syzygium jambolanum mother tincture at low concentrations (1% and 5%) on development of zebrafish embryos. The embryo toxicity induced by 10% concentration of Syzygium jambolanum may be attributed to the ethanol. Further developmental toxicity studies on animals need to be carried out to validate the results obtained followed by clinical validation.
Perinatal Complications in Individuals in California With or Without SARS-CoV-2 Infection During Pregnancy; IMPORTANCE Additional research from population-based studies is needed to inform the treatment of SARS-CoV-2 infection during pregnancy and to provide health risk information to pregnant individuals. OBJECTIVE To assess the risk of perinatal complications associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection and to describe factors associated with hospitalizations. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS This population-based cohort study included 43 886 pregnant individuals with longitudinal electronic health record data from preconception to delivery who delivered at Kaiser Permanente Northern California between March 1, 2020, and March 16, 2021. Individuals with diagnostic codes for COVID-19 that did not have a confirmatory polymerase chain reaction test for SARS-CoV-2 were excluded. EXPOSURES SARS-CoV-2 infection detected by polymerase chain reaction test (from 30 days before conception to 7 days after delivery) as a time varying exposure. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Severe maternal morbidity including 21 conditions (eg, acute myocardial infarction, acute renal failure, acute respiratory distress syndrome, and sepsis) that occurred at any time during pregnancy or delivery; preterm birth; pregnancy hypertensive disorders; gestational diabetes; venous thromboembolism (VTE); stillbirth; cesarean delivery; and newborn birth weight and respiratory conditions. Standardized mean differences between individuals with and without SARS-CoV-2 were calculated. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to estimate the hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs for the association between SARS-CoV-2 infection and perinatal complications and hospitalization and to consider the timing of SARS-CoV-2 infection relative to outcomes. RESULTS In this study of 43 886 pregnant individuals (mean [SD] age, 30.7 [5.2) years), individuals with a SARS-CoV-2 infection (1332 [3.0%j) were more likely to be younger, Hispanic, multiparous individuals with a higher neighborhood deprivation index and obesity or chronic hypertension. After adjusting for demographic characteristics, comorbidities, and smoking status, individuals with SARS-CoV-2 infection had higher risk for severe maternal morbidity (HR, 2.45; 95% CI, 1.91-3.13), preterm birth (<37 weeks; HR. 2.08; 95% CI, 1.75-2.47), and VTE (HR, 3.08; 95% Cl. 1.09-8.74) than individuals without SARS-CoV-2. SARS-CoV-2 infection was also associated with increased risk of medically indicated preterm birth (HR, 2.56; 95% CI, 2.06-3.19); spontaneous preterm birth (HR, 1.61; 95% CI, 1.22-2.13); and early (HR, 2.52; 95% CI. 1.49-4.24), moderate (HR, 2.18; 95% CI. 1.25-3.80). and late (HR, 1.95; 95% CI, 1.61-2.37) preterm birth. Among individuals with SARS-CoV-2 infection, 76 (5.7%) had a hospitalization; pregestational diabetes (HR, 7.03; 95% CI, 2.22-22.2) and Asian or Pacific Islander (HR, 2.33; 95% CI, 1.06-5.11) and Black (HR, 3.14; 95% CI, 1.24-7.93) race and ethnicity were associated with an increased risk of hospitalization. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE In this cohort study, SARS-CoV-2 infection was associated with increased risk of severe maternal morbidity, preterm birth, and VTE. The study findings inform clinicians and patients about the risk of perinatal complications associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection in pregnancy and support vaccination of pregnant individuals and those planning conception.
Reference Values of D-Dimers and Fibrinogen in the Course of Physiological Pregnancy: the Potential Impact of Selected Risk Factors-A Pilot Study; Pregnancy predisposes to thrombotic hemostasis, reflected in the laboratory as, e.g., increased levels of D-Dimers and fibrinogen, but in physiological pregnancy, the risk of venous thrombosis does not increase. Risk may increase if gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or nicotinism coexists. Study aims were to determine reference values for D-Dimers and fibrinogen concentrations in each trimester of pregnancy, corrected for GDM and nicotinism. Subjects and Methods. The study involved 71 pregnant women aged 25-44 y. Venous blood was collected three times: in the first (11-14 weeks), second (20-22 weeks), and third (30-31 weeks) trimesters. D-Dimer concentrations were determined by an enzyme-linked fluorescence assay, fibrinogen concentrations by a coagulation method according to Clauss. Results. Significant increases in D-Dimers and fibrinogen concentrations were observed, increasing with successive trimesters (p ANOVA<0.0001). Furthermore, a positive correlation between D-Dimers and fibrinogen was detected in the second trimester of pregnancy (r=0.475; p<0.0001). In addition, a significantly higher fibrinogen concentration was found in women with GDM compared to without GDM (p=0.0449). Reference ranges for D-Dimers were established, in trimester order, as follows: 167-721 ng/mL, 298-1653 ng/mL, and 483-2256 ng/mL. After adjusting for risk factors, significantly higher D-Dimer values (mainly second and third trimesters) were obtained: 165-638 ng/mL, 282-3474 ng/mL, and 483-4486 ng/mL, respectively. Reference ranges for fibrinogen were, in trimester order, 2.60-6.56 g/L, 3.40-8.53 g/L, and 3.63-9.14 g/L and, after adjustment for risk factors, 3.34-6.73 g/L, 3.40-8.84 g/L, and 3.12-9.91 g/L. Conclusions. We conclude that the increase in D-Dimers and fibrinogen levels in women with physiological pregnancy was compounded by gestational diabetes (GDM) and nicotinism. Therefore, D-Dimers and fibrinogen pregnancy reference values require correction for these risk factors.
Live Birth Following Uterine Transplantation From a Nulliparous Deceased Donor; Background. Nulliparous uterine grafts have never been used in uterus transplantation (UTx), possibly due to presumed infertility. Our objective was to verify the feasibility of nulliparous uterine graft transplantation. Methods. The Czech Uterus Transplant Trial (registered under , identifier NCT03277430) is a 2-arm trial comparing the efficacy of deceased donor (DD) versus live-donor uterus transplant (10 patients in both arms). A 25-year-old patient suffering from inborn absolute uterine factor infertility underwent a DD uterus transplant. The donor was a 20-year-old nulliparous brain-dead donor. Results. The transplant procedure was uneventful. The posttransplant period was complicated by (1) recurrent episodes of acute cellular rejection, (2) neutropenia necessitating the administration of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor, (3) vaginal anastomotic stenosis treated with the insertion of a self-expanding stent, (4) the concurrence of Clostridium difficile colitis and acute appendicitis, and (5) temporary renal function impairment of a combined cause. Two years after the UTx, after the fourth embryo transfer, the patient became pregnant. Apart from gestational diabetes mellitus, the pregnancy was uneventful. Due to preterm contractions, delivery was achieved via caesarean section at gestational age 34 + 6 years. The postoperative course was uneventful for both the mother and the newborn. Conclusions. Herein, we report the first live birth after a DD UTx in Europe. This report provides a proof of concept that nulliparous uteri may present a suitable source of uterine grafts for UTx. Stenting may serve as a feasible treatment method for vaginal anastomotic stenosis.
Differences in Breastfeeding Initiation by Maternal Diabetes Status and Race, Ohio 2006-2011; To examine breastfeeding trends at hospital discharge from 2006 to 2011 by diabetes status and to determine associations between diabetes status and breastfeeding. Ohio Vital Statistics birth certificate data from 2006 to 2011, including all singleton births to Ohio resident mothers of reproductive age (16-44 years), were used to analyze trends in breastfeeding by diabetes status [prepregnancy diabetes (PDM), gestational diabetes (GDM)]. Logistic regression was used to evaluate the relationship between breastfeeding at discharge and diabetes type. Because a significant interaction between diabetes status and race existed, the model was stratified by race. This study includes 803,222 Ohio births from 2006 to 2011. A significant, increasing trend of breastfeeding (P < .0001) existed among women with GDM (63-70 %) and no DM (62-69 %). GDM breastfeeding rates were frequently the highest, while women with PDM often had the lowest breastfeeding initiation rates, regardless of sample characteristic. In models stratified by race, Black women were often the least likely to breastfeed, but overweight or obese and diabetes were not associated with a decreased likelihood of breastfeeding as they were among White women. While breastfeeding rates have increased in Ohio, they have still not reached the Healthy People 2020 goals. Our study shows that breastfeeding initiation rates vary by diabetes status and race. This study can aid in tailoring breastfeeding intervention and counseling efforts to women least likely to initiate breastfeeding, such as women with pregnancy diabetes, to improve the health of both infants and mothers.
Birth weight of offspring and insulin resistance in late adulthood: cross sectional survey; Objective To investigate the association between birth weight of offspring and mothers' insulin resistance in late adulthood. Design Cross sectional survey. Setting General practitioner's surgeries in 23 towns in Great Britain. Participants 4286 women aged 60-79 years. Main outcome measures Maternal insulin resistance. Results Birth weight of offspring was inversely related to maternal insulin resistance in late adulthood. For each 1 kg higher birth weight of offspring, women had a 15% reduction in the odds of being in the fourth with highest insulin resistance, compared to other fourths (odds ratio 0.85; 95% confidence interval 0.71 to 1.00). This increased to 27% (0.73; 0.60 to 0.90) after adjusting data for potential confounders. A U shaped relation between birth weight of offspring and diabetes in older age was found; women with the lightest and heaviest offspring had the highest prevalence of diabetes. Conclusions Birth weight of offspring is inversely related to the mother's insulin resistance in late adulthood, despite the association of glucose intolerance during pregnancy with heavier offspring at birth. Common genetic factors probably contribute to the relation between birth weight and risk of cardiovascular disease and diabetes in adults.
Machine learning and disease prediction in obstetrics; Machine learning technologies and translation of artificial intelligence tools to enhance the patient experience are changing obstetric and maternity care. An increasing number of predictive tools have been developed with data sourced from electronic health records, diagnostic imaging and digital devices. In this review, we explore the latest tools of machine learning, the algorithms to establish prediction models and the challenges to assess fetal well-being, predict and diagnose obstetric diseases such as gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, preterm birth and fetal growth restriction. We discuss the rapid growth of machine learning approaches and intelligent tools for automated diagnostic imaging of fetal anomalies and to asses fetoplacental and cervix function using ultrasound and magnetic resonance imaging. In prenatal diagnosis, we discuss intelligent tools for magnetic resonance imaging sequencing of the fetus, placenta and cervix to reduce the risk of preterm birth. Finally, the use of machine learning to improve safety standards in intrapartum care and early detection of complications will be discussed. The demand for technologies to enhance diagnosis and treatment in obstetrics and maternity should improve frameworks for patient safety and enhance clinical practice.
Ambulatory Blood Pressure and Its Variability in Adults Born Preterm; Adults born preterm have higher blood pressure (BP) than those born at term. Most studies have focused on preterm birth, and few have assessed BP variability, an independent risk factor of cardiovascular disease. We studied the association of preterm birth with 24-hour ambulatory BP, measured by an oscillometric device, in 42 young adults born early preterm (<34 weeks), 72 born late preterm (34-36 weeks), and 103 controls (>= 37 weeks). Sleep was confirmed with accelerometry in 72.4% of subjects. The 24-hour systolic BP of adults born early preterm was 5.5 mm Hg higher (95% confidence interval, 1.9-9.3), awake systolic BP was 6.4 mm Hg higher (95% confidence interval, 2.8-10.1), and sleeping systolic BP was 2.9 mm Hg higher (95% confidence interval 0.3-7.5) when adjusted for age, sex, and use of accelerometry. The differences remained similar when adjusted for height, body mass index, physical activity, smoking, parental education, maternal body mass index, smoking during pregnancy, and gestational diabetes mellitus and attenuated slightly when adjusted for maternal hypertensive pregnancy disorders. Adults born early preterm also had higher BP variability as indicated by higher individual standard deviations of systolic BP and diastolic BP. Although our results were consistent with a dose-response relationship between shorter gestation and higher BP, the difference between the late preterm and term groups was not statistically significant. Our results suggest that the higher BP in adults born early preterm is present during both waking and sleeping hours, may be more pronounced during waking hours, and is accompanied by higher individual BP variability.
Obesity in pregnancy as a model to identify women at risk for later metabolic syndrome; The aim of our study is to identify - in a cohort of obese women - cardiovascular and clinical risk factors in women with previous complicated pregnancies and protective factors in women with previous physiological pregnancies. A total of 135 nonpregnant obese women referring to Policlinico Gemelli in Rome were prospectively collected in 2009-2010. Thirty-two women matched inclusion criteria: 16 reported a previous physiological pregnancy and 16 reported previous obstetric complications. A clinical, instrumental and laboratory evaluation has been performed for each patient. Statistical analysis was performed using StatView Software. Values are expressed as mean +/- standard error (SEM). All tests were two-tailed with a confidence level of 95% (p < .05). Statistically significant reduced flow-mediated dilatation (p = .0338), increased serum values of vascular cell adhesion molecule (p = .0154) and higher systolic blood pressure values (p = .0427) have been detected in obese women with previous complicated pregnancies due to gestational diabetes and/or hypertension. In conclusion, obese patients with previous complicated pregnancies develop signs of endothelial dysfunction in the postpartum period. Future research should focus on the early identification of possible molecular mechanisms implicated in the development of glyco-metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in obese patients, since they are at higher risk of metabolic syndrome.
The prevalence of documented cardiovascular-related pregnancy complications: cross- sectional study in an academic primary care centre; Background: Pregnancy and the postpartum period offer a unique opportunity to identify patients with risk factors leading to premature cardiovascular disease (CVD), which often go unrecognised.Aim: This study investigates self- reported prevalence of CVD- related pregnancy complications and its documentation in electronic medical records (EMRs) in an academic family health team (AFHT).Design & setting: A retrospective cross- sectional survey conducted from 2016 to 2017 in an AFHT.Method: The survey assessed self- reported pregnancy complications and obstetric histories of adult females. EMRs of responders who provided consent were appraised for documented pregnancy complications, and management of traditional cardiovascular risk factors post- pregnancy.Results: Out of 211 responders, 28% (n = 60) had at least one pregnancy complication reported in the survey and/or in the EMR, of which 67% (n = 40) had the complication documented in their EMR. The most prevalent complications were preterm birth (PTB; 12%, n = 25), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP; 10%, n = 22), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM; 7%, n = 14). Twenty- nine per cent (n = 4) of the patients with GDM had a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test result documented post- pregnancy. Of those with HDP, 36% (n = 8) had body mass index and 50% (n = 11) had a blood pressure measurement recorded after delivery.Conclusion: There has been a significant lack of documentation of pregnancy- related cardiovascular risk factors and subsequent management, introducing a missed opportunity for early cardiovascular intervention. Adequate documentation of pregnancy complications in the EMR and better transitions in care between obstetric and primary care teams could potentially enable clinicians to intervene early and better manage females at increased risk of CVD.
Inhibition of Cardiomyogenesis in Embryocarcinoma Cells Induced by Long-Term High Level of Glucose; Bockground/Aims: Cardiac myocytes constitute the first differentiated cell type during mammalian heart formation with the ability to beat spontaneously and rhythmically. Hyperglycemia is a primary risk factor for cardiovascular disease in pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM). However, the impact that hyperglycemia has on cardiac progenitors or on precursors differentiation remains poorly understood. The aim of the present study is to investigate whether hyperglycemia affects cardiomyogenesis of embryocarcinoma cells. Methods: P19CL6 cells differentiation induced by 1% DMSO was evaluated under either normal glucose (5.6 mmol/L) or high level of glucose concentrations (20 mmol/L or 40 mmol/L). To investigate the effect of long-term high level of glucose on cardiomyocytes differentiation, sarcomeric alpha-actinin, peroxisome proliferator activated receptor coactivator-1 (PGC-1 alpha), transcription factor GATA4 and Nkx2.5 were assessed by qRT-PCR analysis, western blot and immunofluorescence. Results: We observed that long-term high level of glucose markedly reduced P19CL6 cells differentiation into cardiomyocytes. The change in PGC-1 alpha expression was consistent with changes in cardiac muscle myosin expression after exposure to 20 mmol/L or 40 mmol/L of glucose. On the other hand, the high level of glucose concentration profoundly decreased both GATA4 and Nkx2-5 expressions from day 6 to day 12 after differentiation, which was induced by 1% DMSO. Conclusion: Our results elucidate that the effect resulting from the long-term exposure of cardiac progenitors to high level of glucose is associated with decreased expression of GATA4 and Nkx2.5, providing a novel mechanism by which high glucose is able to affect cell differentiation. (C) 2016 The Author(s) Published by S. Karger AG, Basel
An Enhanced Postpartum Transition Program to Primary Care; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are risk factors for future cardiovascular disease, yet few individuals receive postpartum care with primary care clinicians (PCP). To facilitate transitions of care to PCPs and improve cardiovascular health monitoring within the first 13 months postpartum, we developed and piloted an enhanced postpartum referral pathway for patients with GDM or HDP.Methods: Eligible patients included those who received perinatal care at a large, urban, academic medical center, experienced GDM or HDP during their most recent pregnancy, and lacked an existing PCP. Resident, faculty, and advanced practitioners referred patients during antenatal, delivery-related, or postpartum visits. A dedicated scheduler contacted patients to schedule an appointment with a women's health-focused resident or faculty PCP. The percent of patients who attended a postpartum PCP visit, who had an HbA1c and cholesterol panel checked within the first 13 months postpartum, were compared between patients referred and not referred to the program using adjusted odds ratios (aOR).Results: Of 129 individuals referred, 48.1% attended a PCP visit, 31.8% completed cholesterol screening, and 41.9% completed HbA1c screening within 13 months postpartum. After adjusting for age, parity, insurance, and referral indication, referred individuals had greater odds for each outcome (PCP visit: aOR = 6.0, 95% CI 4.0-9.0; cholesterol: aOR = 2.4, 95% 1.6-3.9; HbA1c: aOR = 2.5, 95% CI 1.7-3.7) compared with nonreferred individuals in the same time period.Discussion: A enhanced postpartum PCP referral pathway pilot for birthing individuals was associated with improved follow-up in the first year postpartum.
Carbohydrate restriction in midlife is associated with higher risk of type 2 diabetes among Australian women: A cohort study; Background and aims: Low-carbohydrate diets (LCDs) are increasingly popular but may be nutritionally inadequate. We aimed to examine if carbohydrate restriction in midlife is associated with risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM), and if this association differs by previous gestational diabetes (GDM) diagnosis. Methods and results: Dietary intake was assessed for 9689 women from the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health in 2001 (aged 50-55) and 2013 (aged 62-67) via validated food frequency questionnaires. Average long-term carbohydrate restriction was assessed using a low-carbohydrate diet score (highest quartile (Q4) indicating lowest proportion of energy from carbohydrates). Incidence of T2DM between 2001 and 2016 was self-reported at 3-yearly surveys. Log-binomial regression was used to estimate relative risks (RR) and 95% CIs. During 15 years of follow-up, 959 women (9.9%) developed T2DM. Carbohydrate restriction was associated with T2DM after adjustment for sociodemographic factors, history of GDM diagnosis and physical activity (Q4 vs Ql: RR 1.27 [95% CI 1.10, 1.48]), and this was attenuated when additionally adjusted for BMI (1.10 [0.95, 1.27]). Carbohydrate restriction was associated with lower consumption of fruit, cereals and high-fibre bread, and lower intakes of these food groups were associated with higher T2DM risk. Associations did not differ by history of GDM (P for interaction >0.15). Conclusion: Carbohydrate restriction was associated with higher T2DM incidence in middle-aged women, regardless of GDM history. Health professionals should advise women to avoid LCDs that are low in fruit and grains, and to consume a diet in line with current dietary recommendations. (C) 2019 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
T2D Risk Haplotypes of the <i>TCF7L2</i> Gene in the Czech Population Sample: the Association With Free Fatty Acids Composition; The association of transcription factor 7-like 2 (TCF7L2) gene variants with the pathogenesis of T2D, gestational diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) was examined. The study involved 1460 individuals: 347 T2D patients (D); 261 gestational diabetics (G); 147 offspring of T2D (O); 329 women with PCOS, and 376 controls (C). The SNPs: rs7901695; rs7903146; rs12255372 in the TCF7L2 gene were genotyped. Anthropometric and biochemical parameters, oGTT derived indices were assessed. In addition, free fatty acids (FFAs) were evaluated in 183 non-diabetic women. The CTT haplotype showed the strongest association with T2D with OR 1.57, p=0.0003. The frequency of the CTT/CTT haplotype was decreasing in following order: D 10.6, O 9.5, G 6.1, C 5.3 and PCOS 4.9 [%]. Among CTT carriers, significantly decreased levels of oGTT-stimulated insulin and C-peptide as well as proportions of fasting PUFAs were observed. The carriership of CTG/TCG was associated with gestational diabetes, OR 2.59, p=0.036. The association of TCF7L2 haplotypes with T2D and gestational diabetes but not with PCOS was confirmed. Novel association of TCF7L2 with FFAs composition was found.
Mitochondrial gene mutations in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Taiwan; We studied the prevalence of mitochondrial gene mutations in subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) in a Chinese population living in Taiwan. Eighty-four subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and 105 unrelated normal controls were recruited in the present study. Both an A-to-G mutation at position 3243 and a mutation at position 8,344 of the mitochondrial DNA were screened by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism methods and confirmed by direct DNA sequence analysis. The insulin secretory response was assessed by the C-peptide response to glucagon administration. Among 84 IDDM patients, two (2.4%) subjects were found to carry the 3,243 nucleotide pair (np) mutation. There was no np 8,344 mutation in this series. Of the two subjects carrying a mitochondrial gene mutation, case 1 manifested initially as gestational diabetes mellitus. Manifestation of case 2 was consistent with MELAS, a syndrome of mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes. The pancreatic beta cell reserve was reduced, as the glucagon-stimulated C-peptide response was very low in these two cases. HLA genotyping studies revealed that case 2 carried DRB1+0301-DQA1*050 1-DQB*0201/DRB1*0405-DQA1*0301-DQB1*0302, which was the most susceptible genotype to IDDM in our population, Anti-GAD(65) antibody was also positive in this patient. In addition to the nuclear genes, a defective mitochondrial gene might contribute to some of the clinical cases with IDDM.
Sleep Disordered Breathing and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Sleep disordered breathing (SDB) occurs in 0.6% to 15% of reproductive aged women. Because of an overlap in symptoms of SDB and normal pregnancy findings, the diagnosis of SDB in pregnancy is challenging. The repetitive arousals, sleep fragmentation, and hypoxias experienced by patients with SDB lead to an increase in oxidative stress and inflammation. In the nonpregnant population, SDB is associated with an increased risk of diabetes mellitus, heart disease, and stroke. Increasing evidence identifies an association between SDB in pregnancy and gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and fetal growth abnormalities.
Predictive Risk Factors for Mild and Severe Germinal Matrix Hemorrhage and Associated Neurodevelopmental Prognosis: A Retrospective Study; Aims: To compare commonly mentioned risk factors between mild germinal matrix hemorrhage-Intraventricular hemorrhage (GMH-IVH) (grade I & II) and severe GMH-IVH (grade III & IV) and to study the long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes in relation to severe GMH-IVH. Study Design: Retrospective cohort study. Place and Duration of Study: Neonatal intensive care unit, King Fahad University Hospital, between 2000 and 2020. Methodology: We included 54 premature infants at <= 36 weeks of gestation and with birth weight<2500g admitted to our neonatal intensive care unit. Premature neonates were divided into two subgroups: mild GMH-IVH (grade I and II) and severe (grade III and IV). We investigated the risk factors and neurodevelopmental outcomes in association with GMH-IVH. Results: Amnionitis (OR: 1.190, 95% CI 0.515-2.749), lower genital tract infection (OR: 1.190, 95% CI 0.515-2.749), antenatal infection (OR: 1.406, 95% CI 0.866-2.283), gestational diabetes mellitus (OR: 1.815, 95% CI 1.410-2.337), usage of inotropes (OR: 1.731, 95% CI 1.348-2.222), APGAR score <7 (OR: 0.806, 95% CI 0.493-1.316), birth trauma (OR: 1.767, 95% CI 1.396-2.236), catecholamines (OR: 1.470, 95% CI 0.903-2.393), intubation (OR: 1.300, 95% CI 0.686-2.464), asphyxia (OR: 1.135, 95% CI 0.718-1.794), Abnormal coagulation (OR: 1.197, 95% CI 0.7561.896), congenital heart disease (OR: 1.727, 95% CI 1.124-2.653), low hematocrit (OR: 1.140, 95% CI 0.688-1.889), resuscitation (OR: 1,193, 95% CI 0.748-1.904) and ventriculoperitoneal (VP) shunt as a prognosis of hydrocephalus (P-value: 0.005) all showed a higher incidence with severe GMH-IVH Conclusion: Amnionitis, lower genital tract infection, antenatal infections, GDM, usage of inotropes, APGAR score <7, birth trauma, catecholamines, intubation, asphyxia, resuscitation, abnormal coagulation parameters, congenital heart disease, low hematocrit and hydrocephalus with VP shunt were higher in severe GMH-IVH.
Physiological response during exercise is preserved in children exposed to a suboptimal gestational environment; ObjectiveThis study investigated whether exposure to suboptimal gestational factors (SGFs) alters mechanical efficiency (ME) and substrate oxidation during rest and exercise in children as a mechanism contributing to obesity.MethodsData from the Quebec Adiposity and Lifestyle Investigation in Youth cohort were used. Children aged 8 to 10 years performed an incremental maximal cycling test with indirect calorimetry. Their ME was measured during submaximal and maximal effort. The substrate oxidation during rest and submaximal effort was also computed. ME and substrate oxidation results between children exposed to each SGF during pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus: n = 68; hypertensive disorders: n = 49; maternal smoking: n = 77) and nonexposed children (n = 370) were compared.ResultsNo difference was observed for ME during submaximal (F[3,540] = 0.46, p = 0.713) and maximal effort (F[3,545] = 0.86, p = 0.463) between exposed and nonexposed children. The percentage contributions of lipids and carbohydrates did not differ during rest (F[3,545] =1.68, p = 0.169) or submaximal exercise (F[3,544] = 0.31, p = 0.534) between exposed and nonexposed children.ConclusionsChildren exposed to investigated SGFs display a similar physiological response regarding ME and substrate oxidation during rest and exercise compared to nonexposed children. Future studies should confirm these novel results and continue investigating other research avenues to explain the higher risk of obesity in this population.
Association Between Polycystic Ovary Syndrome and Metabolic Syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine and metabolic disorder affecting women in reproductive age. Although the etiology of PCOS remains unclear, it is believed to result from genetic, environmental and behavioral interactions. Women with PCOS have higher lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease (CVR) than healthy women at the same age and tend to display insulin resistance (IR). IR has traditionally been defined as a decreased ability of insulin to mediate the metabolic actions on glucose uptake, glucose production, and/or lipolysis. This results in a requirement for increased amounts of insulin to achieve a given metabolic action. Metabolic syndrome (MS) includes hyperinsulinemia, dyslipidemia, increased CVR and hyperleptinemia and metabolic disorders such as hypertension, IR, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes mellitus, systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. The prevalence of MS in women is around 50 %. In addition, it has been recently suggested that women with MS show increased circulating androgens. The present review discusses the main alterations and features of PCOS and MS and the most important treatments.
Consensus document from the Spanish Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology (SEGO) and the Spanish Interdisciplinary Committee for Vascular Prevention (CEIPV). Window of opportunity: vascular risk prevention in women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes and risk of vascular disease; This document summarises the evidence regarding the association between adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), such as hypertensive disorders, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, fetal growth defects (small for gestational age and/or fetal growth restriction), placental abruption, fetal loss, and the risk that a pregnant individual in developing vascular risk factors (VR) that may lead to future vascular disease (VD): coronary heart disease, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, and heart failure. Furthermore, this document emphasises the importance of recognising APOs when assessing VR in women. A history of APOs serves as a sufficient indicator for primary prevention of VD. In fact, adopting a healthy diet and increasing physical activity among women with APOs, starting during pregnancy and/ or postpartum, and maintaining it throughout life are significant interventions that can reduce VR. On the other hand, breastfeeding can also reduce the future VR of women, including a lower risk of mortality. Future studies evaluating the use of aspirin, statins, and metformin, among others, in women with a history of APOs could strengthen recommendations regarding pharmacotherapy for primary prevention of VD in these patients. Various healthcare system options exist to improve the transition of care for women with APOs between different healthcare professionals and implement long-term VR reduction strategies. One potential process could involve incorporating the fourth-trimester concept into clinical recommendations and healthcare policies.
Metabolic syndrome in pregnancy and risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes: A prospective cohort of nulliparous women; Background Obesity increases the risk for developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and preeclampsia (PE), which both associate with increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women in later life. In the general population, metabolic syndrome (MetS) associates with T2DM and CVD. The impact of maternal MetS on pregnancy outcomes, in nulliparous pregnant women, has not been investigated. Methods and findings Low-risk, nulliparous women were recruited to the multi-centre, international prospective Screening for Pregnancy Endpoints (SCOPE) cohort between 11 November 2004 and 28 February 2011. Women were assessed for a range of demographic, lifestyle, and metabolic health variables at 15 +/- 1 weeks' gestation. MetS was defined according to International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria for adults: waist circumference >= 80 cm, along with any 2 of the following: raised trigycerides (>= 1.70 mmol/l [< 150 mg/dl]), reduced high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (<1.29 mmol/l [<50 mg/dl]), raised blood pressure (BP) (i.e., systolic BP >= 130 mm Hg or diastolic BP >= 85 mm Hg), or raised plasma glucose (>= 5.6 mmol/l). Logbinomial regression analyses were used to examine the risk for each pregnancy outcome (GDM, PE, large for gestational age [LGA], small for gestational age [SGA], and spontaneous preterm birth [sPTB]) with each of the 5 individual components for MetS and as a composite measure (i.e., MetS, as defined by the IDF). The relative risks, adjusted for maternal BMI, age, study centre, ethnicity, socioeconomic index, physical activity, smoking status, depression status, and fetal sex, are reported. A total of 5,530 women were included, and 12.3% (n = 684) had MetS. Women with MetS were at an increased risk for PE by a factor of 1.63 (95% CI 1.23 to 2.15) and for GDM by 3.71 (95% CI 2.42 to 5.67). In absolute terms, for PE, women with MetS had an adjusted excess risk of 2.52% (95% CI 1.51% to 4.11%) and, for GDM, had an adjusted excess risk of 8.66% (95% CI 5.38% to 13.94%). Diagnosis of MetS was not associated with increased risk for LGA, SGA, or sPTB. Increasing BMI in combination with MetS increased the estimated probability for GDM and decreased the probability of an uncomplicated pregnancy. Limitations of this study are that there are several different definitions for MetS in the adult population, and as there are none for pregnancy, we cannot be sure that the IDF criteria are the most appropriate definition for pregnancy. Furthermore, MetS was assessed in the first trimester and may not reflect prepregnancy metabolic health status. Conclusions We did not compare the impact of individual metabolic components with that of MetS as a composite, and therefore cannot conclude that MetS is better at identifying women at risk. However, more than half of the women who had MetS in early pregnancy developed a pregnancy complication compared with just over a third of women who did not have MetS. Furthermore, while increasing BMI increases the probability of GDM, the addition of MetS exacerbates this probability. Further studies are required to determine if individual MetS components act synergistically or independently.
Association between <i>H. pylori</i> infection and health Outcomes: an umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses; Objective Systematic reviews and meta-analyses have revealed the associations between H. pylori infection and various health outcomes. We aimed to evaluate the strength and breadth of evidence on the associations. Design Umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses. Setting No settings. Participants No patients involved. Data sources Embase, PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane Library Databases, CNKI, VIP database and Wangfang database from inception to February 1, 2019. Outcomes measures Diverse diseases (such as cancer and ischaemic heart disease). Results Sixty articles reporting 88 unique outcomes met the eligible criteria. 74 unique outcomes had nominal significance (p<0.05). Of the outcomes with significance, 61 had harmful associations and 13 had beneficial associations. Furthermore, 73% (64) of the outcomes exhibited significant heterogeneity . Of the these meta-analyses, 32 had moderate to high heterogeneity (I-2=50%-75%) and 24 had high heterogeneity (I-2>75%). Moreover, 20% exhibited publication bias (p<0.1). In addition, 97% of the methodological qualities were rated 'critically low'. 36% of the evidence qualities of outcomes were rated 'low', 56% of the evidence qualities were rated 'very low' and 8% of the evidence qualities were rated 'moderate'. H. pylori infection may be associated with an increased risk of five diseases and a decreased risk of irritable bowel syndrome. Conclusion Although 60 meta-analyses explored 88 unique outcomes, moderate quality evidence only existed for six outcomes with statistical significance. H. pylori infection may be associated with a decreased risk of irritable bowel syndrome and an increased risk of hypertriglyceridemia, chronic cholecystitis and cholelithiasis, gestational diabetes mellitus, gastric cancer and systemic sclerosis.
Active induction management of labor for diabetic pregnancies at term; mode of delivery and fetal outcome - a single center experience; Objectives: To evaluate the mode of delivery in diabetic pregnancies at term following induction of labor with vaginal application of prostaglandin E2 (PGE2), and to identify possible predictors of successful vaginal delivery. Patients and methods: The study group consisted of 105 women with diabetic pregnancies at term admitted for induction of labor; 84 (80%) had gestational diabetes (GDM) and 21 (20%) type 1 diabetes. Findings were compared with women who underwent elective induction of labor (n = 115), and women with normal spontaneous onset of labor (n = 510). Women with previous cesarean section (CS) were excluded from both study and control groups. Results: Maternal age and gravidity were significantly higher in the study group than the control groups (age: 31.4 +/- 5, 28 +/- 5.0 and 28.1 +/- 4.8 years, respectively; gravidity: 3.0 +/- 1.9, 2.5 +/- 1.6, and 2.1 +/- 1.4, respectively; P < 0.001 for both) and gestational age and nulliparity rate were significantly lower (gestational age: 38.6 +/- 1.1, 40.2 +/- 1.3 and 39.3 +/- 2.7 weeks, respectively; nulliparity: 34.6, 45.2, 51.6%, respectively; P < 0.002 for both). There were no between-group differences in the incidence of oligohydramnios, number of PGE2 applications used, birth weight, rate of non-reassuring fetal heart rate pattern leading to CS, and rate of low 5 min Apgar score (<7). The rate of CS in the study group (18.2%) was significantly higher than in the spontaneous labor group (9%) but similar to the elective induction group (14.8%). On stepwise analysis, only nulliparity (OR 4.56, 95% CI 1.11-18.67, P = 0.035) was independently and significantly associated with increased risk of CS. Within the study group (R-2 = 0.257, P = 0.002), type 1 diabetes (OR 2.4, 95% CI 1.04-5.51) was independently and significantly associated with increased risk of CS. Conclusion: In diabetic pregnancies, induction of labor at term with vaginal PGE2 is successful in approximately 82% of patients, but yields a significantly higher CS rate compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. Nulliparity and diagnosis of type 1 diabetes are independently and significantly associated with increased risk of CS. Condensation: In diabetic pregnancies, induction of labor at term is successful in 82% of patients, but yields higher CS rates compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. (C) 2003 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
A cross-sectional study of tumor markers during normal and high-risk pregnancies; Objective: To determine tumor marker concentrations during normal and high-risk pregnancies. Methods: The present cross-sectional study included women attending the gynecology outpatient department at All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi, India, between November 1, 2012 and March 31, 2013. Their serum was assayed for carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA), cancer antigen 19-9 (CA19-9), and cancer antigen 15-3 (CA15-3). Results: A total of 251 pregnant women and 31 nonpregnant women were included. Median CEA value was lower among pregnant women than among nonpregnant women (12 mu g/L vs 1.4 mu g/L; P = 0.006), whereas that of CA15-3 was higher (16.7 U/mL vs 123 U/mL; P = 0.03). CA19-9 concentration was higher among pregnant women aged 25-29 years (7.0 U/mL) or 30-34 years (7.2 U/mL) than among those aged 20-24 years (4.2 U/mL; P = 0.01 for both). The CA15-3 level was increased during the second (13.0 U/mL) and third (60.5 U/mL) trimesters compared with the first trimester (9.5 U/mL) (P 0.01 for both comparisons). It was also raised in high-risk pregnancies (33.7 U/mL), specifically pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (39.7 U/mL), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (64.3 U/mL), or heart disease (54.0 U/mL) (P < 0.05 for all). Conclusion: CA15-3 concentrations rise during pregnancy, but whether this increase can be attributed to physiological changes in breast tissue needs to be investigated further. (C) 2015 Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd. on behalf of International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.
Lifestyle and glycemic health 5 years postpartum in obese and non-obese high diabetes risk women; Aim Women with prior gestational diabetes (GDM) are at increased diabetes risk. This study aimed to assess whether lifestyle is associated with glycemic health of high-risk women 5 years postpartum, taking into account the pre-pregnancy BMI. Methods The RADIEL study enrolled before or in early pregnancy 720 women with pre-pregnancy BMI >= 30 kg/m(2)and/or prior GDM. The follow-up visit 5 years postpartum included questionnaires and measurements of anthropometrics, blood pressure, and physical activity (PA) as well as analyses of glucose metabolism, lipids, and inflammatory markers. We measured body composition (Inbody) and calculated a Healthy Food Intake Index (HFII) from Food Frequency Questionnaires (FFQ). ArmBand measured PA, sedentary time, and sleep. To take into account the diverse risk groups of GDM, we divided the women based on pre-pregnancy BMI over/under 30 kg/m(2). Results Altogether 348 women attended the follow-up. The obese and non-obese women showed similar prevalence of glycemic abnormalities, 13% and 19% (p = 0.139). PA levels were higher among the non-obese women (p < 0.05), except for step count, and their HFII was higher compared to the obese women (p = 0.033). After adjusting for age, education, and GDM history, PA and HFII were associated with glycemic health only among obese women. When both lifestyle factors were in the same model, only PA remained significant. PA associated with other markers of metabolic health also among the non-obese women, excluding HbA1c. Conclusion Lifestyle 5 years postpartum was associated with better glycemic health only among the obese high-risk women. PA, however, is essential for the metabolic health of all high-risk women.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Postpartum Care as a Pathway to Future Health; Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) collectively represent the leading causes of maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. Beyond the potentially devastating impact of APOs during pregnancy and the puerperium, women diagnosed with APOs have a 2-fold to 4-fold increased risk of future cardiovascular disease. Fortunately, APOs occur at an opportune time, in early-adulthood to mid-adulthood, when primary and secondary prevention strategies can alter the disease trajectory and improve long-term health outcomes. This chapter takes a life-course approach to (1) the epidemiology of APOs, (2) evidence-based strategies for clinicians to manage APOs, and (3) future directions for APO research and clinical practice.
Gender does matter in perinatal medicine; Objective: To investigate complications and outcome of pregnancies with male and female fetuses. Methods: A population-based study comparing all singleton deliveries between the years 1988 and 1999 was performed. We compared pregnancies with male vs. female fetuses. Patients with a previous cesarean section ( CS) were excluded from the study. Statistical analyses with the Mantel-Haenszel technique and multiple logistic regression models were performed to control for confounders. Results: During the study period there were 55,891 deliveries of male and 53,104 deliveries of female neonates. Patients carrying male fetuses had higher rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (OR = 1.1; 95% CI 1.01-1.12; p = 0.012), fetal macrosomia (OR = 2.0; 95% CI 1.8-2.1; p < 0.001), failure to progress during the first and second stages of labor (OR = 1.2; 95% CI 1.1-1.3; p < 0.001 and OR = 1.4; 95% CI 1.3-1.5; p < 0.001, respectively), cord prolapse (OR = 1.3; 95% CI 1.1-1.6; p = 0.014), nuchal cord (OR = 1.2; 95% CI 1.1-1.2; p < 0.001) and true umbilical cord knots (OR = 1.5; 95% CI 1.3-1.7; p < 0.001). Higher rates of CS were found among male compared with female neonates (8.7 vs. 7.9%; OR = 1.1; 95% CI 1.06-1.16; p ! 0.001). Using three multivariate logistic regression models and controlling for birth weight and gestational age, male gender was significantly associated with non-reassuring fetal heart rate patterns (OR = 1.5; 95% CI 1.4-1.6; p < 0.001), low Apgar scores at 5 min (OR = 1.5; 95% CI 1.3-1.8; p < 0.001) and CS (OR = 1.2; 95% CI 1.2-1.3; p ! 0.001). Controlling for possible confounders like gestational diabetes, cord prolapse, failed induction, nonprogressive labor, fetal macrosomia, nuchal cord and true umbilical cord knots using the Mantel-Haenszel technique did not change the significant association between male gender and CS. Conclusion: Male gender is an independent risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcome. Copyright (C) 2004 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Updating the evidence on physical activity and health in women; Objective: This narrative review updates evidence from the last 10 years on physical activity (PA) and the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and cancer in women. Methods: A literature search was conducted to identify prospective cohort studies published from January 1997 to February 2006. Results: There were significant reductions in risk in 12 of 17 studies of cardiovascular outcomes (risk reductions ranging from 28% to 58%), in seven of eight studies of diabetes (14% to 46%), in seven of ten studies of breast cancer (11% to 67%), in two of two studies of endometrial cancer (68% to 90%), and in one of three studies of colorectal cancer (31% to 46%). There was mixed evidence for PA preventing gestational diabetes (three studies) and a range of other cancers (13 studies). Protective benefits for cardiovascular disease and diabetes were reported with as little as 60 minutes of moderate-intensity physical activity per week (240 Metabolic Equivalent (MET) minutes or 4 MET hours), with walking and moderate-intensity physical activity providing risk reductions comparable to those for the equivalent energy expenditure from more vigorous-intensity physical activity. Conclusions: There is strong evidence of a role for PA in the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and some cancers in women. There was no evidence of additional health benefits from vigorous-intensity PA, over and above those achieved from walking or moderate-intensity PA. This may be because, in most studies, there was limited reporting of vigorous PA by women. For some health outcomes, the amount of PA required for health benefits in middle-aged and older women might be lower than current national recommendations.
Insulin resistance in women's health: why it matters and how to identify it; Purpose of review To examine the significance of insulin resistance in women's health and review methods for diagnosing it. Recent findings Clinical phenotypes in conjunction with standard clinical biochemical assays, that is, the metabolic syndrome, remain the key method to diagnose insulin resistance in clinical practice. Candidate alleles from type 2 diabetes offer little predictive value for cardiovascular events beyond traditional risk factors. Simple environmental factors such as irregular meal frequency appear to increase the risk of the metabolic syndrome and require greater scrutiny. Pregnancy complications, particularly gestational diabetes and preeclampsia in the mother and preterm birth in the fetus are events that suggest elevated risk for future cardiovascular morbidity in those affected. Summary Clinical phenotypes of insulin resistance identify women at risk for perinatal and reproductive complications.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Long-term Maternal Kidney Disease A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Importance Adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery, are associated with increased risk of maternal cardiovascular disease. Little is known about whether adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with increased risk of maternal chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). Objective To review and synthesize the published literature on adverse pregnancy outcomes (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery) and subsequent maternal CKD and ESKD. Data Sources PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science were searched from inception to July 31, 2019, for cohort and case-control studies of adverse pregnancy outcomes and maternal CKD and ESKD. Study Selection Selected studies included the following: a population of pregnant women, exposure to an adverse pregnancy outcome of interest, and at least 1 primary outcome (CKD or ESKD) or secondary outcome (hospitalization or death due to kidney disease). Adverse pregnancy outcomes included exposure to hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, or chronic hypertension), preterm delivery (<37 weeks), and gestational diabetes. Three reviewers were involved in study selection. Of 5656 studies retrieved, 23 were eligible for inclusion. Data Extraction and Synthesis The Meta-analyses of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (MOOSE) guidelines were followed throughout. Three reviewers extracted data and appraised study quality. Random-effects meta-analyses were used to calculate overall pooled estimates using the generic inverse variance method. Main Outcomes and Measures Primary outcomes included CKD and ESKD diagnosis, defined using established clinical criteria (estimated glomerular filtration rate or albuminuria values) or hospital records. The protocol for this systematic review was registered on PROSPERO (CRD42018110891). Results Of 23 studies included (5& x202f;769& x202f;891 participants), 5 studies reported effect estimates for more than 1 adverse pregnancy outcome. Preeclampsia was associated with significantly increased risk of CKD (pooled adjusted risk ratio [aRR], 2.11; 95% CI, 1.72-2.59), ESKD (aRR, 4.90; 95% CI, 3.56-6.74), and kidney-related hospitalization (aRR, 2.65; 95% CI, 1.03-6.77). Gestational hypertension was associated with increased risk of CKD (aRR, 1.49; 95% CI, 1.11-2.01) and ESKD (aRR, 3.64; 95% CI, 2.34-5.66). Preterm preeclampsia was associated with increased risk of ESKD (aRR, 5.66; 95% CI, 3.06-10.48); this association with ESKD persisted for women who had preterm deliveries without preeclampsia (aRR, 2.09; 95% CI, 1.64-2.66). Gestational diabetes was associated with increased risk of CKD among black women (aRR, 1.78; 95% CI, 1.18-2.70), but not white women (aRR, 0.81; 95% CI, 0.58-1.13). Conclusions and Relevance In this meta-analysis, exposure to adverse pregnancy outcomes, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery, was associated with higher risk of long-term kidney disease. The risk of ESKD was highest among women who experienced preeclampsia. A systematic approach may be warranted to identify women at increased risk of kidney disease, particularly after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and to optimize their long-term follow-up. This systematic review and meta-analysis examines the published literature on adverse pregnancy outcomes (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery) and subsequent maternal chronic kidney disease and end-stage kidney disease. Question Are adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with risk of long-term kidney disease in women? Findings In this systematic review and meta-analysis of 23 studies (5& x202f;769& x202f;891 participants), the risk of end-stage kidney disease was 4.9 times higher in women who had preeclampsia, and 3.6 times higher in women who had gestational hypertension vs women with normotensive pregnancies. The risk of end-stage kidney disease was 2.1 times higher in women who had preterm deliveries compared with women who delivered at term. Meaning Women who experience hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and other adverse pregnancy outcomes may warrant closer surveillance for long-term kidney disease.
Management of ureteric stone in pregnancy: a review; Background: Urolithiasis in pregnancy is a major health concern and is one of the most common causes for non-obstetrical abdominal pain and subsequent hospital admission during pregnancy. The incidence of urinary calculi during pregnancy varies in the range of 1/200 to 1/2000. Acute ureteric colic in pregnancy is associated with significant potential risks to both mother and fetus. Significant anatomic and functional changes occur in pregnancy which not only lead to stone formation but also create diagnostic dilemma. The diagnosis of ureteric calculi can be incorrect in about 28% of pregnant patients. Main body: Management of ureteric stone during pregnancy is remaining to be a challenge for the treating urologist. Because of the inability to use good imaging options for the diagnosis confirmation and more invasive approach for the treatment, management continues to be difficult. The main threats are preterm labor with delivery and premature rupture of membranes. Other pregnancy complications are obstructive uropathy, gestational diabetes mellitus, recurrent abortions and pre-eclampsia. Management of diagnosed ureteric stone is unique in the pregnant population and requires multi-disciplinary care. It should be individualized for each patient and moves preferably from conservative to invasive approaches sequentially. With continued advancements in endourological techniques, few definitive treatment options are also available for such patients. Conclusion: There are several lacunae related with the diagnostic imaging, medical expulsive therapy, reliability of ureteral stent/percutaneous nephrostomy insertions and safety of ureteroscopy during pregnancy. Herein, we review the management of ureteric stone during pregnancy, the various diagnostic modalities and treatment options with their advantages and disadvantages. We also proposed our management algorithm to deal with such clinical scenario in this particular population.
Risk of Subsequent Hypertension and Diabetes in Women With Hypertension During Pregnancy and Gestational Diabetes; Objective: To assess risks of postpartum hypertension and diabetes mellitus (DM) for women with hypertension during pregnancy (HDP) with and without gestational DM (GDM). Patients and Methods: From insurance data of 15- to 44-year-old women with pregnancy in 2000-2011, we established an HDP/GDM cohort (n = 1270), an HDP/non-GDM cohort (n = 5077), and a comparison cohort without either disorder (n = 12,594), frequency matched by age and year of pregnancy. Postpartum hypertension and DM were assessed before 2012. Results: The postpartum hypertension incidence increased with age in all cohorts, with overall rates of 13.1, 8.82, and 0.79 per 1000 person-years in the HDP/GDM, HDP/non-GDM, and comparison cohorts, respectively. The adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) of hypertension were 16.8 (95% CI, 11.8-24.1) for the HDP/GDM cohort and 11.2 (95% CI, 8.19-15.2) for the HDP/non-GDM cohort relative to the comparison cohort. The corresponding incident DM rates were 41.9 and 8.06 vs 2.55 per 1000 person-years in the 3 cohorts, respectively, with aHRs of 16.2 (95% CI, 13.2-19.9) for the HDP/GDM cohort and 3.15 (95% CI, 2.55-3.89) for the HDP/non-GDM cohort relative to the comparison cohort. Incident DM in the HDP/ GDM cohort was 44% greater in 15- to 29-year-old women vs 40- to 44-year-old women (49.1 vs 34.2 per 1000 person-years), with aHRs of 39.2 (95% CI, 24.5-62.7) and 5.52 (95% CI, 2.92-10.4), respectively, relative to comparisons of respective age groups. Conclusion: Subsequent hypertension and DM risks are greater in women with HDP/GDM than in women with HDP only compared with women without these complications. Younger women with HDP/ GDM should be particularly cautious. (C) 2016 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research
The ex-utero intrapartum treatment (EXIT) strategy for fetal giant sacrococcygeal teratoma with cardiac insufficiency: A case report and review of the literature; Background: Antenatally diagnosed sacrococcygeal teratoma has been associated with risks of perinatal complications and death, especially when the foetus has symptoms of cardiac insufficiency, hydrops or anemia in utero; however, the method of intervention remains controversial. Case: A 25-year-old pregnant woman was found to have a cystic and solid tumor in the fetal sacrococcygeal region at 16 weeks of gestation. As the tumour grew, the mother developed polyhydramnios accompanied with gestational diabetes. Fetal and tumorous hemodynamics were closely monitored by ultrasound. Abnormal cardiac function was detected at 31 weeks' gestation, and we creatively performed pre-emptive delivery through the ex-utero intrapartum treatment with debulking. The teratoma was removed with utero-placental circulation support. The operation proceeded smoothly with favourable prognosis for both mother and newborn. Conclusion: The ex-utero intrapartum treatment may improve the prognosis for fetuses with heart failure when they reach viable gestation.
Reducing morbidity and mortality among pregnant obese; Obesity is increasing; in the UK, almost 20% of pregnant women have a body mass index (BMI) of >= 30 kg/m(2). Obese mothers have increased risks of pregnancy complications including miscarriage, congenital anomaly, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, macrosomia, induction of labour, caesarean section, anaesthetic and surgical complications, post-partum haemorrhage, infection and venous thromboembolism. Complications tend to be greater in those with the highest BMIs. In recent triennia, obesity (27-29%) was over-represented in maternal mortality figures. Strategies to reduce morbidity and mortality include calculating BMI at booking visit to identify obese mothers and plan their antenatal care and delivery. This should include nutritional and lifestyle advice, screening for gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia, thromboembolism risk assessment, antenatal anaesthetic review if BMI is >= 40 kg/m(2), ensuring availability of robust theatre tables and other equipment and involving senior doctors, especially in the labour ward. Afterwards, continuing weight reduction should be encouraged to reduce future pregnancy and health risks. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Role of metformin in the management of type 2 diabetes: recent advances; Metformin is one of the oldest antidiabetic medications, commonly used in the management of type 2 diabetes. Its mechanism of action is based on reducing glucose production in the liver, decreasing insulin resistance, and increasing insulin sensitivity. The drug has been studied extensively and has been shown to be effective in lowering blood glucose levels without increasing the risk of hypoglycemia. It has been used for the treatment of obesity, gestational diabetes, and polycystic ovary syndrome. According to current guidelines, metformin can be used as the first -line agent in the management of diabetes; however, in individuals with type 2 diabetes who would benefit from cardio -renal protection, newer agents, such as sodium -glucose cotransporter -2 inhibitors and glucagon -like peptide -1 receptor agonists, are favored as the first -line therapy. The novel classes of antidiabetic medications have demonstrated significant positive effects on glycemia with added benefits in patients with obesity, renal disease, heart failure, and cardiovascular disease. The emergence of these more effective agents has significantly altered the way diabetes is managed, thus prompting re -evaluation of metformin as the initial therapy for all patients with diabetes.
Pregestational excess weight, maternal obstetric complications and mode of delivery in the Rhea cohort in Crete; Background: There has been a significant increase in overweight and obesity worldwide reaching global epidemic, with dramatic increase also among women of reproductive age or entering pregnancy. Aims of the study were to estimate the prevalence of maternal pregestational overweight and obesity and their association with and contribution to maternal obstetric complications and mode of delivery. Methods: One thousand two hundred eighty-six women with singleton pregnancies were followed-up prospectively from early pregnancy to delivery in Crete. Results: The prevalence of pre-pregnancy overweight and obesity were 20 and 11.5%, respectively. After adjusting for potential confounders, overweight and/or obesity were associated with an increased risk for caesarean deliveries [RRoverweight_vs._normal BMI = 1.21, 95% CI (1.06, 1.38), RRobese_vs._normal BMI = 1.21, 95% CI (1.02, 1.42)], gestational diabetes mellitus [RRobese_vs._normal BMI = 2.11, 95% CI (1.28, 3.47)] and high blood pressure [RRsevery. obese_vs._normal BMI = 3.32, 95% CI (1.36, 8.06)] any time in pregnancy. Pre-pregnancy excess weight has potentially contributed to 21% of planned caesarean deliveries in primiparae (almost 45% of such cases among overweight/obese primiparea were potentially attributed to pregestational excess weight). One-third of gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes cases among overweight/obese mothers could be attributed to pregestational excess weight, although results did not reach statistical significance. Conclusions: Pregestational overweight and obesity continued to increase even more in recent years. Findings further support that maternal excess weight has a significant effect on and contribution to multiple maternal obstetric complications and the mode of delivery, underlining the necessity of obesity prevention, health policy strategies and health care that can result in significant individual and societal benefits.
Resolution of Neonatal Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Presumed Secondary to Acquired Maternal Ribonucleoprotein and Smith Autoantibodies; Severe asymmetrical hypertrophic cardiomyopathy without heart block accompanied by neuromuscular hypotonia and feeding difficulties was evident shortly after birth in the second child of a mother with systemic lupus erythematosus who had no indication of gestational diabetes. High-level anti-ribonucleoprotein (RNP) and Smoth (Sm) antibodies arising from transplacental transfer of maternal antibodies were detected in the child's serum. The cardiac abnormalities improved with a commensurate decline in antibody titers. Previously reported cases of neonatal cardiomyopathy with endocardial fibroelastosis have been ascribed to the transplacental transfer of maternal Sjogrens Syndrome (SS) A (Ro) and Sjogrens Syndrome (SS) B (La) antibodies and have been more severe and persistent compared with our patient. We advocate close monitoring of all babies of mothers with systemic autoimmunity for changes in heart rate during pregnancy and signs of heart failure and neuromuscular weakness after delivery.
NIDDM - THE DEVASTATING DISEASE; Of the various types of diabetes mellitus, non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) is by far the most common and is increasing rapidly in many populations around the world. It is a heterogeneous disorder, characterized by a genetic predisposition and interaction between insulin resistance and decreased pancreatic beta-cell function. There is a strong association between the presence of obesity and low levels of physical exercise and the development of NIDDM. However, NIDDM may also develop in lean individuals and the incidence increases significantly with increasing age. A diagnosis of impaired glucose tolerance or gestational diabetes is a strong predictor for future development of NIDDM and should signal appropriate interventions to prevent or delay the progression to NIDDM. NIDDM is frequently associated with other conditions such as hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia and decreased high-density lipoprotein which are additional risk factors for atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease. The 'insulin resistance syndrome', which includes obesity, NIDDM, hypertension, hyperinsulinemia and dyslipidemia is a major and increasing cause of morbidity and mortaility in many populations. In addition, people with NIDDM and poor glycemic control may develop severe microvascular complications of diabetes, including retinopathy, nephropathy and neuropathy. Appropriate diet, weight control and increased physical activity will increase insulin sensitivity in insulin resistant patients and are effective treatments for patients with NIDDM or may prevent the development of NIDDM in susceptible individuals. If these measures are unsuccessful, then oral hypoglycemic agents or insulin therapy may be required. Maintaining near normal blood glucose levels will decrease the development or progression of long-term complications of diabetes and should be a major goal of therapy, balancing intensive treatment with the increased risk of severe hypoglycemia. Because of the increasing prevalence of NIDDM in many populations, increased awareness of the disease, surveillance of high-risk populations and early diagnosis and treatment are all important in reducing the morbidity associated with this disease.
Undiagnosed diabetes mellitus and related factors in East Gojjam (NW Ethiopia) in 2016: a community-based study; Introduction. Currently, diabetes is the second most common non-communicable disease (NCD) in Ethiopia. Its burden is 4.8% in this country, even though three quarter of its population live with undiagnosed diabetes mellitus (DM), which causes complications like heart failure, blood vessels, eyes, kidneys and nerves damages. Early detection of DM is vital for a timely intervention to prevent these life threatening complications. The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence of undiagnosed DM and related factors in East Gojjam, North West Ethiopia, in 2016. Materials and methods. A community-based cross-sectional study was conducted among 757 individuals in East Gojjam from June to September 2016. The sampled population was selected using multi-stage cluster sampling method. Basic data were collected in Amharic (local language) and a pretested interviewer administered the questionnaire. Peripheral blood samples were collected by puncturing the ring finger in order to measure fasting blood glucose. Univarite and multivariate logistic regressions analysis were performed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) software version 20.0. Results. The percentage of undiagnosed DM in the study area was 11.5% (95% CI=9.2, 13.7). The prevalence was 11.3% among male vs. 11.8% among female; 13.4% in urban areas vs. 10.3% in rural areas. The occurrence of undiagnosed DM was mainly associated with older age (AOR=5.99, 95% CI=1.54, 23.24), family history of diabetes (AOR=9.86, 95% CI=4.25, 22.89), history of gestational diabetes (AOR=3.01, 95% CI=1.17, 8.39) and sedentary behaviour >4 hours per day (AOR=2.13, 95% CI=1.04, 4.34). Being non-smoker (AOR=0.05, 95% CI=0.01, 0.17) and unmarried (AOR=0.09, 95% CI=0.02, 0.42) were also predictive characteristics for undiagnosed DM in the study area. Conclusions. In conclusion, this study revealed a relatively high prevalence of undiagnosed DM in the study area. The occurrence of undiagnosed DM was significantly higher when associated with the age of the participants, their marital status, history of hypertension, diabetes family history, history of gestational diabetes mellitus, current smoking practices and sedentary behaviour. Thus, efforts have to be made, particularly by the individuals involved in health practice, to early detect the disease and thereby initiate a suitable therapeutic service, before complications arise
Maternal Morbidity and Risk of Death at Delivery Hospitalization; OBJECTIVE: To examine the effect of underlying maternal morbidities on the odds of maternal death during delivery hospitalization. METHODS: We used data that linked birth certificates to hospital discharge diagnoses from singleton live births at 22 weeks of gestation or later during 1995-2003 in New York City. Maternal morbidities examined included prepregnancy weight more than 114 kilograms (250 pounds), chronic hypertension, pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus, chronic cardiovascular disease, pulmonary hypertension, chronic lung disease, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), and preeclampsia or eclampsia. Associations with maternal mortality were estimated using multivariate logistic regression. RESULTS: During the specified time period, 1,084,862 live singleton births and 132 maternal deaths occurred. Patients with increasing maternal age, non-Hispanic black ethnicity, self-pay or Medicaid, primary cesarean delivery, and premature delivery had higher rates of maternal mortality during delivery hospitalization. From the entire study population, 4.1% had preeclampsia or eclampsia (n=44,004), 1.8% had chronic hypertension (n=19,647), 1.1% of patients were classified as obese (n=11,936), 0.7% had pregestational diabetes (n=7,474), 0.4% had HIV (n=4,665), and 0.01% had pulmonary hypertension (n=166). Preeclampsia or eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [OR], 8.1; 95% confidence interval [CI], 5.5-12.1), chronic hypertension (adjusted OR, 7.7; 95% CI 4.7-12.5), underlying maternal obesity (adjusted OR, 2.9; 95% CI 1.1-8.1), pregestational diabetes (adjusted OR, 3.3; 95% CI 1.3-8.1), HIV (adjusted OR, 7.7; 95% CI 3.4-17.8), and pulmonary hypertension (adjusted OR, 65.1; 95% CI 15.8-269.3) were associated with an increased risk of death during the delivery hospitalization. CONCLUSION: The presence of maternal disease significantly increases the odds of maternal mortality at the time of delivery hospitalization.
Lifestyle Intervention for Prevention of Type 2 Diabetes in Primary Health Care One-year follow-up of the Finnish National Diabetes Prevention Program (FIN-D2D); OBJECTIVE - To investigate 1-year outcomes of a national diabetes prevention program in Finland. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Altogether 10,149 individuals at high risk for diabetes were identified with the Finnish Diabetes Risk Score (FINDRISC; scoring >= 15 points), by a history of impaired fasting glucose (IFG) or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), cardiovascular disease, or gestational diabetes mellitus in 400 primary health care centers. One-year follow-up data were available for 2,798 participants who were nondiabetic at baseline (919 men and 1,879 women, aged 56.0 +/- 9.9 and 54.0 +/- 10.7 years [mean +/- SD] with BMI 30.9 +/- 4.6 and 31.6 +/- 5.4 kg/m(2)). RESULTS The incidence of diabetes was 2.0 and 1.2% in men and women with normal glucose tolerance at baseline, 13.5 and 7.4% in those with IFG, and 16.1 and 11.3% in those with IGT, respectively. Altogether 17.5% of the subjects lost >= 5% weight with no sex difference. The relative risk of diabetes was 0.31 (95% CI 0.16-0.59) in the group who lost >= 5% weight, 0.72 (0.46-1.13) in the group who lost 2.5-4.9% weight, and 1.10 (0.77-1.58) in the group who gained >= 2.5% compared with the group who maintained weight. CONCLUSIONS - The FIN-D2D was the first national effort to implement the prevention of in a primary health care setting. Methods for recruiting high-risk subjects were simple and easy to use. Moderate weight loss in this very high-risk group was especially effective in reducing risk of diabetes among those participating in the program.
Increased Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Associated With Stage 1 Hypertension in a Low-Risk Cohort Evidence From 47 874 Cases; The recommendations for the diagnosis of stage 1 hypertension were recently revised by the American Heart Association primarily based on its impact on cardiovascular disease risks. Whether the newly diagnosed stage 1 hypertension impacts pregnancy complications remain poorly defined. We designed a retrospective cohort study to investigate the associations of stage 1 hypertension detected in early gestation (<20 weeks) with risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes stratified by prepregnancy body mass index. A total of 47 874 women with singleton live births and blood pressure (BP) <140/90 mm Hg were included, with 5781 identified as stage 1a (systolic BP, 130-134 mm Hg; diastolic BP, 80-84 mm Hg; or both) and 3267 as stage 1b hypertension (systolic BP, 135-139 mm Hg; diastolic BP, 85-90 mm Hg; or both). Slightly higher, yet significant, rates and risks of gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and low birth weight (<2500 g) were observed in both groups compared with normotensive controls. Importantly, women with stage 1a and stage 1b hypertension had significantly increased incidences of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy compared with normotensive women (adjusted odds ratio, 2.34 [95% CI, 2.16-2.53]; 3.05 [2.78-3.34], respectively). After stratifying by body mass index, stage 1a and 1b hypertension were associated with increased hypertensive disorders in pregnancy risks in both normal weight (body mass index, 18.5-24.9; adjusted odds ratio, 2.44 [2.23-2.67]; 3.26 [2.93-3.63]) and the overweight/obese (body mass index, >= 25; adjusted odds ratio, 1.90 [1.56-2.31]; 2.36 [1.92-2.90]). Current findings suggested significantly increased adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with stage 1 hypertension based on the revised American Heart Association guidelines, especially in women with prepregnancy normal weight.
Effects of Metabolic Syndrome on Pregnancy Outcomes in Women Without Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Context: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of metabolic risk factors that predict cardiovascular disease. Previous studies suggested that MetS impaired clinical outcomes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF). Objective: To evaluate the effects of MetS on IVF/intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) outcomes in women without PCOS. Methods: This retrospective study collected 8539 eligible women without PCOS who came for their first cycle of IVF/ICSI to the Institute of Women, Children and Reproductive Health, Shandong University, from 2017 to 2020, including 1147 subjects in the MetS group and 7392 in the control group. The primary outcome was live birth. Secondary outcomes included other pregnancy outcomes and the risk of maternal and neonatal complications. Results: Women in the MetS group had a lower live birth rate (50.6% vs 54.9%, adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 0.87, 95% CI 0.75-1.00, P = .045) and higher risks of late miscarriage (5.8% vs 3.3%, aOR 1.52, 95% CI 1.02-2.27, P = .041), gestational diabetes mellitus (13.7% vs 7.0%, aOR 1.84, 95% CI 1.30-2.60, P = .001), hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (7.8% vs 3.5%, aOR 1.79, 95% CI 1.14-2.83, P = .012), and preterm birth (9.0% vs 4.4%, aOR 2.03, 95% CI 1.33-3.08, P = .001). Singleton newborns in the MetS group were at higher risk of large for gestational age (33.3% vs 20.5%, aOR 1.66, 95% CI (1.31-2.13), P < .001) but at lower risk of small for gestational age (2.7% vs 6.2%, aOR 0.48, 95% CI 0.25-0.90, P = .023). Conclusion: MetS was associated with adverse IVF/ICSI outcomes in women without PCOS.
Low circulating levels of neuregulin 4 as a potential biomarker associated with the severity and prognosis of obesity-related metabolic diseases: a systematic review; BackgroundNeuregulin 4 (Nrg4) is a brown adipose tissue-derived adipokine that greatly affects systemic metabolism and improves metabolic derangements. Although abnormal circulating levels of Nrg4 are common in obesity, it remains elusive whether low or elevated levels of this batokine are associated with the onset of metabolic diseases.AimTo assess Nrg4 levels and its role as a feasible biomarker to predict the severity of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and cardiovascular diseases (CVD).MethodsA search for relevant studies was performed systematically using prominent search engines, including PubMed, Google Scholar, and Embase, by following PRISMA guidelines.ResultsAmple clinical evidence reported low serum/plasma levels of Nrg4 in obesity and these were inversely proportional to the indices of metabolic syndrome, including body mass index, waist circumference, triglycerides, fasting plasma glucose, and homoeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance as well as high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. Low circulating Nrg4 levels may aid in the prediction of morbid obesity, and subsequent GDM, T2DM, NAFLD, and CVD.ConclusionCurrent clinical evidence emphasizes that the circulating levels of Nrg4 are decreased in morbid obesity, and it also highlights that Nrg4 May serve as a potential prognostic biomarker for obesity-related metabolic diseases.
Isolated neonatal ductus arteriosus aneurysm; OBJECTIVES A prospective study was performed to evaluate the incidence, clinical manifestations and outcome of ductus arteriosus aneurysm (DAA) in full-term neonates. BACKGROUND Ductus arteriosus aneurysm has been considered to be a rare congenital lesion and a potentially fatal abnormality. METHODS A total of 548 full-term neonates received echocardiographic screening. RESULTS There were 48 (8.8%) patients (28 boys and 20 girls) with DAA detected by echocardiography. The maximal diameter of the DAA ranged from 6.5 to 11.2 min (8.2 +/- 1.2 mm). All cases were asymptomatic. There were no significant differences in gender, gestational age, maternal age or Apgar score between the newborns with or without DAA. Newborns with DAA had a higher birth body weight, higher incidence of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and more mothers with blood group A, compared with newborns without DAA (p < 0.05). Follow-up echocardiograms showed spontaneous closure of the ductus arteriosus in all patients except those without DAA. The DAA became progressively smaller after ductal closure in 33 patients (70.2%) and completely disappeared by 7 to 35 days of life. The other 14 patients (29.8%) with DAA had echocardiographic evidence of progressive formation of thrombi between the third and tenth day of life. The DAA and thrombi spontaneously disappeared in all patients by one month after birth. CONCLUSIONS There is a higher incidence of DAA with a good outcome in our series compared with previous reports. We speculate that the presence of DAA may be a normal variant of the ductal bump and part of a normal process of spontaneous ductal closure in full-term, neonates. (C) 2002 by the American College of Cardiology.
Use of the myocardial performance index as a prognostic indicator of adverse fetal outcome in poorly controlled gestational diabetic pregnancies; ObjectiveThe aim of this study was to determine whether there are any changes in cardiac function in fetuses of poorly controlled gestational diabetics and whether these changes influence perinatal outcome. MethodsTwenty-nine pregnant women with severe gestational diabetes on insulin therapy in the third trimester of pregnancy were recruited and matched with 29 women with normal pregnancies (control group). Using Doppler echocardiography, the modified myocardial performance index (Mod-MPI) and E wave/A wave peak velocities (E/A) ratios were determined. Placental resistance Doppler markers were also determined in both groups. Adverse perinatal outcome was defined as perinatal death, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, cord pH <7.15, 5-min Apgar score <7 and presence of cardiomyopathy. ResultsThe median Mod-MPI was increased (0.59 vs 0.38; p<0.0001) and the E/A ratio was decreased (0.65 vs 0.76; p<0.0001) in fetuses of diabetic mothers compared with controls. An MPI >0.52 had a sensitivity of 100% [95% confidence interval (CI) 85-100%] and specificity of 92% (95% CI 70-92%) for prediction of adverse perinatal outcome, including one stillbirth and one neonatal death. No abnormal outcomes occurred in the control group. ConclusionsThere is significant impairment of cardiac function in fetuses of poorly controlled gestational diabetics. Mod-MPI and E/A ratio have the potential to improve fetal surveillance in diabetic pregnancies. (c) 2014 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
SMARThealth Pregnancy: Feasibility and Acceptability of a Complex Intervention for High-Risk Pregnant Women in Rural India: Protocol for a Pilot Cluster Randomised Controlled Trial; Introduction: India is in the process of a major epidemiological transition towards non-communicable diseases. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women in India. Predisposing independent risk factors include pregnancy-related conditions, e.g., hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes (GDM) - also associated with significant perinatal mortality and morbidity. Early identification, referral and management of pregnant women at increased risk of future CVD may offer opportunities for prevention. In rural India, Community Health Workers (CHWs) provide most antenatal and postnatal care. Innovative solutions are required to address integrated care for rural women during transitions between antenatal, postnatal and general health services. The George Institute's SMARThealth Programme has shown that CHWs in rural India screening non-pregnant adults for cardiovascular risk, using a decision support system, is feasible. Building on this, we developed a targeted training programme for CHWs and a complex system-level intervention that uses mobile clinical decision support for CHWs and primary care doctors to screen high-risk pregnant women. In addition to addressing HDP and GDM, the intervention also screens for anaemia in pregnancy. Methods/Design: A pilot study will be undertaken in two diverse rural districts of India: Jhajjar (Haryana) and Guntur (Andhra Pradesh). Two Primary Health Centre clusters will be randomised to intervention or control groups at each study site. The primary objective of this pilot study is to explore the feasibility and acceptability of the SMARThealth Pregnancy intervention. Secondary objectives are to estimate: (a) prevalence rates of moderate to severe anaemia, HDPs and GDM at the study sites; (b) referral and follow-up rates, and (c) mean haemoglobin and blood pressure values at the routine 6 week postnatal visit. A process evaluation will be conducted to explore the acceptability of the SMARThealth Pregnancy intervention for pregnant women and healthcare workers using qualitative methods. Discussion: It is anticipated that the findings of this pilot study will help determine the feasibility and acceptability of the SMARThealth Pregnancy intervention, and highlight how the intervention might be further developed for evaluation in a larger, cluster randomised controlled trial.
Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and cancer, immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases: A population-based cohort study; Background & Aims: Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is the most common liver disease in pregnancy. It is associated with hepatobiliary diseases that might predispose to cancer and also with gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. In this study, we examined associations between ICP and cancer, and immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases. Methods: By linking the Swedish Medical Birth Register and the Swedish Patient Register, we identified 11,388 women with ICP and 113,893 matched women without ICP who gave birth between 1973 and 2009. Diagnoses of cancer and immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases both before and after delivery were obtained from the Patient Register. The main outcome measures were hazard ratios (HRs), calculated through Cox regression, for the indicated diseases after delivery. Results: ICP was not associated with later overall cancer (HR 1.07, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.94-1.21), but it was associated with later liver and biliary tree cancer (HR 3.61, 95% CI 1.68-7.77, and 2.62, 95% CI 1.26-5.46, respectively). ICP was also associated with later immune-mediated diseases (HR 1.28, 95% CI 1.19-1.38), and specifically diabetes mellitus (HR 1.47, 95% CI 1.26-1.72), thyroid disease (HR 1.30, 95% CI 1.14-1.47), psoriasis (HR 1.27, 95% CI 1.07-1.51), inflammatory polyarthropathies (HR 1.32, 95% CI 1.11-1.58) and Crohn's disease (HR 1.55, 95% CI 1.14-2.10), but not ulcerative colitis (HR 1.21, 95% CI 0.93-1.58). Women with ICP also had a small increased risk of later cardiovascular disease (HR 1.12, 95% CI 1.06-1.19). Conclusions: Women with ICP have increased risk of later hepatobiliary cancer and immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases. (C) 2015 European Association for the Study of the Liver. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Epidemiology of abnormal glucose metabolism in a country facing its epidemic: SAUDI-DM study; BackgroundSaudi Arabia is a community thrilled by sudden social and economical changes, leading to a sharp increase in the prevalence of abnormal glucose metabolism. Age-specific diabetes and impaired fasting glucose prevalence is the focus of this study with the expected risk factors. MethodsA nationwide, household, randomized, population based cohort of 18034 participants aged 30 years was selected to test for abnormal glucose metabolism using fasting plasma glucose (FPG) according to American Diabetes Association (ADA) criteria. ResultsThe prevalence of diabetes was 25.4% with 40.3% being unaware of their disease, while impaired fasting glucose (IFG) affected 25.5% of the total sample. IFG to diabetes ratio was one in this study, decreasing with age and increasing with body weight. Age 45 years, hypertension, history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and high triglycerides are the strongest risk factors in diabetic patients, while history of GDM, dyslipidemia, obesity, and high triglycerides are the most significant risk factors in IFG participants. ConclusionsAbnormal glucose metabolism has reached an epidemic level in this society, where half of adults and older are affected. Risk factors are behind this epidemic and the quick shift from IFG to diabetes in this society. ?? ?????????????????????????,??????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ???????????????????????????,???18034??? 30?????,??????????????????(FPG)????????????? ?????????25.4%,??40.3%??????????,?????????????????25.5%????????????????????1,?????????????,?????????????????? 45??????????????????????????????,?GDM??????????????????????????????????? ????????????????????????,????????????????????????????????????????,??????????????????
Comparing the Evidence from Observational Studies and Randomized Controlled Trials for Nonskeletal Health Effects of Vitamin D; Although observational studies of health outcomes generally suggest beneficial effects with, or following, higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] concentrations, randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have generally not supported those findings. Here we review results from observational studies and RCTs regarding how vitamin D status affects several nonskeletal health outcomes, including Alzheimer's disease and dementia, autoimmune diseases, cancers, cardiovascular disease, COVID-19, major depressive disorder, type 2 diabetes, arterial hypertension, all-cause mortality, respiratory tract infections, and pregnancy outcomes. We also consider relevant findings from ecological, Mendelian randomization, and mechanistic studies. Although clear discrepancies exist between findings of observational studies and RCTs on vitamin D and human health benefits these findings should be interpreted cautiously. Bias and confounding are seen in observational studies and vitamin D RCTs have several limitations, largely due to being designed like RCTs of therapeutic drugs, thereby neglecting vitamin D's being a nutrient with a unique metabolism that requires specific consideration in trial design. Thus, RCTs of vitamin D can fail for several reasons: few participants' having low baseline 25(OH)D concentrations, relatively small vitamin D doses, participants' having other sources of vitamin D, and results being analyzed without consideration of achieved 25(OH)D concentrations. Vitamin D status and its relevance for health outcomes can usefully be examined using Hill's criteria for causality in a biological system from results of observational and other types of studies before further RCTs are considered and those findings would be useful in developing medical and public health policy, as they were for nonsmoking policies. A promising approach for future RCT design is adjustable vitamin D supplementation based on interval serum 25(OH)D concentrations to achieve target 25(OH)D levels suggested by findings from observational studies.
Association between maternal glucose and large for gestational outcomes: Real-world evidence to support Hyperglycaemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes (HAPO) study findings; Aims To compare large for gestational age (LGA) rates by maternal glucose levels in a real-world setting with those in the Hyperglycaemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes (HAPO) study. To examine the association between fasting plasma glucose (FPG), 1- and 2-h on a 75-g oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) and LGA. Methods Pregnancies were categorized according to HAPO thresholds. Category-specific LGA rates were compared to those in HAPO. Categories with glucose thresholds below or above the diagnostic criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) were labelled as lower and higher/GDM, respectively. GDM pregnancies were further stratified according to FPG or post-load elevations and logistic regression was used to examine their independent association with LGA. Findings In our cohort of 97,032 pregnancies, rates of LGA increased with increasing maternal glucose in lower categories of FPG, 1- and 2-h glucose (trend p < 0.01). However, LGA rates in higher/GDM categories were significantly lower in our study than those in HAPO for 1- and 2-h glucose, but not for FPG. Elevated FPG alone was associated with an almost twofold increase in risk of LGA, while elevated post-load glucose alone was associated with a 20% reduction in risk of LGA, compared to negative OGTT. Conclusions Real-world data confirm the HAPO study findings at lower levels of maternal glycaemia. At higher levels, GDM diagnosis and treatment appear to be effective in reducing rates of LGA in pregnancies with post-load glucose elevations, but not elevated FPG. Elevated FPG is a stronger predictor of LGA than post-load glucose elevations.
Alliance for Innovation on Maternal Health Consensus Bundle on Cardiac Conditions in Obstetric Care; Cardiac conditions are the leading cause of pregnancy-related deaths and disproportionately affect non-Hispanic Black people. Multidisciplinary maternal mortality review committees have found that most people who died from cardiac conditions during pregnancy or postpartum were not diagnosed with a cardiovascular disease before death and that more than 80% of all pregnancy-related deaths, regardless of cause, were preventable. In addition, other obstetric complications, such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes, are associated with future cardiovascular disease risk. Those with cardiac risk factors and those with congenital and acquired heart disease require specialized care during pregnancy and postpartum to minimize risk of preventable morbidity and mortality. This bundle provides guidance for health care teams to develop coordinated, multidisciplinary care for pregnant and postpartum people with cardiac conditions and to respond to cardio-obstetric emergencies. This bundle is one of several core patient safety bundles developed by the Alliance for Innovation on Maternal Health that provide condition- or event-specific clinical practices for implementation in appropriate care settings. The Cardiac Conditions in Obstetric Care bundle is organized into five domains: 1) Readiness, 2) Recognition and Prevention, 3) Response, 4) Reporting and Systems Learning, and 5) Respectful Care. This bundle is the first by the Alliance to be developed with the fifth domain of Respectful Care. The Respectful Care domain provides essential best practices to support respectful, equitable, and supportive care to all patients. Further health equity considerations are integrated into elements in each domain.
Serum amyloid A1 and pregnancy zone protein in pregnancy complications and correlation with markers of placental dysfunction; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and chronic hypertension), diabetes mellitus, and placental dysfunction confer an increased risk of long-term maternal cardiovascular disease. Preeclampsia is also associated with acute atherosis that involves lesions of uteroplacental spiral arteries, resembling early stages of atherosclerosis. Serum amyloid A1 is involved in hypercoagulability and atherosclerosis and may aggregate into amyloid-aggregations of misfolded proteins. Pregnancy zone protein may inhibit amyloid aggregation. Amyloid is involved in Alzheimer's disease and cardiovascular disease; it has been identified in preeclampsia, but its role in preeclampsia pathophysiology is unclear. OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that serum amyloid A1 would be increased and pregnancy zone protein decreased in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and diabetic pregnancies and that serum amyloid A1 and pregnancy zone protein would correlate with placental dysfunction markers (fetal growth restriction and dysregulated angiogenic biomarkers) and acute atherosis. STUDY DESIGN: Serum amyloid A1 is measurable in both the serum and plasma. In our study, plasma from 549 pregnancies (normotensive, euglycemic controls: 258; early-onset preeclampsia: 71; late-onset preeclampsia: 98; gestational hypertension: 30; chronic hypertension: 9; diabetes mellitus: 83) was assayed for serum amyloid A1 and pregnancy zone protein. The serum levels of angiogenic biomarkers soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 and placental growth factor were available for 547 pregnancies, and the results of acute atherosis evaluation were available for 313 pregnancies. The clinical characteristics and circulating biomarkers were compared between the pregnancy groups using the MannWhitney U, chi-squared, or Fisher exact test as appropriate. Spearman's rho was calculated for assessing correlations. RESULTS: In early-onset preeclampsia, serum amyloid A1 was increased compared with controls (17.1 vs 5.1 mg/mL, P<.001), whereas pregnancy zone protein was decreased (590 vs 892 mg/mL, P=.002). Pregnancy zone protein was also decreased in diabetes compared with controls (683 vs 892 mg/mL, P=.01). Serum amyloid A1 was associated with placental dysfunction (fetal growth restriction, elevated soluble fmslike tyrosine kinase-1 to placental growth factor ratio). Pregnancy zone protein correlated negatively with soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 to placental growth factor ratio in all study groups. Acute atherosis was not associated with serum amyloid A1 or pregnancy zone protein. CONCLUSION: Proteins involved in atherosclerosis, hypercoagulability, and protein misfolding are dysregulated in early-onset preeclampsia and placental dysfunction, which links them and potentially contributes to future maternal cardiovascular disease.
Association of neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio with preterm necrotizing enterocolitis: a retrospective case-control study; Background There have been few studies on the relationship between the neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR) and necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). We conducted a retrospective case-control study to investigate this relationship in preterm neonates. Methods A total of 199 preterm neonates diagnosed with NEC between January 2018 and January 2020 were included in this study. For each preterm infant with NEC that was admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), controls were preterm neonates (matched for gestation and year of birth) who were not diagnosed with NEC. Exclusion criteria were post-maturity, small or large for gestational age (week of pregnancy), congenital major anomalies, and cyanotic congenital heart disease. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to identify the association between NLR and preterm NEC. Results This study included 93 preterm neonates with NEC and 106 matched controls. There were no significant differences in gestational age (GA), birth weight (BW), age, sex, vaginal delivery (VD), chorioamnionitis (CA), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) between the groups. Compared with the control group, the lower and higher NLR levels in the NEC group were statistically different. Following univariate analysis, NLR was a risk factor for NEC (odds ratio [OR], 1.40; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.00-1.90; P = 0.042), and according to multivariate analysis, risk factors for NEC were NLR >= 3.20 and NLR < 1.60, within 1 week before NEC diagnosis. Thus, NLR values of >= 1.60 and < 3.20 were determined as the predictive cut-off values for protecting preterm infants from NEC (Model I: OR, 0.20; 95% CI, 0.10-0.40; P < 0.001) and (Model II: OR, 0.10; 95% CI, 0.00-0.40; P < 0.001]. Conclusions NLR >= 1.60 and NLR < 3.20 were associated with a decreased risk of NEC in preterm infants.
Does a First-Degree Family History of Diabetes Impact Placental Maternal and Fetal Vascular Circulation and Inflammatory Response?; Context: Heritability of diabetes is associated with hyperinsulinemia, impaired endothelial function, and inflammatory up-regulation. However, no studies have examined whether a family history of diabetes (FHD) effects placental vascular circulation. Objective: The current study was designed to investigate the impact of a first-degree FHD on placental vascular circulation and inflammatory lesions. Design: Observational cohort study. Setting: Pregnant women who gave birth at Edith Wolfson Medical Center. Patients: Three hundred thirty-nine pregnant women were divided into two groups according to presence of FHD: group 1 included 225 subjects without FHD, and group 2 included 114 subjects with FHD. Intervention: Placental histopathological examination. Main Outcome Measures: Placental vascular supply abnormalities of maternal and fetal origin. Results: Maternal vascular supply (MVS) abnormalities of the placenta were significantly higher in subjects with FHD, compared with subjects without FHD (P < 0.005). Fetal vascular supply abnormalities, as well as maternal and fetal inflammatory response did not differ significantly between groups. In the general linear modeling analysis, FHD was an independent and significant predictor of MVS abnormalities and more than doubled the risk of this outcome. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) incidence was significantly higher in subjects with FHD (P < 0.0001). Significant by-group differences in GDM persisted even after adjustment for age and body mass index. Although incidence of gestational hypertensive disorders was significantly higher in individuals with FHD, after adjustment FHD did not significantly predict this outcome. Conclusions: A first-degree FHD is significantly and independently associated with an increased rate of maternal vascular perfusion abnormalities and risk of GDM.
The Berlin Questionnaire in pregnancy predominantly identifies obesity; Study Objectives: Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is common in pregnant women and is a risk factor for poor perinatal outcomes. The Berlin Questionnaire (BQ) is a validated OSA screening tool that is often used in pregnancy. However, its poor performance in this population is likely attributed to the scoring paradigm that primarily identifies obesity. Moreover, the associations between the BQ and pregnancy outcomes are often those same outcomes that are obesity related. Therefore, this study examined associations between each of the 3 BQ domains, independently and jointly, in relation to gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). Methods: Pregnant third-trimester women were recruited from a tertiary medical center and completed the BQ, which includes 3 independent domains: snoring, sleepiness, and obesity/high blood pressure. Medical records were accessed for diagnoses of GDM and HDP. Results: Of the 1,588 pregnant women, 44% had a positive BQ score. Women with a positive score for domains of snoring exclusively, sleepiness exclusively, or their combination did not have an increased risk for GDM or HDP. However, women without snoring or sleepiness, but with a positive score on the body mass index/blood pressure domain had increased odds of GDM (odds ratio 2.0, 95% confidence interval 1.3-3.3) and HDP (odds ratio 2.9, 95% confidence interval 1.6-5.5). Furthermore, any positive score in domain combinations that included body mass index/blood pressure had increased odds of GDM and HDP compared with negative scores in all domains. In addition, in the presence of obesity without hypertension, snoring, or sleepiness, the odds of GDM and HDP were similarly increased. Conclusions: The poor performance of the BQ in screening for OSA risk may be attributed to its predominant reliance on identification of obesity.
Keap1-Nrf2 regulated redox signaling <i>in utero</i>: Priming of disease susceptibility in offspring; Intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia or intrauterine growth restriction alters the redox status of the developing fetus. Such pregnancy-related diseases in most cases do not have a readily identifiable genetic cause, and epigenetic 'priming' mechanisms in utero may predispose both mother and child to later-life onset of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. The concept of 'fetal programing' or 'developmental priming' and its association with an increased risk of disease in childhood or adulthood has been reviewed extensively. This review focuses on adaptive changes in the in utero redox environment during normal pregnancy and the consequences of alterations in redox control associated with pregnancies characterized by oxidative stress. We evaluate the evidence that the Keap1-Nrf2 pathway is important for protecting the fetus against adverse conditions in utero and may itself be subject to epigenetic priming, potentially contributing to an increased risk of vascular disease and insulin resistance in later life. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Inference of Causal Relationships Between Genetic Risk Factors for Cardiometabolic Phenotypes and Female-Specific Health Conditions; BackgroundCardiometabolic diseases are highly comorbid, but their relationship with female-specific or overwhelmingly female-predominant health conditions (breast cancer, endometriosis, pregnancy complications) is understudied. This study aimed to estimate the cross-trait genetic overlap and influence of genetic burden of cardiometabolic traits on health conditions unique to women. Methods and ResultsUsing electronic health record data from 71 008 ancestrally diverse women, we examined relationships between 23 obstetrical/gynecological conditions and 4 cardiometabolic phenotypes (body mass index, coronary artery disease, type 2 diabetes, and hypertension) by performing 4 analyses: (1) cross-trait genetic correlation analyses to compare genetic architecture, (2) polygenic risk score-based association tests to characterize shared genetic effects on disease risk, (3) Mendelian randomization for significant associations to assess cross-trait causal relationships, and (4) chronology analyses to visualize the timeline of events unique to groups of women with high and low genetic burden for cardiometabolic traits and highlight the disease prevalence in risk groups by age. We observed 27 significant associations between cardiometabolic polygenic scores and obstetrical/gynecological conditions (body mass index and endometrial cancer, body mass index and polycystic ovarian syndrome, type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes and polycystic ovarian syndrome). Mendelian randomization analysis provided additional evidence of independent causal effects. We also identified an inverse association between coronary artery disease and breast cancer. High cardiometabolic polygenic scores were associated with early development of polycystic ovarian syndrome and gestational hypertension. ConclusionsWe conclude that polygenic susceptibility to cardiometabolic traits is associated with elevated risk of certain female-specific health conditions.
Prepregnancy Migraine, Migraine Phenotype, and Risk of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Background and Objective Migraine is a highly prevalent neurovascular disorder among reproductive-aged women. Whether migraine history and migraine phenotype might serve as clinically useful markers of obstetric risk is not clear. The primary objective of this study was to examine associations of prepregnancy migraine and migraine phenotype with risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Methods We estimated associations of self-reported physician-diagnosed migraine and migraine phenotype with adverse pregnancy outcomes in the prospective Nurses' Health Study II (1989-2009). Log-binomial and log-Poisson models with generalized estimating equations were used to estimate relative risks (RRs) and 95% CIs for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm delivery, and low birthweight. Results The analysis included 30,555 incident pregnancies after cohort enrollment among 19,694 participants without a history of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, or cancer. After adjusting for age, adiposity, and other health and behavioral factors, prepregnancy migraine (11%) was associated with higher risks of preterm delivery (RR = 1.17; 95% CI = 1.05-1.30), gestational hypertension (RR = 1.28; 95% CI = 1.11-1.48), and preeclampsia (RR = 1.40; 95% CI = 1.19-1.65) compared with no migraine. Migraine was not associated with low birthweight (RR = 0.99; 95% CI = 0.85-1.16) or GDM (RR = 1.05; 95% CI = 0.91-1.22). Risk of preeclampsia was somewhat higher among participants with migraine with aura (RR vs no migraine = 1.51; 95% CI = 1.22-1.88) than migraine without aura (RR vs no migraine = 1.30; 95% CI = 1.04-1.61; p-heterogeneity = 0.32), whereas other outcomes were similar by migraine phenotype. Participants with migraine who reported regular prepregnancy aspirin use had lower risks of preterm delivery (p-interaction < 0.01) and preeclampsia (<2x/week RR = 1.48; 95% CI = 1.25-1.75; >= 2x/week RR = 1.10; 95% CI = 0.62-1.96;(p-interaction = 0.39); however, power for these stratified analyses was limited. Discussion Migraine history, and to a lesser extent migraine phenotype, appear to be important considerations in obstetric risk assessment and management. Future research should determine whether aspirin prophylaxis may be beneficial for preventing adverse pregnancy outcomes among pregnant individuals with a history of migraine.
Distributed application of guideline-based decision support through mobile devices: Implementation and evaluation; Background: Traditionally guideline (GL)-based Decision Support Systems (DSSs) use a centralized infrastructure to generate recommendations to care providers, rather than to patients at home. However, managing patients at home is often preferable, reducing costs and empowering patients. Thus, we wanted to explore an option in which patients, in particular chronic patients, might be assisted by a local DSS, which interacts as needed with the central DSS engine, to manage their disease outside the standard clinical settings. Objectives: To design, implement, and demonstrate the technical and clinical feasibility of a new architecture for a distributed DSS that provides patients with evidence-based guidance, offered through applications running on the patients' mobile devices, monitoring and reacting to changes in the patient's personal environment, and providing the patients with appropriate GL-based alerts and personalized recommendations; and increase the overall robustness of the distributed application of the GL. Methods: We have designed and implemented a novel projection-callback (PCB) model, in which small portions of the evidence-based guideline's procedural knowledge are projected from a projection engine within the central DSS server, to a local DSS that resides on each patient's mobile device. The local DSS applies the knowledge using the mobile device's local resources. The GL projections generated by the projection engine are adapted to the patient's previously defined preferences and, implicitly, to the patient's current context, in a manner that is embodied in the projected therapy plans. When appropriate, as defined by a temporal pattern within the projected plan, the local DSS calls back the central DSS, requesting further assistance, possibly another projection. To support the new model, the initial specification of the GL includes two levels: one for the central DSS, and one for the local DSS. We have implemented a distributed GL-based DSS using the projection-callback model within the MobiGuide EU project, which automatically manages chronic patients at home using sensors on the patients and their mobile phone. We assessed the new GL specification process, by specifying two very different, complex GLs: for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, and for Atrial Fibrillation. Then, we evaluated the new computational architecture by applying the two GLs to the automated clinical management, at real time, of patients in two different countries: Spain and Italy, respectively. Results: The specification using the new projection-callback model was found to be quite feasible. We found significant differences between the distributed versions of the two GLs, suggesting further research directions and possibly additional ways to analyze and characterize GLs. Applying the two GLs to the two patient populations proved highly feasible as well. The mean time between the central and local interactions was quite different for the two GLs: 3.95 +/- 1.95 days in the case of the gestational diabetes domain, and 23.80 +/- 12.47 days, in the case of the atrial fibrillation domain, probably corresponding to the difference in the distributed specifications of the two GLs. Most of the interaction types were due to projections to the local DSS (83%); others were data notifications, mostly to change context (17%). Some of the data notifications were triggered due to technical errors. The robustness of the distributed architecture was demonstrated through the successful recovery from multiple crashes of the local DSS. Conclusions: The new projection-callback model has been demonstrated to be feasible, from specification to distributed application. Different GLs might significantly differ, however, in their distributed specification and application characteristics. Distributed medical DSSs can facilitate the remote management of chronic patients by enabling the central DSSs to delegate, in a dynamic fashion, determined by the patient's context, much of the monitoring and treatment management decisions to the mobile device. Patients can be kept in their home environment, while still maintaining, through the projection-callback mechanism, several of the advantages of a central DSS, such as access to the patient's longitudinal record, and to an up-to-date evidence-based GL repository.
Exploring Gene-Diet Interactions for Mother-Child Health: A Systematic Review of Epidemiological Studies; Background: Maternal-child health suggests the critical impact of maternal nutrition during the pre-conception and gestational periods, with some genetic variants also playing a significant role. Our systematic review provides an overview of epidemiological studies exploring the interactions between genetic variants, maternal dietary habits, and neonatal and/or maternal pregnancy outcomes. Methods: From its inception until June 2023, we conducted a comprehensive literature search on PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science databases. Results: On a total of 29 epidemiological studies, 11 studies were conducted to explore the interplay between genetic variants and dietary factors, focusing on the risks associated with gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, recurrent spontaneous abortion, recurrent pregnancy loss, iron deficiency anemia, and gestational weight gain. Concerning neonatal outcomes, six studies investigated the interplay between genetic variants, dietary factors, and anthropometric measures, while eight studies delved into abnormal embryonic development, two studies focused on preterm birth, and two studies explored other neonatal outcomes. Conclusions: Deeply understanding gene-diet interactions could be useful in developing highly personalized approaches to maternal and child nutrition, as well as in exploring the potential implications in disease prevention and the promotion of the long-term well-being of both mothers and their offspring.
Evaluation of anthropometric measures for assessment of cardiometabolic risk in early childhood; Objective: Waist-to-height ratio has been shown to be an important indicator of cardiometabolic risk. There are few studies evaluating this measure against existing measures of adiposity and cardiometabolic markers in early childhood. The objectives were: (i) to determine in young children the ability of waist-to-height ratio, BMIz-score, weight for length, and sum of skin fold thickness to predict cardiometabolic risk and (ii) to examine this association at ages 1, 3 and 5 years. Design: Prospective cohort study. Setting: A university hospital in Toronto, Ontario. Participants: Infants at 1 (n406), 3 (n112) and 5 years of age (n94) born to mothers with and without gestational diabetes mellitus. Results: Weight for length and BMIz-score demonstrated the strongest correlations with biochemical measures compared to waist-to-height ratio, including leptin (at 5 years, weight for lengthz-score:rho= 0 center dot 65,P< 0 center dot 001; BMIz-score:rho= 0 center dot 67,P< 0 center dot 001) and measures of insulin resistance (at 3 years, weight for lengthz-score:rho= 0 center dot 25,P= 0 center dot 02; BMIz-score:rho= 0 center dot 24,P= 0 center dot 02). The magnitude of associations between anthropometric measures and biochemical measures strengthened over time. Weight for length and BMIz-scores were moderately correlated with overall measures of fat mass as measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (rho= 0 center dot 65,P= 0 center dot 00;rho= 0 center dot 61,P= 0 center dot 01). Conclusions: Waist-to-height ratio was not superior to existing measures in predicting cardiometabolic risk in young children. BMIz-score is a preferred measure of adiposity between birth and 5 years of age.
Study on Serum Lipoprotein Profile of Exclusive Breast Fed, Mixed Fed and Formula Fed Preterm Infants; Introduction: Breast feeding is protective for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, obesity, Diabetes Mellitus (DM) and hypertension. Serum lipoprotein is principal risk factor for atherosclerosis. There is growing evidence that risk of Coronary Heart Disease (CHD) begins to emerge from infancy. Lipoprotein level is affected by different feeding pattern during infancy. Aim: To compare serum lipoprotein profile of exclusively breast fed, mixed fed and formula fed preterm infant. Materials and Methods: A total of two fifty preterm newborn were recruited at birth and divided into three groups. Group A were Exclusively Breast Fed (EBF), Group B were Mixed Fed (MF) and Group C were Formula/bovine milk Fed (FF) infants. Preterm newborns with severe sepsis, hypoglycemia, Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy (HIE) stage II and III, meconium stained amniotic fluid, pathological jaundice, Hyaline Membrane Disease (HMD), less than 28 weeks gestation, with major congenital anomaly and infants born to mothers with DM, gestational diabetes, hypertension, pre-eclampsia, eclampsia or on long term medications were excluded from the study. Lipoprotein profile estimation was done at four weeks and again at 16 weeks of age. Results: At four weeks of age, Total Cholesterol (TC), Triglyceride (TG), Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL) and Very Low Density Lipoprotein (VLDL) were higher in EBF infants as compared to MF and FF infants. For TC, difference was significant between EBF vs. MF (p<0.001), EBF vs. FF (p<0.001) and MF vs. FF (p=0.005) infants. At 16 weeks also, TC and HDL were higher in EBF infants as compared to MF and FF infants. For TC, this difference was significant between EBF vs. MF (p<0.001) and EBF vs. FF (p<0.001) infants. When infants were followed up to 16 weeks of age, TC and LDL level fell significantly (p<0.001) in EBF and MF group, a significant (p<0.05) rise for TC was seen in FF group. At 16 weeks of age, there was no significant rise in HDL in EBF infants, but significant fall was seen in MF (p=0.0001) and in FF (p=0.001) infants. Conclusion: Breastfeeding, even MF is beneficial in preterm infants as compared to FF in terms of lipoprotein profile which is protective for atherosclerosis.
Maternity Log study: a longitudinal lifelog monitoring and multiomics analysis for the early prediction of complicated pregnancy; Purpose A prospective cohort study for pregnant women, the Maternity Log study, was designed to construct a time-course high-resolution reference catalogue of bioinformatic data in pregnancy and explore the associations between genomic and environmental factors and the onset of pregnancy complications, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and preterm labour, using continuous lifestyle monitoring combined with multiomics data on the genome, transcriptome, proteome, metabolome and microbiome. Participants Pregnant women were recruited at the timing of first routine antenatal visits at Tohoku University Hospital, Sendai, Japan, between September 2015 and November 2016. Of the eligible women who were invited, 65.4% agreed to participate, and a total of 302 women were enrolled. The inclusion criteria were age >= 20 years and the ability to access the internet using a smartphone in the Japanese language. Findings to date Study participants uploaded daily general health information including quality of sleep, condition of bowel movements and the presence of nausea, pain and uterine contractions. Participants also collected physiological data, such as body weight, blood pressure, heart rate and body temperature, using multiple home healthcare devices. The mean upload rate for each lifelog item was ranging from 67.4% (fetal movement) to 85.3% (physical activity), and the total number of data points was over 6 million. Biospecimens, including maternal plasma, serum, urine, saliva, dental plaque and cord blood, were collected for multiomics analysis. Future plans Lifelog and multiomics data will be used to construct a time-course high-resolution reference catalogue of pregnancy. The reference catalogue will allow us to discover relationships among multidimensional phenotypes and novel risk markers in pregnancy for the future personalised early prediction of pregnancy complications.
Factors influencing necrotizing enterocolitis in premature infants in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis; BackgroundNecrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is a multifactorial gastrointestinal disease with high morbidity and mortality among premature infants. However, studies with large samples on the factors of NEC in China have not been reported. This meta-analysis aims to systematically review the literature to explore the influencing factors of necrotizing enterocolitis in premature infants in China and provide a reference for the prevention of NEC.MethodsPubMed, Embase, Web of Science, Cochrane Library, China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), China Biomedical Literature Database (CBM), Wanfang and VIP databases were systematically searched from inception to February 2023. We used Stata14.0 software to perform the systematic review and meta-analysis. We used fixed or random effects models with combined odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs), and quality was evaluated using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale (NOS).ResultsThe total sample was 8616 cases, including 2456 cases in the intervention group and 6160 cases in the control group. It was found that 16 risk factors and 3 protective factors were related to necrotizing enterocolitis in premature infants. Septicemia (OR = 3.91), blood transfusion (OR = 2.41), neonatal asphyxia (OR = 2.46), pneumonia (OR = 6.17), infection (OR = 5.99), congenital heart disease (OR = 4.80), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) (OR = 2.71), mechanical ventilation (OR = 1.44), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (OR = 3.08), respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) (OR = 3.28), hypoalbuminemia (OR = 2.80), patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) (OR = 3.10), respiratory failure (OR = 7.51), severe anemia (OR = 2.86), history of antibiotic use (OR = 2.12), and meconium-stained amniotic fluid (MSAF) (OR = 3.14) were risk factors for NEC in preterm infants in China. Breastfeeding (OR = 0.31), oral probiotics (OR = 0.36), and prenatal use of glucocorticoids (OR = 0.38) were protective factors for NEC in preterm infants.ConclusionsSepticemia, blood transfusion, neonatal asphyxia, pneumonia, infection, congenital heart disease, ICP, GDM, RDS, hypoproteinemia, PDA, respiratory failure, severe anemia, history of antibiotic use and MSAF will increase the risk of NEC in premature infants, whereas breastfeeding, oral probiotics and prenatal use of glucocorticoids reduce the risk. Due to the quantity and quality of the included literature, the above findings need to be further validated by more high-quality studies.
Air embolism during elective cesarean section, and uterine atony due to fetal macrosomia; We report the case of a paradoxical air embolism during a scheduled cesarean section for fetal macrosomia (7.010 kg) in a 38-year-old woman with a history of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. Spinal anesthesia was satisfactory and well tolerated. After approximately 30 minutes (coinciding with uterine exteriorization), the patient presented a sudden episode of dyspnea, confusion, hypotension, and ST segment depression. The episode lasted approximately 10 minutes and resolved spontaneously with no sequelae. Neurological status and the electrocardiogram were normal at the end of surgery and no postoperative lesions were observed. In the immediate postoperative period, the patient presented a massive hemorrhage due to uterine atony. Echocardiography revealed a patent foramen ovale. The clinical signs in this patient are highly suggestive of a paradoxical cerebral and coronary air embolism.
Association of pregnancy complications/risk factors with the development of future long-term health conditions in women: overarching protocol for umbrella reviews; IntroductionWith good medical care, most pregnancy complications like pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, etc resolve after childbirth. However, pregnancy complications are known to be associated with an increased risk of new long-term health conditions for women later in life, such as cardiovascular disease. These umbrella reviews aim to summarise systematic reviews evaluating the association between pregnancy complications and five groups of long-term health conditions: autoimmune conditions, cancers, functional disorders, mental health conditions and metabolic health conditions (diabetes and hypertension). Methods and analysisWe will conduct searches in Medline, Embase and the Cochrane database of systematic reviews without any language restrictions. We will include systematic reviews with or without meta-analyses that studied the association between pregnancy complications and the future risk of the five groups of long-term health conditions in women. Pregnancy complications were identified from existing core outcome sets for pregnancy and after consultation with experts. Two reviewers will independently screen the articles. Data will be synthesised with both narrative and quantitative methods. Where a meta-analysis has been carried out, we will report the combined effect size from individual studies. For binary data, pooled ORs with 95% CIs will be presented. For continuous data, we will use the mean difference with 95% CIs. The findings will be presented in forest plots to assess heterogeneity. The methodological quality of the studies will be evaluated with the AMSTAR 2 tool or the Cochrane risk of bias tool. The corrected covered area method will be used to assess the impact of overlap in reviews. The findings will be used to inform the design of prediction models, which will predict the risk of women developing these five group of health conditions following a pregnancy complication. Ethics and disseminationNo ethical approvals required. Findings will be disseminated through publications in peer-reviewed journals and conference presentations.
Dyslipidemia in pregnancy and maternal-fetal outcome; Hyperlipidemia is a known cause of atherosclerosis and directly contributes to the current epidemic in cardio-vascular disease. Pregnancy is typified by an increase in serum levels of total cholesterol and triglycerides pushed by the rise in estrogen, progesterone and lactogen. Mobilization of stored fat depots in late pregnancy may provide a reservoir of fatty acids for fetal growth and placental tissue steroid synthesis. This physiologic increase in lipids performs an essential role during pregnancy; however, elevated levels of lipids in predisposed women or with familiar forms of hyperlipidemia can carry increased risk for maternal-fetal complications. The present treatment of pregnant women with hyperlipidemia is the suspension of medications. However, hyperlipidemia during pregnancy is associated with preeclampsia, preterm birth and gestational diabetes and offspring of these mothers show a propensity to enhanced fatty streak formation and an increased risk of progressive atherosclerosis. This current evidence may motivate the further study on the potential benefits of treatment of hyperlipidemia in pregnancy and its effects on maternal-fetal outcomes.
Characteristics, Physiopathology and Management of Dyslipidemias in Pregnancy: A Narrative Review; Dyslipidemia is a significant risk factor for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). During pregnancy, physiological changes elevate cholesterol and triglyceride levels to support fetal development, which can exacerbate pre-existing conditions and lead to complications such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and increased ASCVD risk for both mother and child. Effective management strategies are necessary, especially for pregnant women with inherited forms of dyslipidemia (i.e., familial hypertriglyceridemia, hyperchylomicronemia), where personalized dietary adjustments are crucial for successful pregnancy outcomes. Pharmacological interventions and lipoprotein apheresis may be necessary for severe cases, though their use is often limited by factors such as cost, availability, and potential fetal risks. Despite the promise of advanced therapies, their widespread application remains constrained by limited studies and high costs. Thus, a personalized, multidisciplinary approach is essential for optimizing outcomes. This review provides a comprehensive overview of current strategies and evidence-based practices for managing dyslipidemia during pregnancy, emphasizing the balance of maternal and fetal health. Additionally, it discusses the physiological changes in lipid metabolism during pregnancy and their implications, particularly for women with inherited forms of dyslipidemia.
Central Hematocrit Levels in Fetal Malnourished Term Infants; Backround:Fetal malnutrition is especially important for common chronic diseases in adult life. They could potentially be prevented by achieving optimal fetal nutrition.Objective:The aim of this study was to investigate hematocrit levels of malnourished, term, appropriate for gestational age (AGA) neonates.Subjects and Methods:A total of 80 AGA neonates (between 10% and 90% percentiles interval according to birth week), born with spontaneous vaginal delivery between 37 and 42 weeks of gestation, detected by both last menstrual period and ultrasonography measurements, were included in the study. Neonates with fetal malnutrition constituted the study group and the control group consisted of well-nourished neonates. We analyzed central venous hematocrit levels obtained 4 hours after birth and maternal risk factors for both groups.Results:Although there were no differences in gestational age, head circumference, maternal factors (gravidity, parity, abortions and curettage counts, maternal tobacco use, preeclampsia, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus, and history of urinary tract infections), first minute APGAR scores, and sex, Clinical Assessment of Nutritional Status score was lower (29.912.87 vs. 21.25 +/- 1.65) and hematocrit levels were higher (51.33 +/- 2.740 vs. 59.53 +/- 5.094) in the fetal malnutrition group (P<0.0001).Conclusions:Central hematocrit levels in malnourished term AGA neonates were found significantly higher than well-nourished term AGA newborns.
Implementing weight management during and after pregnancy to reduce diabetes and CVD risk in maternal and child populations; Maintaining a healthy weight during pregnancy is critical for both women's and children's health. Excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) can lead to complications such as gestational diabetes, hypertension and caesarean delivery. Insufficient GWG can cause fetal growth restriction and increase infant mortality risk. Additionally, postpartum weight retention raises risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes and other chronic diseases for both mother and child. This review seeks to identify current obstacles in weight management research during and after pregnancy and explore evidence-based strategies to overcome them. Pregnancy offers a window of opportunity for health behaviour changes as women are more receptive to education and have regular contact with health services. Staying within Institute of Medicine's recommended GWG ranges is associated with better maternal and fetal outcomes. Systematic review evidence supports structured diet and physical activity pregnancy interventions, leading to reduced GWG and fewer complications. Health economic evaluation indicates significant returns from implementation, surpassing investment costs due to decreased perinatal morbidity and adverse events. However, the most effective way to implement interventions within routine antenatal care remains unclear. Challenges increase in the postpartum period due to competing demands on women physically, mentally and socially, hindering intervention reach and retention. Flexible, technology-supported interventions are needed, requiring frameworks such as penetration-implementation-participation-effectiveness and template-for-intervention-description-and-replication for successful implementation. Greater research efforts are necessary to inform practice and investigate fidelity aspects through pragmatic implementation trials during the pregnancy and postpartum periods. Understanding the best ways to deliver interventions will empower women to maintain a healthy weight during their reproductive years.
Endothelial Dysfunction Using Flow-Mediated Dilatation Among Individuals with Pre-impaired Glucose Tolerance (Pre-IGT); Objectives. Pre-impaired glucose tolerance (pre-IGT) is a prediabetes stage characterized by normoglycemia and compensatory hyperinsulinemia due to insulin resistance. Hyperinsulinemia increases cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, especially, endothelial dysfunction (ED). However, there is paucity of studies on ED with hyperinsulinemia alone, particularly in individuals with pre-IGT. This study aimed to determine the presence of ED using brachial artery flowmediated dilatation (FMD) among adult participants with pre-IGT and its correlation with insulin levels and other related clinical parameters. Methodology. This is a cross-sectional analytical study. We screened adult patients with risk factors for developing diabetes (first-degree relative with type 2 diabetes mellitus, obesity, history of gestational diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome). Brachial artery FMD was performed among participants with pre-IGT and findings were correlated with CVD risk factors using Pearson's correlation and linear regression. Results. Of the 23 pre-IGT patients, 5 (21.74%) had decreased FMD values with significant associations with serum insulin and HbA1c. It was further observed that for every 1-unit increase in second-hour serum insulin and in HbA1c, there was a decrease in FMD values by 0.38% and 0.50%, respectively. Serum insulin was elevated, while other biochemical parameters were normal. Moreover, participants with low FMD were older, with higher BMI and had higher HBA1c, total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. Conclusion. As early as the pre-IGT stage, endothelial dysfunction using the FMD test is already present, with red flags on other CVD risk factors already developing.
C-Reactive Protein Levels at the Midpregnancy Can Predict Gestational Complications; Although essential for a successful pregnancy, a growing body of evidence suggests that maternal inflammation, when dysregulated, may represent a risk factor for both maternal and neonatal outcomes. Here, we assessed the accuracy of maternal C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations at the middle phase of pregnancy in the identification of maternal adverse outcomes (MAO) until delivery. A correlation between CRP and a complicated pregnancy including both maternal and neonatal adverse outcomes has been investigated, too. In this retrospective study, conducted at the Diabetology Unit of IRCCS Ospedale Policlinico San Martino, Genoa (Italy), 380 outpatient pregnant women have been enrolled at the prenatal visit before performing a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test at 24th-26th gestational week for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) screening. Demographic, medical, and reproductive history has been obtained by verbal interview. Data about pregnancy and delivery have been retrieved from medical records. The median value of maternal baseline serum CRP was 3.25 mu g/mL. Women experiencing MAO were older, more frequently suffering from hypertension, and showed higher CRP concentrations, with a cutoff value > 1.86 mu g/mL found by a ROC curve analysis to be accurately predictive for MAO. By a logistic regression analysis, serum CRP levels > 1.86 mu g/mL have been found to predict MAO also considering maternal age, hypertension, and GDM. Maternal CRP levels have been positively associated with overall pregnancy adverse outcomes (maternal and neonatal), too. In conclusion, in pregnant women serum levels of CRP can early recognize subjects at higher risk for maternal and neonatal complications needing a more stringent follow-up.
Cardiometabolic Risk, Peripheral Arterial Disease and Cardiovascular Events in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Time to Implement Systematic Screening and Update the Management; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a highly prevalent endocrine disorder in women of reproductive age. It presents with gynaecologic, metabolic, and psychologic manifestations. The dominant drivers of pathophysiology are hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance. Both conditions are related to cardiometabolic risk factors, such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, hyperglycaemia, type 2 and gestational diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and obstructive sleep apnoea. Women with PCOS of reproductive age consistently demonstrated an elevated risk of subclinical atherosclerosis, as indicated by different measurement methods, while findings for menopausal age groups exhibited mixed results. Translation of subclinical atherosclerosis into the increased incidence of peripheral arterial disease and major cardiovascular (CV) events is less clear. Although several expert groups have advised screening, the CV risk assessment and prevention of CV events are frequently underdiagnosed and overlooked aspects of the management of PCOS. A combination of lifestyle management and pharmacotherapy, including the promising new era of anti-obesity medicine, can lead to improvements in cardiometabolic health.
Associations of Maternal Early-Pregnancy Glucose Concentrations With Placental Hemodynamics, Blood Pressure, and Gestational Hypertensive Disorders; BACKGROUND Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with increased risks of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia. We hypothesized that high maternal glucose concentrations in early pregnancy are associated with adverse placental adaptations and subsequently altered uteroplacental hemodynamics during pregnancy, predisposing to an increased risk of gestational hypertensive disorders. METHODS In a population-based prospective cohort study from early pregnancy onwards, among 6,078 pregnant women, maternal early-pregnancy non-fasting glucose concentrations were measured. Mid and late pregnancy uterine and umbilical artery resistance indices were assessed by Doppler ultrasound. Maternal blood pressure was measured in early, mid, and late pregnancy and the occurrence of gestational hypertensive disorders was assessed using hospital registries. RESULTS Maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were not associated with mid or late pregnancy placental hemodynamic markers. A 1 mmol/l increase in maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations was associated with 0.71 mm Hg (95% confidence interval 0.22-1.22) and 0.48 mm Hg (95% confidence interval 0.10-0.86) higher systolic and diastolic blood pressure in early pregnancy, respectively, but not with blood pressure in later pregnancy. Also, maternal glucose concentrations were not associated with the risks of gestational hypertension or preeclampsia. CONCLUSIONS Maternal early-pregnancy non-fasting glucose concentrations within the normal range are associated with blood pressure in early pregnancy, but do not seem to affect placental hemodynamics and the risks of gestational hypertensive disorders.
Effect of Fetal Sex on Maternal and Obstetric Outcomes; Fetal sex plays an important role in modifying the course and complications related to pregnancy and may also have an impact on maternal health and well-being both during and after pregnancy. The goal of this article is to review and summarize the findings from published research on physiologic and pathologic changes that may be affected by fetal sex and the effect of these changes on the maternal and obstetrical outcomes. This will help create awareness that fetal sex is not just a random chance event but an interactive process between the mother, the placenta, and the fetus. The reported effects of male sex on the course of pregnancy and delivery include higher incidence of preterm labor in singletons and twins, failure of progression in labor, true umbilical cord knots, cord prolapse, nuchal cord, higher cesarean section rate, higher heart rate variability with increased frequency, and duration of decelerations without acidemia and increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus through the poor beta cells function. Similarly, female fetal sex has been reported to modify pregnancy and delivery outcomes including altered fetal cardiac hemodynamics, increased hypertensive diseases of pregnancy, higher vulnerability of developing type 2 DM after pregnancy possibly because of influences on increased maternal insulin resistance. Placental function is also influenced by fetal sex. Vitamin D metabolism in the placenta varies by fetal sex; and the placenta of a female fetus is more responsive to the relaxing action of magnesium sulfate. Male and female feto-placental units also vary in their responses to environmental toxin exposure. The association of fetal sex with stillbirths is controversial with many studies reporting higher risk of stillbirth in male fetuses; although some smaller and limited studies have reported more stillbirths with female fetus pregnancies. Maternal status such as BMI may in turn also affect the fetus and the placenta in a sex-specific manner. There is probably a sex-specific maternal-placental-fetal interaction that has significant biological implications of which the mechanisms may be genetic, epigenetic, or hormonal. Determination of fetal sex may therefore be an important consideration in management of pregnancy and childbirth.
Effects of a Lifestyle Intervention During Pregnancy and First Postpartum Year: Findings From the RADIEL Study; Women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) have a sevenfold risk of developing type 2 diabetes. To assess the effects of a lifestyle intervention during pregnancy and first postpartum year on glucose regulation, weight retention, and metabolic characteristics among women at high GDM risk. In the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention study, trained study nurses provided lifestyle counseling in each trimester and 6 weeks, 6 months, and 12 months postpartum. Three maternity hospitals in the Helsinki area and one in Lappeenranta. In total, 269 women with previous GDM and/or a prepregnancy body mass index a parts per thousand 30 kg/m(2) were enrolled before 20 gestational weeks and allocated to either a control or an intervention group. This study includes the 200 participants who attended study visits 6 weeks and/or 12 months postpartum. The lifestyle intervention followed Nordic diet recommendations and at least 150 minutes of moderate exercise was recommended weekly. The incidence of impaired glucose regulation (impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, or type 2 diabetes) during the first postpartum year. Impaired glucose regulation was present in 13.3% of the women in the control and in 2.7% in the intervention group [age-adjusted odds ratio, 0.18 (95% confidence interval, 0.05 to 0.65), P = 0.009] during the first postpartum year. There were no differences between the groups in weight retention, physical activity, or diet at 12 months postpartum. A lifestyle intervention during pregnancy and the first postpartum year successfully reduced the incidence of postpartum impairment in glucose regulation.A lifestyle intervention during pregnancy and first postpartum year successfully reduced the incidence of postpartum impairment in glucose regulation.
Is there an association between family history of diabetes mellitus and long-term cardiovascular hospitalizations of offspring?; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was previously found to be an independent risk factor for long-term cardiovascular morbidity of parturients and their offspring. The objective of this study was to investigate the association between family history of diabetes mellitus (DM) in non-diabetic mothers and long-term pediatric cardiovascular hospitalizations of their offspring. Study design: In a hospital-based cohort study, the incidence of cardiovascular disorders was compared between offspring of non-diabetic mothers with and without a family history of DM. Cardiovascular hospitalizations were assessed up until 18 years of age according to a predefined set of ICD-9 codes associated with hospitalization of offspring. Exclusion criteria included multiple gestations, mothers with pre-gestational or gestational diabetes, lack of prenatal care, and children with congenital malformations and chromosomal abnormalities. A Kaplan-Meier survival curve was used to compare cumulative hospitalizations incidence. A cox proportional hazards model was performed to control for confounders. Results: A total of 208,728 deliveries were included in the study. Of them, 17,040 (8.2%) offspring were born to non-diabetic mothers with a family history of DM. Significant differences in the rates of IVF, induction of labor, obesity, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, smoking and birth weight were found between the two study groups. Total cardiovascular hospitalizations were comparable between the study groups (0.6% vs. 0.7%, p = 0.416). The Kaplan-Meier survival curve exhibited no difference in the cumulative incidence of total cardiovascular hospitalizations of the offspring (log-rank test, p = 0.271). A Cox regression model found that a family history of DM in non-diabetic mothers was not independently associated with long-term cardiovascular hospitalizations of the offspring after controlling for the following confounders: maternal age, birth weight, caesarian section and maternal hypertensive disorders (aHR = 1.130, 95% CI 0.930-1.374, p = 0.220). Conclusion: A family history of DM in non-diabetic parturients, does not increase the risk for cardiovascular hospitalizations of their offspring. (C) 2019 Primary Care Diabetes Europe. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Metabolic Imprinting by Prenatal, Perinatal, and Postnatal Overnutrition: A Review; Epidemiological studies have suggested that metabolic programming is one of the critical factors contributing to the etiology of obesity as well as concurrent increase in related chronic diseases (e.g., type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease). Metabolic programming is the phenomenon whereby a nutritional stress/stimulus applied during critical periods of early development permanently alters an organism's physiology and metabolism, the consequences of which are often observed much later in life. The idea of metabolic programming originated from the fetal origins hypothesis proposed by Barker in which he suggested that disproportionate size at birth of the newborn due to an adverse intrauterine environment correlated well with an increased risk of adult-onset ill health outcomes (type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease). The fetal origins hypothesis, proposed by Barker, suggests that adequate nutrition during fetal development is critical. Overnutrition is a form of malnutrition that has increased in the United States over the past several decades in which nutrients are oversupplied relative to the amounts required for normal growth, development, and metabolism. Evidence for the effects of maternal obesity and overnutrition on metabolic programming is reviewed during critical prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal periods.
Postpartum Care Utilization Among Women with Medicaid-Funded Live Births in Oregon; Introduction Postpartum care is an important strategy for preventing and managing chronic disease in women with pregnancy complications (i.e., gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP)). Methods Using a population-based, cohort study among Oregon women with Medicaid-financed deliveries (2009-2012), we examined Medicaid-financed postpartum care (postpartum visits, contraceptive services, and routine preventive health services) among women who retained Medicaid coverage for at least 90 days after delivery (n = 74,933). We estimated postpartum care overall and among women with and without GDM and/or HDP using two different definitions: 1) excluding care provided on the day of delivery, and 2) including care on the day of delivery. Pearson chi-square tests were used to assess differential distributions in postpartum care by pregnancy complications (p < .05), and generalized estimating equations were used to calculate adjusted odds ratios (aORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Results Of Oregon women who retained coverage through 90 days after delivery, 56.6-78.1% (based on the two definitions) received any postpartum care, including postpartum visits (26.5%-71.8%), contraceptive services (30.7-35.6%), or other routine preventive health services (38.5-39.1%). Excluding day of delivery services, the odds of receiving any postpartum care (aOR 1.26, 95% CI 1.08-1.47) or routine preventive services (aOR 1.32, 95% CI 1.14-1.53) were meaningfully higher among women with GDM and HDP (reference = neither). Discussion Medicaid-financed postpartum care in Oregon was underutilized, it varied by pregnancy complications, and needs improvement. Postpartum care is important for all women and especially those with GDM or HDP, who may require chronic disease risk assessment, management, and referrals.
Special Considerations in the Management of Diabetes in Women; Introduction: Type 2 diabetes and prediabetes are heterogeneous diseases that directly affect over 115 million Americans. Considerable gender differences exist with regard to diabetes risk factors, hormonal effects on glucose, and cardiovascular outcomes. Materials and Methods: Historically, diabetes studies have largely focused on men with the assumption that the data can safely be extrapolated to women. However, more recent investigations have illuminated significant differences between genders. Results: Women are at higher risk of death from cardiovascular disease (CVD), are more likely to die following a myocardial infarction, and are treated less aggressively toward glycemic targets. Additionally, pregnancy and menopause have profound effects on the risks for diabetes and therefore warrant more aggressive diagnostic attention and monitoring. It is important for practitioners to understand that women who have gestational diabetes are at an increased risk for CVD even if they do not develop diabetes. Older age brings additional challenges with diabetes, including increased fracture risk even with normal bone mineral density. Conclusion: Recognizing the stages of life that are unique to women is critical as treatment and patient education can significantly impact patient well-being and outcomes. This article describes female-specific characteristics of prediabetes and diabetes during several distinct phases of life, including pregnancy, menopause, and older age. Diagnostic and management strategies for these populations are also discussed.
Metformin Use in Prediabetes Among US Adults, 2005-2012; OBJECTIVE To determine the prevalence of and characteristics associated with metformin use among U.S. adults with prediabetes using the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2005-2012. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS The American Diabetes Association's guidelines for metformin use in prediabetes have evolved, with 2017 recommendations suggesting metformin be considered in patients with prediabetes and additional risk factors (BMI >= 35 kg/m(2), age < 60 years, or prior gestational diabetes mellitus) or rising hemoglobin A(1c) (HbA(1c)). We estimated the age-adjusted prevalence of metformin use among individuals with prediabetes (defined by HbA(1c) 5.7-6.4%, fasting glucose 100-125 mg/dL, 2-h post stimulated glucose 140-199 mg/dL, or self-report) and used multivariate logistic regression to evaluate characteristics associated with metformin use. RESULTS Of 22,174 adults, 7,652 had prediabetes. The age-adjusted prevalence of metformin use among those with prediabetes was 0.7%. Metformin use was associated with higher mean BMI (35.1 kg/m(2) vs. 29.6 kg/m(2), P < 0.01) and higher glucose (fasting glucose 114 mg/dL vs. 105 mg/dL, P = 0.03; 2-h poststimulated glucose 155 mg/dL vs. 128 mg/dL, P = 0.003; and HbA(1c) 6.0% [42 mmol/mmol] vs. 5.6% [38 mmol/mmol], P < 0.01). Metformin use was low even among those with BMI >= 35 kg/m(2), a group for whom metformin use is recommended. Metformin use did not vary by race, poverty-to-income ratio, or education. CONCLUSIONS Metformin use was <1% among U.S. adults with prediabetes and only slightly more common among those with additional risk factors for diabetes.
Postpartum complications increased in women with polycystic ovary syndrome; BACKGROUND: Women with polycystic ovary syndrome are at a higher risk of cardiometabolic and psychiatric comorbidities and preconception and antepartum complications, but the impact of polycystic ovary syndrome during the postpartum period is unknown. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate the risk of postpartum cardiovascular disease complications and perinatal and postpartum depression. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study conducted using a United States insurance claims database. Women with and without polycystic ovary syndrome aged 18 to 50 years enrolled continuously in a single health plan during the preconception, antepartum, and postpartum periods between 2000 and 2016 were included. The primary outcome was postpartum cardiovascular disease and depression (perinatal and postpartum). Multivariable logistic regression was used to adjust for covariates including age, geographic location, preterm delivery, assisted reproductive technology use, multiple births, prepregnancy depression, prepregnancy diabetes, prepregnancy hypertension, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, obesity, history of hyperlipidemia, smoking, and race. RESULTS: We identified 42,391 unique women with polycystic ovary syndrome and 795,480 women without polycystic ovary syndrome. In multivariable models, women with polycystic ovary syndrome had significantly higher odds of cardiovascular disease complications, including postpartum preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio, 1.30; 95% confidence interval, 1.17-1.45), eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio, 1.45; 95% confidence interval, 1.14-1.86) cardiomyopathy (adjusted odds ratio, 1.26; 95% confidence interval, 1.03-1.54), hypertensive heart disease (adjusted odds ratio, 1.32: 95% confidence interval, 1.07-1.64), thrombotic disease (adjusted odds ratio, 1.50; 95% confidence interval, 1.20-1.87), congestive heart failure (adjusted odds ratio, 1.35; 95% confidence interval, 1.13-1.61), and cerebrovascular accidents (adjusted odds ratio, 1.21; 95% confidence interval, 1.14-1.29), than those without polycystic ovary syndrome, as well as both perinatal (adjusted odds ratio, 1.27; 95% confidence interval, 1.22-1.33) and postpartum depression (adjusted odds ratio, 1.46; 95% confidence interval, 1.36-1.57). Nonobese women with polycystic ovary syndrome had higher odds of postpartum eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio 1.72; 95% confidence interval, 1.31-2.26), peripartum cardiomyopathy (adjusted odds ratio, 1.43; 95% confidence interval, 1.14-1.79), and cerebrovascular accidents (adjusted odds ratio, 1.28; 95% confidence interval, 1.19-1.38) than nonobese women without polycystic ovary syndrome. In the group of women without prepregnancy depression, the odds of perinatal depression (adjusted odds ratio, 1.32; 95% confidence interval, 1.26-1.39) and postpartum depression (adjusted odds ratio, 1.50; 95% confidence interval, 1.39-1.62) were higher in women with polycystic ovary syndrome than those without polycystic ovary syndrome. CONCLUSION: In a large United States cohort, our study found that women with polycystic ovary syndrome are at increased risk of both cardiovascular and psychiatric complications during the postpartum period. Polycystic ovary syndrome should be recognized as an at-risk condition; our findings underscore the need for routine screening and early interventions for these major comorbidities.
The Broken Thread of Health Promotion and Disease Prevention for Women During the Postpartum Period; Postpartum maternal health affects maternal functional status, future pregnancy outcomes, maternal chronic disease development, and infant health. After pregnancy, however, many mothers may find that they face gaps in care related to their health and caregiving roles. Research shows that they were unprepared, uninformed, and unsupported during the postpartum period as they struggle with physical and emotional symptoms, infant caregiving, breastfeeding concerns, and lifestyle adjustments. Limited follow-up after a diagnosis of gestational hypertension or gestational diabetes and screening for postpartum depression are additional gaps in preventive and supportive care. Integrative reviews revealed modest efficacy and limitations of recent postpartum health promotion and disease prevention interventions. System, clinical, and community strategies are identified to address these gaps in women's postpartum health services.
Developmental origins of pregnancy-induced cardiac changes: establishment of a novel model using the atrial natriuretic peptide gene-disrupted mice; Pregnancy evokes many challenges on the maternal cardiovascular system that may unmask predispositions for future disease. This is particularly evident for women who develop pregnancy-related disorders, for example, pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes or hypertension. Such pregnancy-related syndromes increase the risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) postpartum. As a result, pregnancy has been termed as a cardiovascular stress test and an indicator or marker to predict the development of CVD later in life. In addition, pregnancy-related disorders impact the development of offspring also placing them at a higher risk for disease. Utilizing pregnancy as a physiological stressor, the current investigation sought to determine whether the cardiovascular system of offspring exposed to gestational hypertension in utero would respond adversely to the stress of pregnancy. Heterozygous atrial natriuretic peptide gene-disrupted (ANP(+/-)) offspring were generated by either crossing male wildtype - ANP(+/+) with female knockout - ANP(-/-) to produce - ANP(+/-KO) mice or crossing female wildtype - ANP(+/+) with male knockout - ANP(-/-) to produce - ANP(+/-WT) mice. To study the cardiovascular stress induced by pregnancy, female - ANP(+/-WT) and - ANP(+/-KO) mice were mated with male wildtype - ANP(+/+) mice to initiate pregnancy. Cardiac size and molecular expression of the renin-angiotensin (RAS) and natriuretic peptide systems (NPS) were compared between offspring groups. Our data demonstrate that gestational hypertension and lack of maternal ANP did not significantly impact the progression and regression of pregnancy- induced cardiac hypertrophy over gestation and postpartum in - ANP(+/-) offspring. Additionally, the molecular cardiac expression of the RAS and NPS did not differ between offspring groups. Future investigation should assess potential differences in cardiac function and the impact of fetal-programming on offspring cardiovascular adaptations during pregnancy in more severe models of pregnancy- related hypertensive syndrome such as angiotensin II or isoproterenol infusion.
Recognizing Pregnancy-Associated Cardiovascular Risk Factors; Preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, or pregnancy-induced hypertension identify a woman at risk for cardiovascular disease. This information should be incorporated into the routine cardiovascular risk assessment for women, as a basis for appropriate risk factor screening, counseling, and preventive interventions. There is need for development and validation of a clinometric tool to assess cardiovascular risk and guide management. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular risk factors during pregnancy impact the postpartum cardiac and vascular reverse remodeling; Pregnant women with cardiovascular risk (CVR) factors are highly prone to develop cardiovascular disease later in life. Thus, recent guidelines suggest extending the follow-up period to 1 yr after delivery. We aimed to evaluate cardiovascular remodeling during pregnancy and determine which CVR factors and potential biomarkers predict postpartum cardiac and vascular reverse remodeling (RR). Our study included a prospective cohort of 76 healthy and 54 obese and/or hypertensive and/or with gestational diabetes pregnant women who underwent transthoracic echocardiography, pulse-wave velocity (PWV), and blood collection at the 1st trimester (1T) and 3rd trimester (3T) of pregnancy as well as at the 1st/6th/12th mo after delivery. Generalized linear mixed-effects models was used to evaluate the extent of RR and its potential predictors. Pregnant women develop cardiac hypertrophy, as confirmed by a significant increase in left ventricular mass (LVM). Moreover, ventricular filling pressure (E/e ') and atrial volume increased significantly during gestation. Significant regression of left ventricular (LV) volume, LVM, and filling pressures was observed as soon as 1 mo postpartum. The LV global longitudinal strain worsened slightly and recovered at 6 mo postpartum. PWV decreased significantly from 1T to 3T and normalized at 1 mo postpartum. We found that arterial hypertension, smoking habits, and obesity were independent predictors of increased LVM during pregnancy and postpartum. High C-reactive protein (CRP) and low ST2/IL33-receptor levels are potential circulatory biomarkers of worse LVM regression. Arterial hypertension, age, and gestational diabetes positively correlated with PWV. Altogether, our findings pinpoint arterial hypertension as a critical risk factor for worse RR and CRP, and ST2/IL33 receptors as potential biomarkers of postpartum hypertrophy reversal.
Maternal health issues and cardio-metabolic outcomes in the offspring: A focus on Indigenous populations; Non-communicable diseases (NCDs) including diabetes, obesity and cardiovascular disease are the leading causes of death worldwide. Indigenous populations are disproportionally affected. In an effort to halt the increasing disease burden, the mechanisms underlying the increasing rate of NCDs are an important area of study. Recent evidence has focused on the perinatal period as an influential period impacting the future cardio-metabolic health of the offspring. This concept has been defined as metabolic foetal programming and supports the importance of the developmental origins of health and disease in research and clinical practice, specifically in prevention efforts to protect future generations from NCDs. An understanding of the underlying mechanisms involved is not clear as of yet. However, an understanding of these mechanisms is imperative in order to plan effective intervention strategies. As much of the discussion below is gleaned from large epidemiological studies and animal studies, further research with prospective cohorts is necessary. (C) 2014 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Reducing Birth Defects by Decreasing the Prevalence of Maternal Chronic Diseases-Evaluated by Linked National Registration Dataset; Birth defects (BDs) are an important cause of abortion, stillbirth, and infant mortality that may cause lifelong disability. The defects can be caused by genetics, environmental exposure, or maternal chronic diseases. We conducted a study to analyze the association between maternal chronic diseases and BDs and to evaluate the effect of decreasing the prevalence of maternal chronic diseases on reducing BDs. The data of newborns and their mothers were concatenated and analyzed from three national population databases: the National Health Insurance Research Database, the Birth Certificate Application, and the Birth Registration Database in Taiwan during the period of 2005 to 2014. Codes 740-759 of the International Classification of Diseases 9th Revision-Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) were used as the diagnosis of BDs. The prevalence of BDs was 2.72%. Mothers with cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, anemia, genitourinary tract infections, renal diseases, neurotic or psychotic disorders, gestational diabetes mellitus (DM), and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM had a significantly higher prevalence of BDs. The population attributable risk percent (PAR%) of BDs was 1.63%, 0.55%, 0.18%, 1.06%, 0.45%, 0.22%, 0.48%, and 0.24% for maternal hypertension, cardiovascular disease, renal disease, genitourinary infection, anemia, neurotic and psychotic disorders, gestational DM, and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM, respectively. The percentage change (-1%, -5%, and -10% of prevalence in 2034 compared with the prevalence in 2005-2014) of maternal disease and the predicted number of live births was used to estimate the decrease in the number of newly diagnosed BDs in 2034. By using the middle-estimated number of live births in 2034, we predicted that the number of BDs would decrease by 302, 102, 33, 196, 83, 41, 89, and 44 with a -5% prevalence of maternal hypertension, cardiovascular disease, renal disease, genitourinary infection, anemia, neurotic and psychotic disorders, gestational DM, and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM, respectively. We conclude that mothers with chronic diseases, including cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, anemia, genitourinary tract infections, renal diseases, neurotic or psychotic disorders, gestational DM, and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM, have a significantly higher (p < 0.01) prevalence of having offspring with BDs. Mothers with chronic diseases are associated with BDs. It is very important to set up a policy to decrease the prevalence of these maternal chronic diseases; then, we can reduce the incidence of BDs.
Pregnancy as an Early Cardiovascular Moment: Peripartum Cardiovascular Health; Pregnancy is commonly referred to as a window into future CVH (cardiovascular health). During pregnancy, physiological adaptations occur to promote the optimal growth and development of the fetus. However, in approximately 20% of pregnant individuals, these perturbations result in cardiovascular and metabolic complications, which include hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, and small-for-gestational age infant. The biological processes that lead to adverse pregnancy outcomes begin before pregnancy with higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes observed among those with poor prepregnancy CVH. Individuals who experience adverse pregnancy outcomes are also at higher risk of subsequent development of cardiovascular disease, which is largely explained by the interim development of traditional risk factors, such as hypertension and diabetes. Therefore, the peripartum period, which includes the period before (prepregnancy), during, and after pregnancy (postpartum), represents an early cardiovascular moment or window of opportunity when CVH should be measured, monitored, and modified (if needed). However, it remains unclear whether adverse pregnancy outcomes reflect latent risk for cardiovascular disease that is unmasked in pregnancy or if adverse pregnancy outcomes are themselves an independent and causal risk factor for future cardiovascular disease. Understanding the pathophysiologic mechanisms and pathways linking prepregnancy CVH, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and cardiovascular disease are necessary to develop strategies tailored for each stage in the peripartum period. Emerging evidence suggests the utility of subclinical cardiovascular disease screening with biomarkers (eg, natriuretic peptides) or imaging (eg, computed tomography for coronary artery calcium or echocardiography for adverse cardiac remodeling) to identify risk-enriched postpartum populations and target for more intensive strategies with health behavior interventions or pharmacological treatments. However, evidence-based guidelines focused on adults with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes are needed to prioritize the prevention of cardiovascular disease during the reproductive years and beyond.
Importance of measuring Non-HDL cholesterol in type 2 diabetes patients; Objective: To study the correlation between Non-high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus and the proportion of patients achieving Adult Treatment Panel III recommended goals. Methods: The cross sectional study was conducted at the Diabetic Clinic, Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi. Data of Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients who attended the clinic bewteen 2007 and 2011 was reviewed. All Type 2 diabetic patients of either gender with fasting lipid profile irrespective of taking lipid lowering therapy were included. Type-1 DM, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes patients with pregnancy and those with incomplete data were excluded. Correlation between the low-density lipoprotein and Non-high-density lipoprotein was assessed by applying Cramer V and phi. Proportion of patients achieving Adult Treatment Panel III recommended goals was checked. Multivariable regression was done to identify common factors associated with elevated Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Results: A total of 1352 patients fulfilling the eligibility criteria were included in the study. Mean age of the patients was 54.5 +/- 11.3 years; 797 (59%) were males; 1122 (83%) had Body Mass Index above 25; and 1016 (75%) had HbA1c >= 7%. Mean Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was 129 +/- 42mg/dl. Mean low-density lipoprotein cholesterol was 100 +/- 37mg/dl. Both low-density lipoprotein <= 100 and Non-HDL <= 130 mg/dl was achieved in 645 (48%) patients. It is important to note that although 728 (53.8%) patients achieved target LDL cholesterol of <= 100mg/dl, among them 83 (11.4%) had Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol still above the target >130mg/dl (p<0.05). Out of 752 patients with Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol <= 130mg/dl, 645(86%) had low-density lipoprotein cholesterol below 100mg/dl. Cramer V and Phi showed that correlation between Non-high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol was 0.71 (pvalue<0.01). After adjusting for other covariates, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol >100mg/dl was independently associated with having Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol >130mg/dl (Adjusted Odds Ratio 38.6; 95% Confidance Interval = 28.1-53.1). Similarly, age <= 60 years was 60% more likely to have Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol> 130 mg/dl (Adjusted Odds Ratio 1.6; 95% Confidance Interval = 1.01 - 2.3). Whereas having obesity Body Mass Index >25 was 3.6 times more associated to have Non-high-density lipoprotein >130mg/dl (Adjusted Odds Ratio 3.6; 95% Confidance Interval = 1.6-7.7). In patients with coronary artery disease, combined goal achievement of low-density lipoprotein <= 70mg/dl and Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol <= 100mg/dl was seen in 59(35%). Among patients with high-density lipoprotein <= 70mg/dl, 8(10%) had Non-high-density lipoprotein >100mg/dl(p < 0.05). Conclusion: The study showed a correlation between Non-high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. As measuring Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in Type 2 DM patients is simple, cost-effective and convenient because it does not require 12-hour fasting which may be a risk for hypoglycaemia in these patients, clinicians may choose Non-high-density lipoprotein as a routine measure in everyday practice.
Mechanisms by which poor early growth programs type-2 diabetes, obesity and the metabolic syndrome; Fetal programming is gaining momentum as a highly documented phenomenon which links poor early growth to adult disease. It is backed up by large cohorts in epidemiological studies worldwide and has been tested in various animal models. The root causes of programming link closely with maternal condition during pregnancy, and therefore the fetal environment. Suboptimal fetal environments due to poor or inadequate nutrition, infection, anemia, hypertension, inflammation, gestational diabetes or hypoxia in the mother expose the fetus to hormonal, growth factor, cytokine or adipokine cues. These in turn act to alter metabolic, immune system, vascular, hemodynamics, renal, growth and mitochondrial parameters respectively and most evidently in the later stages of life where they impact on the individual as poor glucose homeostasis, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, obesity and heart disease. These events are compounded by over-nutrition or lifestyle choices which are in conflict with the programming of the fetus. We and others have utilised various species to test the early life programming hypothesis and to identify key molecular mechanisms. With parallel studies of human cohorts, these molecular markers can be validated as realistic targets for intervention. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy maternal fetal outcomes among pregnancies complicated with atrioventricular block; Background Atrioventricular block (AVB) during pregnancy is rare. Case study for pregnancy with AVB have been reported but a consensus guideline for peripartum management has not been established. This study aimed to investigate cardiac and obstetric complications and outcomes in our pregnant women with AVB and share our management experience. Methods This was a retrospective study. We reviewed a total of 74 pregnant women with AVB who delivered at our tertiary care center in the past 10 years. The patients were categorized into four groups according to the degree of block. The data were analyzed and compared among the four groups of patients. Results Regarding the cardiac complications, the cardiac function level showed significant difference among patient groups. The higher NYHA class were observed in patients with higher degree AVB. Pacemaker was placed before delivery in 32/33 patients with III degrees AVB, 8/25 patients with II degrees AVB, and 0/16 patient with I degrees AVB. Other types of arrhythmias except AVB were present in all groups of patients but more frequently observed in type I patients with II degrees AVB. No other heart abnormalities were observed among the patient groups. Obstetric complications were found in 21 women (28.4%), including premature labor, premature rupture of membranes (PROM), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, etc. The incidence rate of fetal cardiac abnormalities was 6.58%. But no statistical difference was detected among four groups of patients for fetal and maternal complications and fetal cardiac abnormalities (P>0.05). Caesarean section was performed more in patients with high-degree AVB than in patients with low-degree AVB. No maternal or neonatal death in our cases. Conclusions Most women with AVB could achieve successful pregnancy and delivery. Patients with II degrees AVB type II and III degrees AVB should be monitored vigilantly during pregnancy and post-partum. Temporary pacing before delivery appeared to be beneficial for women with III degrees AVB, and accurate diagnosis and care by a multidisciplinary team was recommended.
Obesity in pregnancy: risks and management; Maternal obesity is now considered one of the most commonly occurring risk factors seen in obstetric practice. Compared with women with a healthy pre-pregnancy weight, women with obesity are at increased risk of miscarriage, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, venous thromboembolism, induced labour, caesarean section, anaesthetic complications and wound infections, and they are less likely to initiate or maintain breastfeeding. Babies of obese mothers are at increased risk of stillbirth, congenital anomalies, prematurity, macrosomia and neonatal death. Intrauterine exposure to obesity is also associated with an increased risk of developing obesity and metabolic disorders in childhood. This article reviews the prevalence of obesity in pregnancy and the associated maternal and fetal complications. Recommendations and suggestions for pre-conception, antenatal and postnatal care of women with obesity are presented, and current research in the UK and future research priorities are considered.
Healthy dietary patterns and common pregnancy complications: a prospective and longitudinal study; Background: Adherence to alternate Healthy Eating Index (AHEI), alternate Mediterranean diet (AMED), and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) has been linked to lower risks of chronic diseases. However, their associations with common pregnancy complications arc unclear. Objectives: This study investigates the associations of AHEI, AMED, and DASH during periconception and pregnancy with common pregnancy complication risks. Methods: The study included 1887 pregnant women from the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Fetal Growth Studies-Singletons. Women responded to an FFQ at 8-13 gestational weeks, and they performed a 24-h dietary recall at 16-22 and 24-29 wk. Gestational diabetes (GDM), gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and preterm delivery were ascertained using medical records. Results: Healthier diet indicated by higher AHEI, AMED, and DASH scores was generally related to lower risks of pregnancy complications. Significant inverse associations were observed between AHEI score reported at 16-22 wk and GDM risk [adjusted RR (95% CI), highest (Q4) vs. lowest quartile (Q1): 0.32 (0.16, 0.66), P-trend = 0.002]; DASH score reported at both 8-13 [adjusted RR (95% CI), Q4 vs. Q1: 0.45 (0.17, 1.17), P-trend = 0.041 and 16-22 wk [adjusted RR (95% CI). Q4 vs. Q1: 0.19 (0.05, 0.65), P-trend = 0.01] and gestational hypertension risk: AHEI score reported at 24-29 wk and preeclampsia risk [adjusted RR (95% CI), Q4 vs. Q1: 0.31 (0.11, 0.87), P-trend = 0.03]; AMED score reported at 8-13 wk [adjusted RR (95% CI), Q4 vs. Q1: 0.50 (0.25, 1.01), P-trend = 0.03] and DASH score reported at 24-29 wk [adjusted RR (95% CI), Q4 vs. Q1: 0.50, (0.26, 0.96), P-trend = 0.031 and preterm delivery risk. Conclusions: Adherence to AHEI, AMED, or DASH during periconception and pregnancy was related to lower risks of GDM, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and preterm delivery.
Association between antenatal blood pressure and 5-year postpartum retinal arteriolar structural and functional changes; Objective Studies have shown that hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with both postpartum retinal microvascular changes and cardiovascular (CV) risks. However, the underlying mechanism of HDP transitioning to microvascular and macrovascular changes remains unknown, due to the interaction between microvasculature and CV risks. In this study, we examined whether associations between antenatal systolic blood pressure (SBP) and postpartum retinal arteriolar changes are independent of postpartum CV risks. Methods We included 276 Singaporean mothers attending both baseline index pregnancy (2009-2010) and 5-year postpartum follow-up visits (2014-2015). We measured SBP at baseline. At follow-up, we assessed retinal microvascular structure and function with retinal photography and dynamic vessel analyser, together with CV risks using a validated 2008 Framingham Risk Score (FRS). We performed a traditional four-step mediation analysis using linear regression by adjusting for a series of baseline characteristics: age, ethnicity, college degree, prepregnancy body mass index and gestational diabetes mellitus diagnosis at baseline. Results We found that each 10 mm Hg increase in baseline SBP was associated with reduced arteriolar calibre (-1.3 mu m; 95% CI -3.0 to 0.2) and fractal dimension (-0.4 degrees of freedom (df); -1.0 to 0.2), and significantly with increased arteriolar constriction (0.5%; 0.001 to 1.0) at 5-year postpartum. Even though baseline SBP was associated with postpartum FRS, the latter was not associated with any retinal arteriolar measures. Therefore, no further mediation analysis was required. Conclusion Our study suggested that elevated SBP during pregnancy was associated with suboptimal retinal arteriolar structure and function independent of postpartum CV risks.
Early elevated alkaline phosphatase increases the risk of large-for-gestational-age birth weight in pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance; Aims: The aim of this study was to assess the association between levels of alkaline phosphatase (ALP) in early pregnancy and the incidence of large-for-gestational-age (LGA) neonates in pregnant women without gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods: A prospective cohort was carried out in 544 women and their biochemical parameters including serum ALP and demographic characteristics were collected in 13-16th gestational week. At 24-28th weeks of gestation, 50 g oral glucose challenge test and oral 75 g glucose tolerance test was performed. LGA was defined as birth weight >= 90th percentile for completed week of gestational age based on the sex-specific growth curves. Logistic regression and receiver operating characteristic analysis were utilized to identify independent risk factors and odds ratio among ALP quartiles for incidence of LGA. Results: Women diagnosed as LGA held higher level of ALP than women in non-LGA group (P = 0.008). Moreover, ALP (odds ratio (OR) 1.05 [95% confidence interval (CI): 1.00, 1.10]) was the independent risk factors associated with LGA. Compared with ALP quartile 1, women in quartile 4 had more than 2.5-fold increased odds of LGA (OR 3.78, 95% CI: 1.10, 13.02), and the risk reached 4 times after adjusting several covariates (OR 4.15, 95% CI: 1.14,15.13). Conclusions: A significantly increased risk of LGA was associated with higher serum concentrations of ALP in pregnant women with NGT, even it is in normal reference range. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Is early-follicular long-acting GnRH agonist protocol an alternative for patients with polycystic ovary syndrome undergoing in vitro fertilization?; Background We aimed to compare the clinical and perinatal outcomes of patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) undergoing in vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection (IVF/ICSI) treatment with either an early-follicular long-acting gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist (GnRH-a) long protocol (EFLL) or a midluteal short-acting GnRH-a long protocol (MLSL). Methods This single-center, retrospective study, included patients with PCOS who underwent IVF/ICSI from January 2013 to June 2019 at the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University, Zhengzhou, China. Patients underwent either MLSL (1179 cycles) or EFLL (2390 cycles). The primary outcomes were pregnancy outcomes, perinatal and maternal complications. Results Fresh embryo transfer (59.12% vs. 55.47%, P = 0.038), clinical pregnancy (75.23% vs. 53.82%, P = 0.001), and live birth rates (63.27% vs. 42.05%, P = 0.010) were higher in the EFLL group. However, the proportion of patients "freezing all" for high risk of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS) (24.27% vs. 32.06%, P = 0.001) and ectopic pregnancy (1.51% vs. 5.97%, P = 0.002) were lower in the EFLL group than in the MLSL group. The incidence of gestational diabetes was higher in the EFLL group than in the MLSL group (5.08% vs. 1.42%, RR 3.714, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.474-9.360, P = 0.003). There were no significant differences in the incidence of hypertension, premature rupture of membranes, placenta previa, congenital heart disease, or neonatal weight between the two groups. Logistic regression results showed that age (OR 0.966, 95% CI 0.941-0.993, P = 0.013), treatments (OR 2.380, 95% CI 1.833-3.089, P = 0.001), and endometrial thickness on trigger day (OR 1.115, 95% CI 1.070-1.162, P = 0.001) were correlated with clinical pregnancy. Pre-pregnancy BMI (OR 1.098, 95% CI 1.002-1.204, P = 0.046), fasting plasma glucose (FPG) (OR 3.096, 95% CI 1.900-5.046, P = 0.001), and treatments (OR 3.458, 95% CI 1.359-8.800, P = 0.009) were correlated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Treatments (OR 0.291, 95% CI 0.148-0.575, P = 0.001) and endometrial thickness on trigger day (OR 0.834, 95% CI 0.722-0.962, P = 0.013) were correlated with ectopic pregnancy. Conclusion The early-follicular long-acting GnRH agonist long protocol can be used as an ideal assisted reproductive technology (ART) pregnancy assistance program for patients with PCOS, but obese patients should be encouraged to lose weight before ART treatments to reduce the risk of GDM.
Adding Strength Training, Exercise Intensity, and Caloric Expenditure to Exercise Guidelines in Pregnancy; Several versions of exercise guidelines for pregnancy have been published, the latest 9 years ago. These guidelines recommend 30 minutes or more of moderate exercise on most if not all days of the week for pregnant women in the absence of medical or obstetric complications. However, moderate-intensity exercise was not defined. In addition, the specific weekly energy expenditure of physical activity was not suggested. Recent research has determined that, compared with less vigorous activities, exercise intensity that reaches at least 60% of the heart rate reserve during pregnancy while gradually increasing physical-activity energy expenditure reduces the risk of gestational diabetes. To achieve the minimum expenditure of 16 metabolic equivalent task-h/wk, one could walk at 2 miles/h for 6.4 h/wk (2.5 metabolic equivalent task-hours, light intensity) or, preferably, exercise on a stationary bicycle for 2.7 h/wk (6 to 7 metabolic equivalent task-hours, vigorous intensity). To achieve the target expenditure of 28 metabolic equivalent task-hours per week, one could walk at 2.0 miles/h for 11.2 h/wk (2.5 metabolic equivalent task-hours, light intensity) or, preferably, exercise on a stationary bicycle for 4.7 h/wk (6 to 7 metabolic equivalent task-hours, vigorous intensity). The more vigorous the exercise, the less total exercise time is required. Light muscle strengthening performed during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy has minimal effect on newborn body size and overall health. On the basis of this and other information, updated recommendations for exercise in pregnancy are suggested. (Obstet Gynecol 2011;117:1399-402) DOI: 10.1097/AOG. 0b013e31821b1f5a
Postpregnancy BMI in the Progression From Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy to Type 2 Diabetes; OBJECTIVE To study the extent to which BMI after pregnancy adds to the elevated risk of postpregnancy type 2 diabetes in women with a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (preeclampsia or gestational hypertension). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We used data from the Nurses' Health Study II, a prospective cohort study. In women aged 45-54 years without prior gestational diabetes mellitus, we investigated the interaction between BMI and HDP history on the risk of type 2 diabetes. For clinical and public health relevance, we focused on additive interaction. The main outcome measure was the relative excess risk due to interaction calculated from multivariable Cox proportional hazardsmodels using normal weight as the reference group. RESULTS In total, 6,563 (11.7%) of 56,159 participants had a history of HDP and 1,341 women developed type 2 diabetes during 436,333 person-years. BMI was a strong risk factor for type 2 diabetes regardless of HDP history. However, there was evidence of an additive interaction between BMI and HDP for the risk of type 2 diabetes (P = 0.004). The attributable proportion of risk due to the interaction ranged from 0.12 (95% CI -0.22, 0.46) in women who were overweight to 0.36 (95% CI 0.13, 0.59) in women with obesity class I. CONCLUSIONS Maintaining a healthy weight may be of even greater importance in women with a history of HDP, compared with other women with a history of only normotensive pregnancies, to reduce midlife risk of type 2 diabetes.
Lack of Exercise Is a Major Cause of Chronic Diseases; Chronic diseases are major killers in the modern era. Physical inactivity is a primary cause of most chronic diseases. The initial third of the article considers: activity and prevention definitions; historical evidence showing physical inactivity is detrimental to health and normal organ functional capacities; cause versus treatment; physical activity and inactivity mechanisms differ; gene-environment interaction (including aerobic training adaptations, personalized medicine, and co-twin physical activity); and specificity of adaptations to type of training. Next, physical activity/exercise is examined as primary prevention against 35 chronic conditions [accelerated biological aging/premature death, low cardiorespiratory fitness (VO(2)max), sarcopenia, metabolic syndrome, obesity, insulin resistance, prediabetes, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, coronary heart disease, peripheral artery disease, hypertension, stroke, congestive heart failure, endothelial dysfunction, arterial dyslipidemia, hemostasis, deep vein thrombosis, cognitive dysfunction, depression and anxiety, osteoporosis, osteoarthritis, balance, bone fracture/falls, rheumatoid arthritis, colon cancer, breast cancer, endometrial cancer, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, polycystic ovary syndrome, erectile dysfunction, pain, diverticulitis, constipation, and gallbladder diseases]. The article ends with consideration of deterioration of risk factors in longer-term sedentary groups; clinical consequences of inactive childhood/adolescence; and public policy. In summary, the body rapidly maladapts to insufficient physical activity, and if continued, results in substantial decreases in both total and quality years of life. Taken together, conclusive evidence exists that physical inactivity is one important cause of most chronic diseases. In addition, physical activity primarily prevents, or delays, chronic diseases, implying that chronic disease need not be an inevitable outcome during life. (C) 2012 American Physiological Society. Compr Physiol 2:1143-1211, 2012.
Reproductive history and physical functioning in midlife: The Bogalusa Heart Study; Objective: To examine the relationship between reproductive history, pregnancy complications, and later physical function. Study design: The Bogalusa Heart Study is a long-running study of cardiovascular health in a semirural community. 761 women were interviewed about their pregnancy history and complications, and underwent tests of physical function. Logistic models for dichotomous outcomes and linear models for continuous outcomes were used, adjusted for covariates. Main outcome measures: Overall scores on the Short Physical Performance Battery (SPPB), which combines scores for balance, gait speed, and chair stands. Additional tests were a 6-min walk, knee extension strength, grip strength, and a pegboard challenge. Results: Nulliparity was associated with lower scores on the walking and balance portions of the SPPB, less distance covered in the 6-min walk, less knee and grip strength, and higher pegboard time, especially among premenopausal women. A history of gestational diabetes was associated with more problems on the walk portion of the SPPB (aOR 2.44, 1.06-5.65), higher chair stand time, and lower knee strength. Young age at first birth (< 16 or 18 years) was associated with a shorter chair stand time and a better pegboard score. Conclusions: Nulliparity was associated with worse physical functioning, while high parity and early pregnancy were not, suggesting that fertility is associated with better health later in life. Pregnancy complications were associated with worse physical functioning, even after controlling for body mass index. Future studies should attempt to establish the pathways by which reproductive health relates to overall physical functioning.
Sex and gender-specific aspects in prediabetes and diabetes mellitus-clinical recommendations (Update 2023); Metabolic diseases dramatically affect the life of men and women from infancy up to old age in different and manifold ways and are a major challenge for the healthcare system. The treating physicians are confronted with the different needs of women and men in the clinical routine. Gender-specific differences affect pathophysiology, screening, diagnostic and treatment strategies of diseases as well as the development of complications and mortality rates. Impairments in glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution and therefore the associated cardiovascular diseases, are greatly influenced by steroidal and sex hormones. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors play an important role in the development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at a younger age and at a lower body mass index (BMI) compared to women but women feature a dramatic increase in the risk of diabetes-associated cardiovascular diseases after the menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with a higher increase in vascular complications in women but a higher increase of cancer deaths in men. In women prediabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavourable changes in coagulation and higher blood pressure. Women with prediabetes and diabetes have a much higher relative risk for vascular diseases. Women are more often morbidly obese and less physically active but may have an even greater benefit in health and life expectation from increased physical activity than men. In weight loss studies men often showed a higher weight loss than women; however, diabetes prevention is similarly effective in men and women with prediabetes with a risk reduction of nearly 40%. Nevertheless, a long-term reduction in all cause and cardiovascular mortality was so far only observed in women. Men predominantly feature increased fasting blood glucose levels, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) as well as increased androgen levels and decreased estrogen levels in women and the presence of erectile dysfunction or decreased testosterone levels in men are important sex-specific risk factors for the development of diabetes. Many studies showed that women with diabetes reach their target values for HbA(1c), blood pressure and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons are unclear. Furthermore, sex differences in the effects, pharmacokinetics and side effects of pharmacological treatment should be taken more into consideration.
Society for maternal and fetal medicine workshop on pregnancy as a window to future health: Clinical utility of classifying women with metabolic syndrome; Women with preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and obesity during pregnancy are at risk for medical complications later in life. Therefore, practitioners should identify those who can benefit from early diagnosis and interventions. Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of risk factors including hypertension, elevated triglycerides, low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, glucose intolerance, and obesity, which also identifies those at risk for cardiovascular disease. Taking the time to classify women with the metabolic syndrome does not necessarily offer risk stratification superior to that offered by identifying the individual components. This article will offer conclusions regarding the need for busy obstetrician/gynecologists to make this classification. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The effect of adverse intrauterine and newborn environments on cognitive development: The experiences of premature delivery and diabetes during pregnancy; The prenatal and early postnatal periods constitute a time of rapid development when the brain is in, a state of both heightened plasticity and vulnerability. Premature infants and infants of diabetic mothers represent two experiments of nature that allow researchers to observe how the developing brain responds to early biological challenge of either a global or regionally specific nature. We outline a set of organizing principles for conceptualizing :he mechanisms by which early adverse experience may be encoded in the brain and subsequently expressed in behavior. We then review the available literature on developmental outcomes for infants born premature and infants of diabetic mothers. Research examining the relative influence of experience and maturation in the development of preterm infants indicates that advance experience does not accelerate the advent of specific cognitive capacities, but may enhance performance once the particular ability has emerged. Long-term follow-up of preterm infants also reveals evidence for plasticity and cognitive improvement into early adolescence for later maturing executive e functions. Finally we offer an integrated model for investigating cognitive outcomes in infants of diabetic mothers that incorporates data from animal, electrophysiological, and behavioral measures.
The effect of primrose on cardiovascular and physical health of women: A review and meta-analysis; Introduction & Background: Cardiovascular disease is on the agenda worldwide due to its many costs. This study aims to investigate the effects of evening primrose oil on women's mental health. Methods: The search strategy of electronic databases included PubMed, Cochrane Library, Web of Science and Scopus. Original clinical trials from January 1, 2023 published in English were searched by two independent investigators in two stages. Results : Administration of vitamin D and EPO improves blood sugar and lipid profile in women with gestational diabetes. The level of LDL showed a statistically significant decrease in evening primrose compared to the control group in prediabetes postmenopausal women. However, the levels of FBS, HDL, TG and cholesterol did not change statistically. The use of vaginal EPO significantly improved the Bishop score in pregnant women and cervical dilatation before hysteroscopy. Evening primrose oil significantly reduced menopausal symptoms such as psychological symptoms and hot flashes. Sexual function and postpartum pain were significantly improved in patients receiving EPO. The effect of EPO and vitamin E in relieving breast pain was the same. The results of meta -analysis showed that evening primrose oil can significantly reduce the severity of periodic mastalgia compared to the control (-0.3 to -0.53: CI 95%) is -0.92, which is statistically significant has (p=0.01). Conclusion : EPO can be recommended as a safe and effective drug to improve cardiac function by controlling cholesterol and menopause symptoms, sexual function and postpartum complications, breast pain. Also, EPO improves blood sugar and lipid profile in women with gestational diabetes.
The fidgety fetus hypothesis - Fetal activity is an additional, variable in determining birth weight of offspring of women with diabetes; OBJECTIVE - To determine whether some offspring of N omen with diabetes are intrinsically more active than others in utero and whether those who are active are able to normalize their birth weight despite maternal hyperglycemia. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We conducted a three-phase study to view the relationship between fetal movements and subsequent birth weight in women with diabetes. Phase I was designed to assess maternal perception of fetal movements in a population of 10 women with diabetes. To improve our fetal monitoring techniques, in phase II we analyzed fetal movements using the Card Guard home fetal monitoring device (CG 900P) in a population of 13 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). To apply our observations of fetal movements to a larger population, during phase III we conducted a retrospective analysis of fetal monitoring strips (HP 8041A) from 46 women with GDM to examine the relationship between fetal heart rate (FHR) accelerations and percentile birth weight, corrected for gestational age. RESULTS - Phase I confirmed that there is little variability in fetal movements (i.e., fetal kicks did not significantly deviate from one another on a day-to-day basis). In phase II, the fetal monitoring strips illustrated that the active fetuses (defined as 2 4 FHR accelerations in a 20-min period) were always active, and the inactive fetuses were always inactive. The mean birth weight percentile, corrected for gestational age, in the active group was 37 vs. 63% in he inactive group (P = 0.05). In phase III, the fetal monitoring strips showed an inverse correlation between the mean number of FHR acceleration's and the birth weight of the fetus, corrected for gestational age. The mean birth weight percentile in the active group was 37 vs. 62% in the inactive group (P = 0.0017). CONCLUSIONS - The fetus appears to play a role in determining its own destiny. Increased fetal activity may minimize the impact of hyperglycemia on subsequent birth weight. The inactive fetus appears to be at a higher risk for glucose-mediated macrosomia.
Fetal Malnutrition and Long-Term Outcomes; Epidemiological studies have shown that lower birthweight is associated with a wide range of adverse outcomes in later life, including poorer 'human capital' (shorter stature, lower cognitive performance), increased risk factors for later disease (higher blood pressure and reduced glucose tolerance, and lung, kidney and immune function), clinical disease (diabetes, coronary heart disease, chronic lung and kidney disease), and increased all-cause and cardiovascular mortality. Higher birthweight is associated with an increased risk of cancer and (if caused by gestational diabetes) obesity and diabetes. The 'developmental origins of health and disease' hypothesis proposes that fetal nutrition has permanent effects on growth, structure and metabolism ('programming'). This is supported by studies in animals showing that maternal under- and overnutrition during pregnancy can produce similar abnormalities in the adult offspring. Common chronic diseases could potentially be prevented by achieving optimal fetal nutrition, and this could have additional benefits for survival and human capital. Recent follow-up of children born after randomized nutritional interventions in pregnancy provides weak evidence of beneficial effects on growth, vascular function, lipid concentrations, glucose tolerance and insulin resistance. Animal studies indicate that epigenetic phenomena may be an important mechanism underlying programming, and that nutritional interventions may need to start preconceptionally. Copyright (C) 2013 Nestec Ltd., Vevey/S. Karger AG, Basel
Home management by remote self-monitoring in intermediate- and high-risk pregnancies: A retrospective study of 400 consecutive women; Introduction Home management in general is considered to improve patient well-being, patient involvement and cost-effectiveness, for obstetric patients as well. But concerns regarding inclusion of intermediate- and high-risk pregnant women are an issue and a limitation for clinical implementation. This retrospective study evaluated the outcome and safety of extended remote self-monitoring of maternal and fetal health in intermediate- and high-risk pregnancies. Material and methods The study reports on 400 singleton pregnancies complicated by preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM), fetal growth restriction, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, high-risk of preeclampsia, or a history of previous fetal or neonatal loss. Remote self-monitoring was performed by pregnant women and included C-reactive protein, non-stress test by cardiotocography, temperature, blood pressure, heart rate, and a questionnaire concerning maternal and fetal wellbeing. Data were transferred to the hospital using a mobile device platform and evaluated by healthcare professionals. In case of non-reassuring registrations, the pregnant women were invited for assessment at the hospital. Primary outcome was perinatal death. Secondary outcomes were other maternal and perinatal complications. Results No severe maternal complications were observed. Nine fetal or neonatal deaths occurred, all secondary to malformations, severe fetal growth restriction, extreme prematurity or lung hypoplasia in cases of PPROM before 24 weeks. Even in the latter group, fetal and neonatal survival was 78% (18/23) and rose to 97% (60/62) when PPROM occurred after a gestational age 23+6 weeks. None of the fetal or neonatal deaths were attributable to the home-management setting. Conclusions Home-monitoring including remote self-monitoring of fetal and maternal well-being in intermediate- and high-risk pregnancies seems to be a safe alternative to inpatient or frequent outpatient care, which sets the stage for a new way of thinking of hospital care. The implementation process included staff training workshops and development of patient enrollment practice with clarification of expectations and responsibilities, which can be crucial to the results.
Antenatal management of singleton pregnancies conceived using assisted reproductive technology; Key content Use of assisted reproductive technology (ART) to achieve conception is increasing worldwide, and while the majority of resulting pregnancies will have a normal outcome, not all do. Assisted conceptions are at increased risk of maternal and fetal complications - many of which may be underappreciated or indeed overappreciated by those who go on to look after pregnant women. Healthcare professionals involved in the antenatal care of women who have conceived using ART must understand the potential risks, their significance and how best to monitor them. Learning objectives To understand the maternal complications associated with ART, including ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome, miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy, pregnancy-induced hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and venous thromboembolism. To understand the fetal complications associated with ART, including genetic and chromosomal disorders, structural abnormalities, growth restriction, stillbirth and preterm labour. To establish an evidence-based approach to the antenatal management of singleton pregnancies conceived using ART.
Cohort profile update: the Norwegian STORK Groruddalen (STORK G) pregnancy and birth cohort-the role of ethnicity and causal pathways for obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and other health issues; PurposeThe STORK Groruddalen cohort was set up in 2008 to explore ethnic differences in: (1) maternal health, primarily gestational diabetes (GDM) and related health issues during pregnancy and post partum, and effects of exposures on risk for type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and other health issues, and (2) offspring's growth and body composition, overweight/obesity and effects of early life exposures.Participants823 women (74% of invited) were followed from gestational week (GW) 15. Data were collected from 618 fathers. In total, 59% of women and 53% of fathers had origin from non-Western countries. Maternal mean age was 29.9 years (SD 4.9), and body mass index (BMI) 25.3 kg/m2 (4.9). Data were obtained from 772 women (94%) at GW 28, and 662 women (80%) 14 weeks post partum. Eleven years post partum, 385 women (53% of eligible/47% of original cohort) attended, age was 42.0 years (4.8) and BMI 27.1 kg/m2 (5.1). We have data for 783 children at birth, and for 586 at last time point, mean age 8.6 (0.5) years, weight 30.7 (6.8) kg and length 133.9 (6.3) cm.Findings to dateWe collected questionnaire data from parents, clinical measurements and blood samples from mothers, and data on children's growth (mid-pregnancy to 8 years). Our biobank includes maternal blood and urine samples, biopsy material from placentas and umbilical venous cord blood. We found several clinically important differences in maternal health, with higher risk in ethnic minority groups for GDM, insulin resistance, vitamin D and iron deficiency, depressive symptoms and physical inactivity. Contrasting patterns of fetal growth and risk of overweight/thinness at preschool age were observed across ethnic groups. Maternal GDM, obesity and high gestational weight gain were associated with children's BMI trajectories.Future plansWe will examine the impact of maternal and fetal health and development during pregnancy on long-term outcomes for mothers and offspring.Trial registration numberProject title STORK G-2: Women and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes NCT03870724 (ClinicalTrials.gov).
Cardiometabolic profile of people screened for high risk of type 2 diabetes in a national diabetes prevention programme (FIN-D2D); Aims: To study screening of high-risk individuals as part of a national diabetes prevention programme in primary health care settings in Finland between 2003 and 2007, and evaluate the cardiometabolic risk profile of persons identified for intervention. Methods: High-risk individuals were identified by the Finnish Diabetes Risk Score (FINDRISC), history of impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), cardiovascular disease (CVD), or gestational diabetes. Participants subsequently underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. CVD morbidity risk was estimated by the Framingham Study Risk Equation and CVD mortality risk by the Systematic Coronary Risk Evaluation Formula (SCORE). Results: A high-risk cohort of 10,149 (of whom 30.3% men) was identified (mean age 54.7 for men, 53.0 for women). Altogether 18.8% of men and 11.5% of women had screen-detected diabetes. In total 68.1% of men and 49.4% of women had abnormal glucose tolerance (IFG, IGT or screen-detected diabetes). Furthermore, 43.2% and 41.5% of men, and 13.3% and 11.3% of women, respectively, had a high predicted risk of CVD morbidity or mortality. Conclusion: Prevalence of dysglycemia including undiagnosed diabetes and the predicted risk for CVD was alarmly high in the identified high-risk cohort, particularly in men. (C) 2010 Primary Care Diabetes Europe. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Guidance for Modifying the Definition of Diseases A Checklist; IMPORTANCE No guidelines exist currently for guideline panels and others considering changes to disease definitions. Panels frequently widen disease definitions, increasing the proportion of the population labeled as unwell and potentially causing harm to patients. We set out to develop a checklist of issues, with guidance, for panels to consider prior to modifying a disease definition. OBSERVATIONS We assembled a multidisciplinary, multicontinent working group of 13 members, including members from the Guidelines International Network, Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation working group, and the World Health Organisation. We used a 5-step process to develop the checklist: (1) a literature review of issues, (2) a draft outline document, (3) a Delphi process of feedback on the list of issues, (4) a 1-day face-to-face meeting, and (5) further refinement of the checklist. The literature review identified 12 potential issues. From these, the group developed an 8-item checklist that consisted of definition changes, number of people affected, trigger, prognostic ability, disease definition precision and accuracy, potential benefits, potential harms, and the balance between potential harms and benefits. The checklist is accompanied by an explanation of each item and the types of evidence to assess each one. We used a panel's recent consideration of a proposed change in the definition of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) to illustrate use of the checklist. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE We propose that the checklist be piloted and validated by groups developing new guidelines. We anticipate that the use of the checklist will be a first step to guidance and better documentation of definition changes prior to introducing modified disease definitions.
Fundamental Concepts and Novel Aspects of Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome: Expert Consensus Resolutions; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a very common endocrine and metabolic disorder with the involvement of both genetic and environmental factors. Although much has been clarified on its pathogenesis, diagnosis, clinical manifestations, and therapy, there are still areas of uncertainty. To address fundamental concepts, novel aspects and hypotheses, and future perspectives, including the possible additional benefits of treatment with nutraceuticals, an expert consensus panel formed by endocrinologists and gynecologists was established. After an independent review of the literature, the panel convened electronically on February 3, 2020, and six resolutions were created, debated, and agreed upon discussion, and finally approved in their final form in a consensus livestream meeting held on April 15. The summary of the resolutions are: (1) PCOS is a well-established medical condition that negatively affects reproduction, general health, sexual health, and quality of life; (2) the symptoms and signs of PCOS appear early in life especially in female newborns from PCOS carriers; (3) women with PCOS have significantly increased risk of pregnancy-related complications including gestational diabetes mellitus; (4) a male PCOS equivalent exists, and it may impact on metabolic health and probably on reproduction; (5) the evidence supports that medical therapy for PCOS is effective, rational, and evidence-based; (6) the evidence supports a major research initiative to explore possible benefits of nutraceutical therapy for PCOS. The proposed resolutions may be regarded as points of agreement based on the current scientific evidence available.
Maternal Obesity Modulates Cord Blood Concentrations of Proprotein Convertase Subtilisin/Kexin-type 9 Levels; Context In utero exposure to maternal obesity or diabetes is considered a pro-inflammatory state.Objective To evaluate whether cord blood proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin-type 9 (PCSK9), which is regulated by inflammation and metabolic derangements, is elevated in neonates born to overweight, obese, or diabetic mothers.Methods A retrospective study in full-term neonates born between 2010 and 2023, at Brigham and Women's Hospital. There were 116 neonates included in our study, of which 74 (64%) were born to overweight/obese mothers and 42 (36%) were born to nonoverweight/nonobese mothers.Results Neonates born to overweight/obese mothers had significantly higher cord blood concentrations of PCSK9 compared with neonates born to nonoverweight/nonobese group (323 [253-442] ng/mL compared with 270 [244-382] ng/mL, P = .041). We found no significant difference in cord blood concentrations of PCSK9 between neonates of diabetic mothers compared with neonates of nondiabetic mothers. In multivariate linear regression analysis, higher cord plasma PCSK9 concentration was significantly associated with maternal overweight/obesity status (b = 50.12; 95% CI, 4.02-96.22; P = .033), after adjusting for gestational age, birth weight, male sex, and intrauterine growth restriction.Conclusion Neonates born to mothers with overweight/obesity have higher cord blood PCSK9 concentrations compared with the nonoverweight/nonobese group, and higher cord blood PCSK9 concentrations were significantly associated with maternal overweight/obesity status, after adjusting for perinatal factors. Larger longitudinal studies are needed to examine the role of PCSK9 in the development of metabolic syndrome in high-risk neonates born to overweight, obese, or diabetic mothers.
Echocardiographic measurements in infants of diabetic mothers and macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers; Aim: To compare echocardiographic findings of infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs), macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers and healthy full term appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) infants. Methods: Included in this study were 83 infants, admitted to our Neonatology Unit. Thirty-three IDMs, including both macrosomic and nonmacrosomic, comprised Group A, 25 macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers comprised group B, and 25 healthy full term AGA infants comprised group C. Echocardiographic measurements were performed in the first,three days after birth and compared by using one-way ANOVA, Post Hoc Tukey HSD and Student's t tests. Results: The left ventricular end-systolic/left ventricular end-diastolic diameter ratio of group A was significantly smaller than that of group C (P<0.05). The interventricular septum/posterior wall thickness ratios of groups A and B were greater than those of group C (P < 0.05). The left ventricular mass index of group A was greater than those of groups B and C (P < 0.05). The shortening fraction and ejection fraction of group A were increased in comparison to group C (P<0.05). When comparing the values of echocardiographic measurements of macrosomic IDMs (n = 9) with nonmacrosomic ones (n=24), and infants of pregestational diabetic mothers (n=11) with those of gestational diabetes mothers (n=22), no statistical difference was found. Conclusion: The present study suggests that underlying mechanisms common to both macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers and IDMs lead to less cardiac alterations in the macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers than in IDMs.
The role of optimum diabetes care in form of Ramadan focused diabetes education, flash glucose monitoring system and pre-Ramadan dose adjustments in the safety of Ramadan fasting in high risk patients with diabetes; Background: Physiology of intermittent and prolonged fasting is known from healthy subjects. Evidence on high and very high-risk groups is lacking. The anticipated risks include hypoglycemia, hyperglycemia, dehydration and thrombosis. Education, pre-Ramadan doses adjustment, and glucose monitoring devices (Optimum diabetes care in Ramadan) is expected to lower this risk. Aims: We aimed to assess the value of optimum care in diabetes management during Ramadan on the metabolic parameters of high risk patients with diabetes. Moreover, we wanted to assess and understand the safety of fasting in this group. Methods: This is a prospective interventional study. Patient with high-risk diabetes who insisted on fasting. High risk patients defined as any one with type 1 or type 2 diabetes on insulin, Gestational diabetes, stage 3 kidney disease, and having history of ischemic heart disease. All patients received a Freestyle Libre continuous glucose monitoring device, and was offered to attend the clinic at any time during the study, this collectively defined as optimum diabetes care during Ramadan. Biometric (Weight, height, Blood pressure) and biochemical (Glycosylated hemoglobin A, Lipids profile, creatinine, and estimated glomeru-lar filtration rate) were reported within 4-6 weeks before and after Ramadan. Results: Total of 169 patients were. Majority were females 54.4% (n = 92). There was a remarkable improvement in glycemic control from 7.6 + 1.2 to 7.3 + 1.2 percent (p = 0.00). Serum creatinine showed a negligible change at the end of the study from 0.81 + 0.3 to 0.82 + 0.2 mg/dl). Only total cholesterol worsened significantly (p = 0.02). (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Diabetes care in the dispersed population of Greenland. A new model based on continued monitoring, analysis and adjustment of initiatives taken; Diabetes used to be a rare condition among Inuit in Greenland. However, research in recent decades has shown a high prevalence of undiagnosed diabetes. Addressing diabetes in the geographically dispersed population of Greenland presents a challenge to the health care system. In 2008, a new model of diabetes care was introduced in Greenland that included continual monitoring, analysis, and adjustment of initiatives taken. The overall aim of this review was to review the feasibility of the monitoring of an ongoing national diabetes care programme. After ten years of observation it was clear that monitoring of such a programme based on information in electronic medical records in Greenland was feasible. It was found that the majority of the population in Greenland was in contact with the health care system. Increased diagnostic activity resulted in an increased prevalence of diagnosed diabetes. The quality of diabetes care in Greenland and the testing effectiveness of gestational diabetes were improved. Microvascular complications were frequently observed among Greenlandic diabetic patients, except for retinopathy that was as an exception. In summary, this model may improve diabetes care and potentially care for other chronic conditions in Greenland, and may also be helpful in other remote settings where chronic disease care is difficult.
Trends in Selected Chronic Conditions and Related Risk Factors Among Women of Reproductive Age: Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System, 2011-2017; Introduction: Chronic diseases in the United States are the leading drivers of disability, death, and health care costs. In women of reproductive age (WRA), chronic disease and related risk factors can also affect fertility and reproductive health outcomes. This analysis of trends from 2011 to 2017 adds additional indicators and updates an analysis covering 2001-2009. Methods: Data from the 2011-2017 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System were analyzed for 265,544 WRA (18-44 years). To assess trends in 12 chronic conditions and related risk factors, we calculated annual prevalence estimates and adjusted prevalence ratios (APRs) with predicted marginals accounting for age, race, Hispanic ethnicity, education, and health care coverage. Results: From 2011 to 2017, prevalence decreased for current smoking (20.7%-15.9%; p < 0.001), gestational diabetes (3.1%-2.7%; p = 0.003), and high cholesterol (19.0%-16.7%; p < 0.001); prevalence increased for depression (20.4%-24.9%; p < 0.001) and obesity (24.6%-27.6%; p < 0.001). After adjustment, in 2017 WRA were more likely to report asthma (APR = 1.06; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.01-1.11), physical inactivity (APR = 1.08; 95% CI = 1.04-1.12), obesity (APR = 1.15; 95% CI = 1.11-1.19), and depression (APR = 1.29; 95% CI = 1.25-1.34) compared with 2011. They were less likely to report high cholesterol (APR = 0.89; 95% CI = 0.85-0.94) in 2015 compared with 2011, and current smoking (APR = 0.86; 95% CI = 0.82-0.89) and gestational diabetes (APR = 0.84; 95% CI = 0.75-0.94) in 2017 compared with 2011. Conclusions: Some chronic conditions and related risk factors improved, whereas others worsened over time. Research clarifying reasons for these trends may support the development of targeted interventions to promote improvements, potentially preventing adverse reproductive outcomes and promoting long-term health.
Associations between maternal risk factors of adverse pregnancy and birth outcomes and the offspring epigenetic clock of gestational age at birth; Background: A recent study has shown that it is possible to accurately estimate gestational age (GA) at birth from the DNA methylation (DNAm) of fetal umbilical cord blood/newborn blood spots. This DNAm GA predictor may provide additional information relevant to developmental stage. In 814 mother-neonate pairs, we evaluated the associations between DNAm GA and a number of maternal and offspring characteristics. These characteristics reflect prenatal environmental adversity and are expected to influence newborn developmental stage. Results: DNAm GA acceleration (GAA; i.e., older DNAm GA than chronological GA) of the offspring at birth was associated with maternal age of over 40 years at delivery, pre-eclampsia and fetal demise in a previous pregnancy, maternal pre-eclampsia and treatment with antenatal betamethasone in the index pregnancy, lower neonatal birth size, lower 1-min Apgar score, and female sex. DNAm GA deceleration (GAD; i.e., younger DNAm GA than chronological GA) of the offspring at birth was associated with insulin-treated gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in a previous pregnancy and Sjogren's syndrome. These findings were more accentuated when the DNAm GA calculation was based on the raw difference between DNAm GA and GA than on the residual from the linear regression of DNAm GA on GA. Conclusions: Our findings show that variations in the DNAm GA of the offspring at birth are associated with a number of maternal and offspring characteristics known to reflect exposure to prenatal environmental adversity. Future studies should be aimed at determining if this biological variation is predictive of developmental adversity.
Routine blood tests during pregnancy for predicting future increases in risk of cardiovascular morbidity; Objective: To examine the association between routine blood tests during pregnancy and future risk of cardiovascular morbidity. Methods: The present case-control study was conducted among women who delivered at a teaching hospital in Israel between January 1, 2000, and December 31, 2012. The cohort comprised women who were subsequently hospitalized owing to cardiovascular morbidity (case group) and age-matched non-hospitalized women (control group). Blood levels of creatinine, glucose, potassium, urea, and uric acid were measured during pregnancy. Only women with at least one test result available for all five measurements were included. The relationship between upper quartile blood test values and cardiovascular hospitalization was assessed. Results: The study included 4115 women (212 in the case group and 3903 in the control group). Three measures were associated with a future risk of cardiovascular morbidity requiring hospitalization: creatinine (hazard ratio [HR] 1.86, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.37-2.53; P<0.001); potassium (HR 1.48, 95% CI 1.09-2.01; P=0.013), and urea (HR 1.60, 95% CI 1.17-2.19; P=0.003). The number of blood test results in the upper quartile also increased such risk. The HRs for two tests and at least three tests were 1.65 (95% CI 1.06-2.56; P=0.026) and 3.32 (95% CI 2.19-5.04; P<0.001), respectively. Conclusions: Future cardiovascular morbidity was predicted by routine blood tests during pregnancy.
Role of GAB1/PI3K/AKT signaling high glucose-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for abnormal heart development. Previous work showed that a decrease of myocardial cells and an increase of apoptotic cells leading to heart defects under hyperglycemia, and many genes and protein have been found to play important roles in cardiomyocyte apoptosis. However, there are still many blind nodes in HG-induced cardiac apoptosis. Our study showed that down-regulation of GAB1 occurred concurrently with HG-induced cardiomyocytes apoptosis and in the heart tissues of offspring of diabetic rats in vitro and in vivo. MTT and apoptosis assay showed GAB1 played a key role in mediating HG-induced apoptosis of cardiomyocytes. Down-regulation of XIAP and increased activities of Caspase3/7 was associated with GAB1-mediated cardiomyocyte apoptosis in response to HG treatment. Further study showed that the phosphorylation levels of AKT (Ser473) decreased after HG treatment. Over-expression of GAB1 resisted the reduction in AKT phosphorylation in response to HG. LY294002, which is an effective inhibitor of the PI3 K/AKT signaling pathway, partly inhibited GAB1 to suppress apoptosis induced by HG in cardiomyocytes, and partly suppressed GAB1 to resist the decrease of XIAP in response to HG, indicating AKT signaling, XIAP, and Caspase3/7 participated in GAB1-mediated cardiomyocyte apoptosis in response to HG. Generally, we demonstrate a novel role of GAB1 and its down-stream signaling PI3 K/AKT for modulating cardiomyocyte apoptosis in response to high glucose in vitro and vivo. (C) 2017 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Recommendations regarding exercise during pregnancy made by private/small group practice obstetricians in the USA; For pregnant women, exercise offers numerous benefits with little risk. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) endorses aerobic exercise for all pregnant women without medical or obstetric complications. Nonetheless, only a small percentage of pregnant women meet exercise guidelines. We investigated the extent to which obstetricians (Obs) in private or small group practice in the USA actively recommend exercise to their pregnant patients. Surveys were sent to 300 Obs in 33 American cities, of which 83 were returned. 52% of respondents reported discussing exercise with 81-100% of their patients. Using a 7-point Likert scale (1 = never, 7 = always), Obs reported recommending aerobic exercise more often than resistance exercise (5.6 +/- 1.5 versus 3.8 +/- 1.6, p < 0.001). Obs do not routinely advise sedentary women to initiate exercise during pregnancy (mean 4.4 +/- 1.8). Of the 67% of Obs who specify a target exercise duration, 95% recommend >= 16 min, consistent with ACOG guidelines. However, 62% of Obs reported that they regularly specify a maximum heart rate, even though ACOG guidelines do not. Half of respondents indicated that they advise a reduction in exercise load during the third trimester, even for uncomplicated pregnancies. Respondents' opinions were mixed regarding the extent to which exercise reduces gestational diabetes or preeclampsia risk and they believe more research on exercise during pregnancy is needed. Half of Obs do not routinely discuss exercise. The majority is hesitant to advise sedentary gravidae to start exercise and is conservative with respect to exercise intensity. Action may be needed to convince more Obs to routinely recommend exercise to all healthy patients.
Effects of Maternal Obesity on Maternal and Fetal Health; Obesity, as defined by body mass index (BMI) is one of the biggest challenges facing health care system including maternity services today, particularly in the industrialized nations. Maternal obesity is linked with a number of pregnancy complications including gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, venous thromboembolism, caesarean delivery, postpartum haemorrhage, macrosomia, shoulder dystocia and poor perinatal outcomes. Obesity has also been shown to be independently associated with higher odds of dying from specific pregnancy complications. These risks increases with increasing BMI and are highest in women with BMI >= 50. The mechanisms underlying these pathologies remain unclear. All obese women in reproductive age group should be counselled about weight gain, exercise programmes, nutrition and food choices, longer term health risks and increased risk of maternal and fetal complications, ideally before contemplating pregnancy. They should also be supported to lose weight and optimise their health before conception. Obese pregnant women should receive routine care supplemented by specialist services and facilities that are specific to their needs, to improve maternal and perinatal outcomes.
Elevated serum uric acid to creatinine ratio is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes: a prospective birth cohort study; Purpose: This study evaluated the association between maternal serum uric acid-to-creatinine ratio (SUA/SCr) in the first trimester and adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Methods: A prospective birth cohort study was conducted between 2018 and 2021. Logistic regression models and restricted cubic splines were utilized to estimate the associations between the SUA/SCr ratio and feto-maternal pregnancy outcomes. Women were stratified according to maternal age and pre-pregnancy body mass index. Results: This study included 33,030 pregnant women with live singleton pregnancies. The overall prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), cesarean delivery, preterm birth, large-for-gestational age (LGA), small-for-gestational age, and low Apgar scores were 15.18%, 7.96%, 37.62%, 4.93%, 9.39%, 4.79% and 0.28%, respectively. The highest quartile of SUA/SCr was associated with the highest risk of GDM (odds ratio [OR] 2.14, 95% CI 1.93-2.36), PIH (OR 1.79, 95% CI 1.58-2.04), cesarean delivery (OR 1.24, 95% CI 1.16-1.33), and preterm birth (OR 1.30, 95% CI 1.12-1.51). The associations between SUA/SCr with adverse pregnancy outcomes showed linear relationships except for GDM (P < 0.001 for all, P < 0.001 for non-linearity). Subgroup analyses revealed that the associations between the SUA/SCr ratio and the risks of PIH and LGA were significantly stronger in younger pregnant women (P = 0.033 and 0.035, respectively). Conclusion: Maternal SUA/SCr levels were associated positively with the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Timely monitoring of SUA and SCr levels during early pregnancy may help reduce the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and provide a basis for interventions.
The association of breast feeding for at least six months with hemodynamic and metabolic health of women and their children aged three years: an observational cohort study; BackgroundBreastfeeding is important for both mother and child in reducing risk of future cardiovascular disease. Therefore, it may be an effective method to improve cardio-metabolic health, particularly those who are exposed to pregnancy complications which increase later CVD risk for both mother and child. The aim of this study is to assess differences in cardiometabolic health at three years postpartum in mothers who breastfed for at least six months and their children compared to those who did not.MethodsWomen and children from the Screening Tests to Predict Poor Outcomes of Pregnancy (STOP) study (2015-2017) were invited to attend a health check-up at three years postpartum. Women's breastfeeding status at least six months postpartum was ascertained through their child health record. Anthropometric and hemodynamic measurements were taken from women and their children. A fasting blood sample was taken from women to measure blood glucose and lipids.ResultsA total of 160 woman-child dyads were assessed in this study. Women who breastfed for at least six months had significantly lower maternal BMI, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, mean arterial pressure, central systolic blood pressure, and central diastolic blood pressure than those who did not and this did not change after adjusting for BMI and socioeconomic index in early pregnancy, prenatal smoking and maternal age in early pregnancy. Subgroup analysis on women who had one or more pregnancy complications during the index pregnancy (i.e. preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, delivery of a small for gestational age infant, delivery of a preterm infant, and/or gestational diabetes mellitus) demonstrated that women who breastfed for at least six months had significantly lower maternal systolic and diastolic blood pressures, serum insulin and triglycerides, and higher HDL cholesterol. There were no differences in child anthropometric or hemodynamic variables at three years of age between those children who had been breastfed for at least six months and those who had not.ConclusionBreastfeeding for at least six months may reduce some maternal; cardiovascular risk factors in women at three years postpartum, in particular, in those who have experienced a complication of pregnancy.
Pilot Test of a Culturally Appropriate Diabetes Prevention Intervention for At-Risk Latina Women; Purpose The purpose of the study was to test the preliminary effectiveness, feasibility, and acceptability of a peer-led, culturally appropriate, Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP)-based lifestyle intervention for Latina women at high-risk for type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Methods Participants (N = 61) were overweight/obese (body mass index [BMI] 25) Latina women with no diabetes, at elevated risk either due to midlife age (45-65 years; n = 37) or history of gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 24). The study used a 1-group pretest-posttest design and offered 12 weeks of peer-led education sessions in a community setting. The intervention targeted physical activity and dietary behaviors to facilitate weight reduction and included culturally appropriate content, age-specific health information, and stress/emotion management strategies. Clinical and self-report assessments were conducted at baseline, month 3, and month 6. Results Mean participant age was 47.8 years (SD = 10.8). Most (91.2%) were born in Mexico, and 43.3% had a ninth-grade education or less. At month 6, participants achieved a mean reduction of 4.1% body weight (7 lb [3.2 kg]). Statistically significant improvements were observed for dietary behaviors, stress, and depression symptoms. Attrition was low, 5% (3 women). Focus groups indicated that intervention content increased knowledge, was applicable, highly valued, culturally relevant, and would be recommended to others. Conclusions This culturally tailored DPP adaptation was feasible and acceptable for 2 groups of Latina women at high-risk for T2DM and showed preliminary effectiveness in reducing weight and modifying self-reported dietary behaviors, stress, and depression symptoms. Further research is needed to identify ways to enhance weight loss and diabetes prevention in this at-risk, underserved population.
Diabetes Mellitus and Related Admission Factors Among Hospitalized Patients in King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia; Background Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a rapidly increasing serious health problem that affects the population all over the world. The increasing prevalence of DM in Saudi Arabia is reflected in our hospital admissions as well. This study aimed to assess the proportion of DM (including type 1 and type 2 diabetes) among hospitalized patients and the reasons for admissions to the medical unit at King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital (KAUH) in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Methods We conducted a hospital record-based cross-sectional study at KAUH from January to April 2021. The study included all adult patients admitted to the internal medicine wards and isolation unit but excluded patients in the coronary care unit and those with gestational diabetes. We reviewed the medical records to collect demographic data, causes of admission, laboratory results, and outcomes. Results Among the hospitalized patients, 49.9% had DM. The most common associated risk factors and causes of admission among patients with DM were hypertension (HTN; 73.2%) and dyslipidemia (43.1%). Other less common reasons for admission were heart failure (20.6%), coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19; 17.8%), chronic kidney disease (CKD; 14.5%), pneumonia (12.3%), and stroke (10%). Dyslipidemia, HTN, CKD, diabetic ketoacidosis, heart failure, and need for intensive care unit (ICU) admission were significantly higher in diabetic patients as compared to patients without diabetes. HTN, dyslipidemia, CKD, heart failure, stroke, acute abdomen, and malignancy were significantly higher in patients with type 2 diabetes. Among diabetic patients, those with non-Saudi nationality, low hemoglobin level, dyslipidemia, pneumonia, sepsis, and requiring ICU admission had a greater risk of death. Conclusions The high burden of DM on the secondary healthcare level in Saudi Arabia highlights the need for effective diabetes prevention and treatment strategies in primary care and hospital outpatient settings. Such measures would help reduce the hospitalization rate and ease the healthcare system's burden.
Neurodevelopmental Risk Factors in Premature Babies; Introduction: risk factors that premature babies may encounter and to determine the risk factors affecting this situation in babies with neurodevelopmental retardation. Materials and Methods: In this study, between February 2009 and February 2011, the files of 107 patients (53 girls, 54 boys) which were born before 37 weeks of gestation and continued their outpatient clinic controls in Dr. Behcet Uz Pediatrics Health and Surgery Training and Research Hospital were retrospectively scanned. Neurological examination, cranial MR (magnetic resonance imaging) and Bayley test results of the cases were evaluated. Results: In cases with pathological neurological examination; convulsions (p=0.02), hyperbilirubinemia (p=0.02) and cranial MR pathology (p=0.05) were more common, the increase in head circumference and weight gain in the 4th week were less. With cranial MR pathology; week of gestation (p=0.05), 5th minute APGAR score (p=0.00), gestational diabetes (p=0.01), PDA (patent ductus arteriosus) closure treatment (p=0.02), sepsis (p=0.01), convulsion (p=0.03), anemia (p=0.01), and grade 3 and higher intracranial bleeding (p=0.00) were found to be significantly correlated. When the Bayley test is evaluated; it was determined that those who underwent mechanical ventilation, those who were administered surfactant, those who had convulsions, those with pathological neurological examination, those with EEG (electroencephalography) pathology, and those who remained in the intensive care unit had lower scores (p<0.05). In addition, with the increase in head circumference in the 2nd month, the 6th month psychomotor development index (PDI) score increased in the patients, and the 12th month PDI also increased with the increase in the APGAR score (r>0.5 and p<0.05). Conclusions: In the neurodevelopmental follow-up of premature babies, the presence of gestational diabetes, low weight gain and a reduce in head circumference growth, sepsis, anemia, and a low 5th minute APGAR score were found to be important risk factors, it is important to protect babies from these risk factors for improved neurological development.
A study of serum Apo A-1 and Apo B-100 levels in women with preeclampsia; Objective: To investigate Apo A-1 and Apo B-100 levels and Apo B-100/Apo A-1 ratios in preeclamptic (PE) patients. Materials and methods: Forty-eight PE and 48 without PE patients (healthy pregnancies) matched for gestational age were included. Maternal age, parity, gestational age at delivery, obstetrical complications including intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), serum Apo A-1 and Apo B-100 levels, and the Apo B-100/Apo A-1 ratio were compared. Results: Preeclamptic patients had significantly lower Apo A-1 levels (167.07 mg/dl +/- 14.61 mg/dl vs. 244.37 mg/dl +/- 20.84 mg/dl, p < 0.001), higher Apo B-100/Apo A-1 ratio (0.63 +/- 0.07 vs. 0.42 +/- 0.05, p < 0.001), but similar Apo B-100 levels (104.84 mg/dl +/- 7.05 mg/dl vs. 102.39 mg/dl +/- 8.08 mg/dl, p = 0.118). Mean Apo A-1 and Apo B-100 levels and the Apo B-100/Apo A-1 ratio were similar in patients with severe PE, HELLP syndrome, IUGR, and patients requiring antihypertensive therapy compared to PE patients who did not have these complications (p > 0.05). Apo A-1 levels had the best accuracy followed by the Apo B-100/Apo A-1 ratio in patients with PE. Conclusion: Apo A-1 and the Apo B-100/Apo A-1 ratio may be useful markers in patients with PE. Further studies are required to elucidate this issue. (C) 2016 International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of diet composition on insulin sensitivity in humans; Diet composition has a marked impact on the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Prospective studies show that dietary patterns with elevated amount of animal products and low quantity of vegetable food items raise the risk of these diseases. In healthy subjects, animal protein intake intensifies insulin resistance whereas plant-based foods enhance insulin sensitivity. Similar effects have been documented in patients with diabetes. Accordingly, pre-pregnancy intake of meat (processed and unprocessed) has been strongly associated with a higher risk of gestational diabetes whereas greater pre-pregnancy vegetable protein consumption is associated with a lower risk of gestational diabetes. Population groups that modify their traditional dietary habit increasing the amount of animal products while reducing plant-based foods experience a remarkable rise in the frequency of type 2 diabetes. The association of animal protein intake with insulin resistance is independent of body mass index. In obese individuals that consume high animal protein diets, insulin sensitivity does not improve following weight loss. Diets aimed to lose weight that encourage restriction of carbohydrates and elevated consumption of animal protein intensify insulin resistance increasing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The effect of dietary components on insulin sensitivity may contribute to explain the striking impact of eating habits on the risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance predisposes to type 2 diabetes in healthy subjects and deteriorates metabolic control in patients with diabetes. In nondiabetic and diabetic individuals, insulin resistance is a major cardiovascular risk factor. (C) 2019 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in women with prior hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims/hypothesis The association between a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and subsequent type 2 diabetes (referred to throughout as diabetes) remains inconclusive. We reviewed the most recent evidence to quantify the association of previous HDP with incident diabetes. Methods A systematic search of MEDLINE, Embase and CINAHL was performed up to 17 February 2020 to identify observational studies of the association between HDP (pre-eclampsia or gestational hypertension) and incident diabetes. Studies of women with pre-pregnancy diabetes were excluded. Two independent reviewers screened citations and abstracted results. Study quality was assessed in duplicate using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Random-effects models were used to pool effect estimates. Heterogeneity was assessed using the I-2 statistic. Results After screening 4617 citations, 16 cohort studies with a total of 3,095,457 participants were included (unspecified HDP n = 5, pre-eclampsia only n = 4, gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia n = 7). Risks of subsequent diabetes were significantly higher in women with a history of any HDP (HDP: adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 2.24, 95% CI 1.95, 2.58; gestational hypertension: aHR 2.19 [95% CI 1.69, 2.84]; pre-eclampsia: aHR 2.56 [95% CI 2.02, 3.24]; preterm pre-eclampsia: aHR 3.05 [95% CI 2.05, 4.56]). The association between HDP and diabetes persisted in studies that adjusted for gestational diabetes mellitus (aHR 2.01 [95% CI 1.77, 2.28]). Conclusions/interpretation HDP are independently associated with a higher risk of diabetes. Further study is needed to determine how HDP contribute to diabetes risk prediction to develop evidence-based screening and prevention strategies.
Metabolic complications of obesity; Obesity is a risk factor for several metabolic complications, with insulin resistance being the common denominator in these conditions. Impaired blood glucose regulation is one of the most important of these complications, and includes type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), prediabetes, and gestational diabetes. Metabolic syndrome describes a constellation of features including insulin resistance, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and abdominal obesity. Polycystic ovary syndrome is a condition characterized by ovulatory dysfunction and clinical evidence of hyperandrogenism. As many of these complications can go unnoticed for years without overt clinical complications, awareness of both patients and health care professionals is essential such that appropriate screening and diagnostic strategies can be undertaken. Aggressive management strategies of diabetic and prediabetic states are essential for prevention of complications over time. Strategies for identification of vascular risk factors must be implemented such that appropriate risk reduction strategies can be undertaken to minimize the risk of development of cardiovascular complications. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Phytotherapy for diabetes: An overview of Indian traditional plants with saponins as a phytoconstituent; The present article consists of the basic knowledge about diabetes with its classification as Type 1, Type 2, gestational diabetes as well as other types of diabetes mellitus (DM). Diabetes mellitus is a long-term metabolic disor-der defined by increased blood glucose levels. Insulin secretion and action are defective in diabetic patients. Diabetes leads to irreversible damage and failure of many organs because of chronic hyperglycemia. They have a com-plex etiology that arises when the equilibrium of offensive and protective components is altered. The limited effectiveness and severe adverse effects of the currently available medications make treatment extremely difficult. In experimental models of anti-diabetic preparations, natural items such as herbal plants and their extracted components have been frequently used. Saponins, a glycosidic molecule, is proven to have therapeutic potential and they are used as an alternative treatment for insulin in diabetic patients. Saponin-induced dyslipidemia will aid diabetic people in lowering their risk of cardiovascular disease and atherosclerosis. This review aims to explain the antidiabetic function of saponins as well as its potential in the manage-ment of diabetes
Relation of Periodontitis and Metabolic Syndrome With Gestational Glucose Metabolism Disorder; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and metabolic syndrome have been related to periodontitis. This study's objective is to establish the relationship between them in pregnant women affected by gestational glucose metabolism disorder. Methods: In 188 pregnant women with positive O'Sullivan test (POT) results, an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed to diagnose GDM. The mother's periodontal parameters, age, prepregnancy weight and height and body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, gestational age, and birth weight were recorded at 24 to 28 weeks of pregnancy, as well as levels of glucose, C-reactive protein, triglycerides, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), and total, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein (HDL), and very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol levels. Results: Prepregnancy weight, prepregnancy BMI, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, VLDL cholesterol, and glucose parameters were higher in GDM compared with POT (P < 0.05). VLDL cholesterol, triglycerides, and 2-hour OGTT were higher in patients with periodontitis than in patients without periodontitis (P < 0.05). HbA1c, triglycerides, and 1-and 2-hour OGTT were positively related with probing depth and clinical attachment level; blood glucose was related only to bleeding on probing (P < 0.05). HbA1c, basal OGTT, and 1- and 2-hour OGTT were positively related to prepregnancy BMI and blood pressure; HDL cholesterol was negatively related to prepregnancy BMI; C-reactive protein was positively related to prepregnancy BMI and diastolic blood pressure (P < 0.05). Conclusion: These data support the relationships among periodontal disease and some biochemical parameters such as lipid and glucose data in pregnancy, and also among metabolic syndrome and biochemical parameters.
Metabolic programming in early life in humans; An association of low birth weight with an increased risk of adult cardiovascular disease and diabetes led to the developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) hypothesis, which proposes that undernutrition during early development permanently 'programmes' organ structure and metabolism, leading to vulnerability to later cardio-metabolic disease. High birth weight caused by maternal gestational diabetes is also associated with later diabetes, suggesting that fetal over-nutrition also has programming effects. Post-natal factors (excess weight gain/obesity, smoking, poor diets and physical inactivity) interact with fetal exposures to increase disease risk. Animal studies have shown permanent metabolic effects in offspring after alterations to maternal or early post-natal diets but evidence in humans is largely limited to observational and quasi-experimental situations such as maternal famine exposure. Randomized trials of maternal nutritional interventions during pregnancy have so far had limited follow-up of the offspring. Moreover, interventions usually started after the first trimester and therefore missed key peri-conceptional or early pregnancy events such as epigenetic changes, placentation and fetal organogenesis. Recent and ongoing trials intervening pre-conceptionally and powered for long-term offspring follow-up will address these issues. While current preventive strategies for cardio-metabolic disease focus on high-risk individuals in mid-life, DOHaD concepts offer a 'primordial' preventive strategy to reduce disease in future generations by improving fetal and infant development. This article is part of the theme issue 'Developing differences: early-life effects and evolutionary medicine'.
Risk Factors for Failure in First-Time Hearing Screening Tests among High-Risk Neonates in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit; Objective: The aim of the study was to investigate into the risk factors for failure in the first-time screening test among high-risk neonates in neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) in order to further clarify the etiology of neonatal hearing impairment, thus providing insights into early prevention and intervention. Methods: We performed automated auditory brainstem response (AABR), distortion product otoacoustic emission (DPOAE), and acoustic immittance (AI) on 2,194 high-risk neonates admitted into the NICU of Shanghai Children's Medical Center from January 2015 to December 2019, and the risk factors, including premature birth, hyperbilirubinemia, and infant respiratory distress syndrome, were analyzed retrospectively by the univariate chi(2) test and multivariate stepwise logistic regression analysis. Results: The pass rates of AABR, DPOAE, and AI were 70.21, 78.44, and 93.12%, respectively, in 2,194 cases of high-risk neonates screened, which are significantly lower than those of healthy controls. The most common diagnoses included artificial feeding, preterm birth, C-section, low birth weight (LBW), neonatal hyperbilirubinemia (NHB), neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (NRDS), congenital heart disease (CHD), gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-induced hypertension syndrome, advanced maternal age (AMA), twins, and in vitro fertilization. Stepwise logistic regression analysis indicated that the AABR pass rate was negatively correlated with LBW (p = 0.002), NHB (p < 0.001), NRDS (p = 0.007), artificial or mixed feeding (p = 0.018), and CHD (p = 0.005). The pass rate of DPOAE was negatively correlated with artificial or mixed feeding (p = 0.041), NHB (p < 0.001), LBW (p = 0.007), very LBW (VLBW) (p = 0.008), and C-section (p < 0.001). The pass rate of AI was negatively correlated with revised AMA (>= 40 year) (p < 0.001), NHB (p = 0.043), C-section (p = 0.005), and artificial/mixed feeding (p = 0.036). Conclusion: The hearing screening pass rates of high-risk neonates in the NICU were lower than those of normal neonates, among which the rate of AABR was significantly lower than that of DPOAE. NRDS, NHB, LBW, revised AMA, CHD, C-section, and artificial feeding are potential risk factors of hearing impairment. The combination of different hearing screening tests is necessary for accurate diagnosis of congenital hearing disorders.
Contributions of the Nurses' Health Studies to Reproductive Health Research; Objectives. To review the Nurses' Health Study's (NHS's) contribution to identifying risk factors and long-term health consequences of reproductive events. Methods. We performed a narrative review of the NHS I, NHS II, NHS3, and Growing Up Today Study (GUTS) publications between 1976 and 2016. Results. Collection of detailed reproductive history to identify breast cancer risk factors allowed the NHS to document an association between menstrual irregularities, a proxy for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), and increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The NHS II found that infertility associated with ovulation problems and gestational diabetes are largely preventable through diet and lifestyle modification. It also identified developmental and nutritional risk factors for pregnancy loss, endometriosis, and uterine leiomyomata. As women in NHS II age, it has become possible to address questions regarding long-term health consequences of pregnancy complications and benign gynecologic conditions on chronic disease risk. Furthermore, the NHS3 and GUTS are allowing new lines of research into human fertility, PCOS, and transgenerational effects of environmental exposures. Conclusions. The multigenerational resources of the NHSs and GUTS, including linkages of related individuals across cohorts, can improve women's health from preconception through late adulthood and onto the next generation.
Impact of Early Life Factors on Metabolic Phenotypes of Obesity in Preschool Children; OBJECTIVETo investigate the impact of factors in the first 1,000 days of life on metabolic phenotypes of obesity in preschool children in a cohort study. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSWe recruited 3-year-old children for the study. Early life factors included maternal age at delivery, maternal education, prepregnancy BMI, gestational weight gain, gravidity, history of gestational diabetes mellitus, delivery mode, gestational age, family history of metabolic disorders, paternal education, annual family income, child sex, birth weight, and breastfeeding duration. According to BMI and metabolic status, children were classified as metabolically healthy (no metabolic risk factors) with normal weight (MHNW), metabolically unhealthy (one or more metabolic risk factors) with normal weight (MUNW), metabolically healthy with overweight or obesity (MHO), and metabolically unhealthy with overweight or obesity (MUO). RESULTSWe recruited 3,822 children for the study, with 3,015 analyzed. Accelerated BMI z score growth rate between 6 and 24 months was associated with MHO (& beta; = 0.022; 95% CI 0.009, 0.036) and MUO (& beta; = 0.037; 95% CI 0.018, 0.056). Maternal overweight (odds ratio [OR] 3.16; 95% CI 1.55, 6.42) and obesity (OR 8.14; 95% CI 3.73, 17.76) before pregnancy and macrosomia (OR 2.47; 95% CI 1.32, 4.59) were associated with MHO, and maternal obesity before pregnancy (OR 6.35; 95% CI 2.17, 18.52) increased the risk of MUO. CONCLUSIONSEarly life factors, such as maternal obesity and accelerated BMI growth rate between 6 and 24 months, were related not only to MHO but also to MUO. Children with these early life factors should be given interventions for weight control to prevent metabolic abnormalities.
Maternal cardiovascular risk after hypertensive disorder of pregnancy; Background and objective Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs) affect 5%-10% of pregnancies and have been associated with excess maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. The primary aim of this study was to reliably estimate absolute and relative risks of CVD after HDP. Methods A retrospective cohort of women who had singleton pregnancies in New South Wales, Australia, between 2002 and 2016 and identified using linked population health administrative databases. The primary exposure was new-onset HDP (pre-eclampsia/eclampsia and gestational hypertension), and the endpoint was hospitalisation or death due to ischaemic or hypertensive heart disease, or stroke. Kaplan-Meier analysis estimated risks among mothers following their first birth, and multivariable time-dependent Cox regression estimated the association between HDP and CVD. Results Among 528 106 women, 10.3% experienced HDP in their first pregnancy. The 10-year estimated risk of CVD was 2.1 per 1000 if no HDP and 5.5 per 1000 following HDP. Adjusting for demographics, gestational diabetes, small for gestational age and preterm birth, we found that there was an interaction between smoking and HDP, and a larger effect of early-onset (<34 weeks) HDP, compared with late-onset HDP. The HR for women with early-onset HDP who did not smoke was 4.90 (95% CI 3.00 to 7.80) and the HR for those who did smoke was 23.5 (95% CI 13.5 to 40.5), each compared with women without HDP who did not smoke. Conclusion In this nationally representative Australian cohort, HDP, especially early onset, conferred a clear increase in the risk of CVD, with amplification by smoking. Targeted preventive health, during and after pregnancy, could prevent a substantial burden of CVD among childbearing women.
Fetal Sex and the Natural History of Maternal Risk of Diabetes During and After Pregnancy; Context: It has recentlyemergedthat carrying a male fetus is associated with poorer maternal beta-cell function in pregnancy and an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). beta-cell dysfunction is the central pathophysiologic defect underlying bothGDMand subsequent postpartum progression to type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Objective: This was a retrospective cohort study that aimed to determine whether fetal sex influences the natural history of maternal risk of diabetes after delivery and in a subsequent pregnancy. Setting: The study was conducted using population-based administrative databases in Ontario, Canada. Patients: Allwomenwith a singleton live-birth first pregnancy between April 2000 and March 2010 (n = 642 987) were included. Exposure: Fetal sex was the exposure of interest (313 280 delivered a girl; 329 707 delivered a boy). Main Outcome Measure: Development of T2DM or a second pregnancy were the main outcome measures. Glucose tolerance in each pregnancy was classified as either GDM or non-GDM. Results: The population was followed for a median of 3.8 years. Carrying a boy yielded a higher risk of GDM in both the first pregnancy (odds ratio [OR] = 1.03; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.0002-1.054) and second pregnancy (OR = 1.04, 95% CI, 1.01-1.08). For women with GDM in the first pregnancy, the likelihood of developing T2DM before a second pregnancy was higher if they delivered a girl (OR = 1.07; 95% CI, 1.01-1.12). Recurrence of GDM was not affected by fetal sex (P = .7). However, among women with a non-GDM first pregnancy while carrying a girl, having a boy in their second pregnancy predicted an increased risk of GDM (OR = 1.07, 95% CI, 1.01-1.14). Conclusions: Fetal sex is a previously unrecognized factor that is associated with maternal diabetic risk both after delivery and in a subsequent pregnancy.
When should cardiovascular prevention begin? The importance of antenatal, perinatal and primordial prevention; Cardiovascular diseases represent a major health problem, being one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Therefore, in this scenario, cardiovascular prevention plays an essential role although it is difficult to establish when promoting and implementing preventive strategies. However, there is growing evidence that prevention should start even before birth, during pregnancy, aiming to avoid the onset of cardiovascular risk factors, since events that occur early in life have a great impact on the cardiovascular risk profile of an adult. The two pillars of this early preventive strategy are nutrition and physical exercise, together with prevention of cardio-metabolic diseases during pregnancy. This review attempts to gather the growing evidence of the benefits of antenatal, perinatal and primordial prevention, discussing also the possibility to reverse or to mitigate the cardiovascular profile developed in the initial stages of life. This could pave the way for future research, investigating the optimal time and duration of these preventing measures, their duration and maintenance in adulthood, and the most effective interventions according to the different age and guiding in the next years, the best clinical practice and the political strategies to cope with cardiovascular disease.
Prepregnancy obesity: a risk factor for future development of ovarian and breast cancer; The aim of this study was to investigate the association between a history of prepregnancy obesity and a woman's future long-term risk for the development of female malignancies. A population-based study compared the incidence of long-term female malignancies in a cohort of consecutive women with and without a diagnosis of prepregnancy obesity. Deliveries occurred between the years 1988 and 2013, with a mean follow-up duration of 11.6 years. Women with known malignancies before the index pregnancy and known genetic predisposition for malignancy were excluded from the study. Female malignancies were divided according to specific type (ovary, uterine, breast, and uterine cervix). A Kaplan-Meier survival curve was used to estimate the cumulative incidence of malignancies. A Cox proportional hazards model was used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios for female malignancy. During the study period, 106 251 deliveries fulfilled the inclusion criteria; 2.2% (n= 2360) occurred in patients with a history of prepregnancy obesity. During the follow-up period, patients with prepregnancy obesity had a significantly increased risk for hospitalization because of female malignancies as a group and specifically ovarian and breast cancer. Using a Kaplan-Meier survival curve, patients with a previous diagnosis of prepregnancy obesity had a significantly higher cumulative incidence of female malignancies. Using a Cox proportional hazards model, adjusted for confounders such as gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal age, prepregnancy obesity remained independently associated with long-term risk for female malignancies (adjusted hazard ratio: 1.4; 95% confidence interval: 1.1-1.9; P= 0.045). Prepregnancy obesity is an independent risk factor for long-term female malignancies such as ovarian and breast cancer. Copyright (C) 2017 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
The Association Between Acculturation and Diet and Physical Activity Among Pregnant Hispanic Women with Abnormal Glucose Tolerance; Background: Hispanic women are disproportionately affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), yet few studies have assessed the impact of acculturation on health behaviors that may reduce GDM risk.Materials and Methods: We assessed relationships between acculturation and meeting American Diabetes Association guidelines for macronutrient intake and American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists guidelines for physical activity (PA) using baseline data from Estudio Project Aiming to Reduce Type twO diabetes, a randomized trial conducted in Massachusetts (2013-2017) among 255 Hispanic pregnant women with hyperglycemia. Acculturation was assessed via the Psychological Acculturation Scale, duration of time and generation in the continental United States, and language preference; diet with 24-hours dietary recalls; and PA with the Pregnancy Physical Activity Questionnaire (PPAQ).Results: The majority of participants who reported low psychological acculturation (74.9%), preferred English (78.4%), were continental U.S. born (58.0%), and lived in the continental United States >= 5 years (91.4%). A total of 44.8%, 81.8%, 22.9%, and 4.6% of women met guidelines for carbohydrate, protein, fat, and fiber intakes, respectively; 31.9% met guidelines for PA. Women with higher acculturation were less likely to meet carbohydrate guidelines (English preference: adjusted risk ratios [aRR] 0.45, 95% confidence intervals [CI] 0.23-0.75; U.S. born: aRR 0.60, 95% CI 0.36-0.91; duration of time in United States: aRR 0.96, 95% CI 0.92-0.99). Women with higher acculturation were more likely to meet PA guidelines (U.S. born: aRR 1.95, 95% CI 1.11-3.44).Conclusions: In summary, higher acculturation was associated with lower likelihood of meeting dietary guidelines but greater likelihood of meeting PA guidelines during pregnancy. Interventions aimed at reducing GDM in Hispanics should be culturally informed and incorporate acculturation. Clinical Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov NCT01679210.
Infants with macrosomia and infants of diabetic mothers have increased carotid artery intima-media thickness in childhood; Incidence of diabetes during pregnancy is increasing worldwide, and intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure may have long-term adverse effects on the cardiovascular health of children. We investigated prospectively the risk of atherosclerosis and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) in infants born macrosomic and in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) at the age of 8-9 years in 2021. A total of 49 infants of diabetic mothers (IDM group) and 13 macrosomic infants (macrosomic group) were included in the study. They were compared with 26 age-matched healthy children with birth weight appropriate for gestational age born to non-diabetic mothers (control group). Anthropometric measurements, atherosclerosis risk factors, and CIMT measurements were performed. There was no significant difference between the groups in terms of age, gender, actual anthropometric measurements, blood pressure measurements, laboratory parameters, or atherosclerosis risk factors. Gestational age was lower in the IDM group (p<0.001), while birth weight was higher in the macrosomic group (p<0.001). High-density lipoprotein cholesterol level was lower in the IDM group than the other groups. Duration of exclusive and total breastfeeding was lower in IDM group than in the control group (p<0.001 for both). Body mass index, skinfold thickness, waist-to-hip ratio, and waist-to-height ratio were higher in those breastfed for less than 6 months in the IDM group. The CIMT values were statistically higher in IDM [0.43 +/- 0.047 (0.34-0.60)] and macrosomic [0.40 +/- 0.055 (0.33-0.50)] groups than control group [0.34 +/- 0.047 (0.26-0.45)]. Conclusion: CIMT values were higher in IDM and macrosomic groups at 8-9 years old age compared to children born with normal birth weight. This indicates intrauterine exposure in both groups. And also, breastfeeding seems very important for IDMs.
Liver X Receptor Activation Attenuates Oxysterol-Induced Inflammatory Responses in Fetoplacental Endothelial Cells; Oxysterols are oxidized cholesterol derivatives whose systemic levels are found elevated in pregnancy disorders such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Oxysterols act through various cellular receptors and serve as a key metabolic signal, coordinating inflammation. GDM is a condition of low-grade chronic inflammation accompanied by altered inflammatory profiles in the mother, placenta and fetus. Higher levels of two oxysterols, namely 7-ketocholesterol (7-ketoC) and 7 beta-hydroxycholesterol (7 beta-OHC), were observed in fetoplacental endothelial cells (fpEC) and cord blood of GDM offspring. In this study, we tested the effects of 7-ketoC and 7 beta-OHC on inflammation and investigated the underlying mechanisms involved. Primary fpEC in culture treated with 7-ketoC or 7 beta-OHC, induced the activation of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and nuclear factor kappa B (NF kappa B) signaling, which resulted in the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines (IL-6, IL-8) and intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1). Liver-X receptor (LXR) activation is known to repress inflammation. Treatment with LXR synthetic agonist T0901317 dampened oxysterol-induced inflammatory responses. Probucol, an inhibitor of LXR target gene ATP-binding cassette transporter A-1 (ABCA-1), antagonized the protective effects of T0901317, suggesting a potential involvement of ABCA-1 in LXR-mediated repression of inflammatory signaling in fpEC. TLR-4 inhibitor Tak-242 attenuated pro-inflammatory signaling induced by oxysterols downstream of the TLR-4 inflammatory signaling cascade. Taken together, our findings suggest that 7-ketoC and 7 beta-OHC contribute to placental inflammation through the activation of TLR-4. Pharmacologic activation of LXR in fpEC decelerates its shift to a pro-inflammatory phenotype in the presence of oxysterols.
Comparison of maternal abdominal subcutaneous fat thickness and body mass index as markers for pregnancy outcomes: A stratified cohort study; Background Obesity in pregnancy is associated with a number of adverse outcomes. The effects of central versus general obesity in pregnancy have not been well established. Aim To compare subcutaneous fat thickness (SFT) with body mass index (BMI) as a marker for pregnancy outcomes. Methods A stratified retrospective cohort study was performed on 1200 pregnancies, selected from a total of 4862 nulliparous, nonsmoking women between 2006 and 2010. SFT was measured on routine ultrasound at 1822weeks gestation. BMI and SFT measurements were compared for estimating risks for obesity-related pregnancy outcomes using logistic regression adjusted for maternal age. Results The median SFT was 18.2mm (range 6.350.9mm), the median BMI was 23.8kg/m2 (range 15.252.5), and the correlation between SFT and BMI was 0.53. For every 5mm increase in SFT and every 5kg/m2 increase in BMI, the odds ratios for developing gestational diabetes mellitus were 1.40 (CI 1.221.61, P<0.001) and 1.16 (CI 0.951.40, P=0.1), for caesarean section 1.28 (CI 1.161.40, P<0.001) and 1.16 (CI 1.051.28, P=0.003), large for gestational age 1.28 (CI 1.161.47, P=0.001) and 1.10 (CI 0.951.28, P=0.16) and cumulative adverse obesity-related pregnancy outcomes 1.16 (CI 1.101.28, P=0.002) and 1.05 (CI 0.951.16, P=0.45), respectively. Conclusion SFT at 1822weeks gestation is better than BMI as a marker for obesity-related pregnancy outcomes. As SFT is considered a surrogate measure for visceral fat, these results suggest that central obesity is a stronger risk factor than general adiposity in pregnancy.
Pregnancy outcomes among women with asthma; Purpose: The purpose of this study is to examine the association between maternal asthma and pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes. Materials and methods:We carried out a retrospective cohort study using the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS) database from 2003 to 2011. Among women who delivered during this time period, we compared pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes in asthmatics versus non-asthmatics. Multivariate logistic regression was used to estimate adjusted odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals. Results: In a cohort of 7,772,999 pregnant women, 223,236 (2.9%) had asthma. The prevalence of asthma-complicated pregnancies rose over the study period from 1.9% in 2003 to 3.7% in 2011 (p < .001). Pregnant asthmatics had more pre-existing health conditions, such as diabetes, chronic hypertension, obesity, and thyroid disease, and were more likely to smoke. Even after adjustment for these comorbidities, and other covariates, within statistical models, asthma was found to be associated with greater risk of several pregnancy complications: gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, placenta previa, preterm premature rupture of membranes, placental abruption, chorioamnionitis, preterm delivery, postpartum hemorrhage, venous thromboembolism, caesarean section delivery, and maternal mortality. Neonates born to asthmatics had greater risk of being small for gestational age and for having congenital anomalies, and lower risk of intrauterine fetal death. Conclusions: Asthma is associated with an increase in adverse pregnancy, labor, and neonatal outcomes. Close surveillance of asthmatic patients during the prenatal period is warranted and care in a tertiary hospital is advised.
Polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects 5-20% of women of reproductive age worldwide. The condition is characterized by hyperandrogenism, ovulatory dysfunction and polycystic ovarian morphology (PCOM)-with excessive androgen production by the ovaries being a key feature of PCOS. Metabolic dysfunction characterized by insulin resistance and compensatory hyperinsulinaemia is evident in the vast majority of affected individuals. PCOS increases the risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes and other pregnancy-related complications, venous thromboembolism, cerebrovascular and cardiovascular events and endometrial cancer. PCOS is a diagnosis of exclusion, based primarily on the presence of hyperandrogenism, ovulatory dysfunction and PCOM. Treatment should be tailored to the complaints and needs of the patient and involves targeting metabolic abnormalities through lifestyle changes, medication and potentially surgery for the prevention and management of excess weight, androgen suppression and/or blockade, endometrial protection, reproductive therapy and the detection and treatment of psychological features. This Primer summarizes the current state of knowledge regarding the epidemiology, mechanisms and pathophysiology, diagnosis, screening and prevention, management and future investigational directions of the disorder.
High prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors and insulin resistance 6 years after hyperglycemia first detected in pregnancy in Cape Town, South Africa; Objective To investigate the prevalence and associated cardiovascular risk factors 6 years after hyperglycemia first detected in pregnancy (HFDP) in Cape Town, South Africa. Research design and methods Data were collected during the index pregnancy from all women diagnosed with HFDP at a major referral hospital in Cape Town. Participants were evaluated 6 years later using a cross-sectional study. At follow-up participants had a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test, fasting lipogram, blood pressure and anthropometric measurements, and a fieldworker administered the questionnaire. We used the Adult Treatment Panel III criteria for the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome and individual risk factors. Insulin resistance was assessed using the homeostatic model of insulin resistance. Results At follow-up 220 women were reviewed. Their mean age at follow-up was 37.2 (SD 6.0) years. The prevalence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors was 60.9% (95% CI 54.3 to 67.2) for metabolic syndrome, 75% (95% CI 65.9 to 82.3) for insulin resistance, 62.3% (95% CI 55.6 to 68.5) for dysglycemia, 41.4% (95% CI 35.0 to 48.0) for raised blood pressure, and 74.6% (95% CI 683 to 79.9) for dyslipidemia. Women with diabetes in pregnancy compared with those with gestational diabetes during the index pregnancy had a higher prevalence of metabolic syndrome (74.3% vs 54.7%, p=0.010) and dysglycemia (88.6% vs 50.0%, p<0.001) at follow-up. Lower school education attainment, having a subsequent pregnancy, waist circumference at follow-up, and fasting blood glucose at HFDP diagnosis were associated with metabolic syndrome. Conclusion We found a high prevalence of CVD risk factors in South African women within 6 years of HFDP, which highlights the need to develop and evaluate interventions optimizing the cardiometabolic health of this vulnerable group. The main limitations of our research are the lack of a comparative group of women without HFDP and that we did not assess for CVD risk factors before HFDP.
Amendment of amino acid in Q192R genetic polymorphism of paraoxonase 1 is a conventional risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Saudi population; Background: The paraoxonase 1 (PON1) gene polymorphism Q192R has been found to be consistent with multiple metabolic diseases comprising type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The R allele has been found to be associated with coronary artery disease and gestational diabetes in a Saudi population. Therefore, we attempted to determine the association between Q192R and T2DM in a Saudi population. Materials and methods: Eight hundred subjects were enrolled in this case-control study, including T2DM patients (n = 400) and control individuals (n = 400). Epidemiological, clinical, and Q192R genotype data were obtained from all the subjects included in this study. Genotyping was performed by PCR-RFLP analysis followed by 2.5% agarose gel electrophoresis. Results: The clinical characteristics and metabolic variables were significantly higher in T2DM compared with controls, and also with allele and genotype frequencies [R vs. Q: odds ratio (OR), 1.659; 95% confidence interval (95% CI), 1.344-2.048; P = 0.0002; RR vs. QQ; OR, 2.1; 95% CI, 1.3-3.2; P = 0.001; QR+RR vs. QQ; OR, 2.101; 95% CI, 1.583-2.788; P = 0.0002)]. Multiple regression analysis showed positive correlation of lipid profile with genotype (P < 0.05). Conclusion: The present findings provide robust evidence of PON1 Q192R polymorphism being associated with T2DM in a Saudi population.
How Well Do U.S. Primary Care and Obstetrics and Gynecology Clinicians Screen for Pregnancy Complications at Well Woman Visits? A Retrospective Cohort Study; Objectives: Pregnancy complications, including pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes (GDM), and perinatal mood and anxiety disor ders (PMADs), impact long-term health. We compared the frequency of screening documentation for pregnancy complications versus a general medical history at well woman visits between providers in primary care and obstetrics and gynecology. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of subjects with at least 1 prior birth who presented for a well woman visit in 2019-2020. Charts were reviewed for documentation of a general medical history (hypertension, diabetes, and mood disorders) versus screening for comparable obstetric complications (pre-eclampsia, GDM, and PMADs). The results were compared using the McNemar and chi-square tests as appropriate. Results: In total, 472 encounters were identified, and 137 met the inclusion criteria. Across specialties, clinicians were significantly more likely to document general medical conditions than pregnancy complications, including hypertensive disorders (odds ratio [OR], 2.45; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.18 to 5.48), diabetes (OR, 7.67; 95% CI, 3.27 to 22.0), and mood disorders (OR, 10.5; 95% CI, 3.81 to 40.3). Obstetrics and gynecology providers were more likely to document any pregnancy history (OR, 4.50; 95% CI, 1.24 to 16.27); however, they were not significantly more likely to screen for relevant obstetric complications (OR, 2.49; 95% CI, 0.90 to 6.89). Overall, the rate of pregnancy complication documentation was low in primary care and obstetrics and gynecology clinics (8.8 and 19.0%, respectively). Conclusions: Obstetrics and gynecology providers more frequently documented a pregnancy history than those in primary care; however, the rate was low across specialties, and providers reported screening for clinically relevant complications less frequently than for general medical conditions.
Disparities in Cardiovascular Care and Outcomes for Women From Racial/Ethnic Minority Backgrounds; Purpose of review Racial, ethnic, and gender disparities in cardiovascular care are well-documented. This review aims to highlight the disparities and impact on a group particularly vulnerable to disparities, women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds. Recent findings Women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds remain underrepresented in major cardiovascular trials, limiting the generalizability of cardiovascular research to this population. Certain cardiovascular risk factors are more prevalent in women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds, including traditional risk factors such as hypertension, obesity, and diabetes. Female-specific risk factors including gestational diabetes and preeclampsia as well as non-traditional psychosocial risk factors like depressive and anxiety disorders, increased child care, and familial and home care responsibility have been shown to increase risk for cardiovascular disease events in women more so than in men, and disproportionately affect women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds. Despite this, minimal interventions to address differential risk have been proposed. Furthermore, disparities in treatment and outcomes that disadvantage minority women persist. The limited improvement in outcomes over time, especially among non-Hispanic Black women, is an area that requires further research and active interventions. Understanding the lack of representation in cardiovascular trials, differential cardiovascular risk, and disparities in treatment and outcomes among women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds highlights opportunities for improving cardiovascular care among this particularly vulnerable population.
Non-Invasive Myocardial Work Indices in Infants Born to Mothers With Diabetes in Pregnancy; Background: This study used echocardiography to investigate non-invasive myocardial work (MCW) indices in infants born to mothers with diabetes mellitus (DM) in pregnancy (gestational DM: GDM), including those diagnosed under novel classification cri-teria and those with pre-existing DM. Methods and Results: This single-centered, retrospective study included 25 infants born to mothers with GDM (termed "infant with GDM"), which was diagnosed by oral glucose tolerance test results during pregnancy or the presence of diabetes before the current pregnancy. We evaluated the relationship between the infant's MCW, such as global constructive work (GCW), global work index (GWI), global work efficiency (GWE), and global wasted work (GWW), and the mother's GDM maximal HbA1c during pregnancy. HbA1c level in GDM significantly negatively correlated with GWI* (r=-0.565) and GCW* (r=-0.641). In infants with GDM, GWI and GCW were significantly higher with <6.5% HbA1c than in those with >6.5% HbA1c GDM; however, the specific-layer global longitu-dinal strain analyses did not show any significant differences between the groups. The pressure-strain loop in infants with >6.5% HbA1c in GDM tended to be smaller than in those infants with <6.5% HbA1c GDM. Conclusions: The hyperglycemic environment of GDM leads to impaired MCW in the infants. MCW is useful for screening for car-diac illnesses among infants with GDM. Appropriate maternal blood glucose management while maintaining HbA1c <6.5% might be beneficial for the cardiac performance of infants with GDM.
Are TallyHo Mice A True Mouse Model for Type 2 Diabetes and Alzheimer's Disease?; The purpose of our article is to critically assess if TallyHo mice are a true mouse model for type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer's disease. Diabetes is a lifestyle condition that is characterized by elevated blood glucose due to either insufficient amount of insulin or the body's inability to use the produced insulin efficiently. Diabetes occurs in multiple forms, including type 1, type 2, type 3, neonatal, and gestational. Type 2 diabetes covers 95% of overall diabetes, found in individuals 65 years of age and above. Both modifiable and non-modifiable factors are involved in developing diabetes. In patients with diabetes, increased blood glucose levels are reported to induce multiple complications, such as heart disease, stroke, kidney failure, foot ulcers, and damage to the eyes. However, the molecular basis of diabetes is not completely understood. Further, there are no accurate animal model(s) that mimic both type 1 and type 2 diabetes of humans. Multiple polygenic models are being used, including the Goto-Kakizaki rat, the Otzhka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty rat, the Nagoya Shibata Yasuda mouse, the New Zealand obese mouse, the Tsumura-Suzuki obese diabetes mouse, leptin deficient ob/ob and the leptin receptor deficient db/db mouse models. In 2001, Kim and colleagues described the TallyHo mice that represent many features of type 2 diabetes of humans. Since then, several groups studied TallyHo mice. Only the male mice develop hyperglycemia and the females exhibit features of obesity. Thus, this model can be used to study both diabetes and obesity. The purpose of this article is to discuss recent developments in TallyHo mice research including diabetes onset and progression.
THE VALUE OF URINE SCREENING FOR GLUCOSE AT EACH PRENATAL VISIT; Objective: To determine whether chemical (dipstick) urinalysis for glucose at each prenatal visit predicts gestational outcomes such as gestational diabetes, abruptio placentae, preterm delivery, fetal heart rate abnormality, cesarean delivery for dystocia, fetal macrosomia and shoulder dystocia. Methods: We retrospectively evaluated each of the 3217 women who were delivered at St. Joseph's Hospital between July 1, 1990, and September 1, 1993, and who had received all prenatal care at Marshfield Clinic. Study subjects had complete urinalyses at the first prenatal visit, blood glucose diabetes screening at 24-28 weeks, and dipstick urinalysis for glucose at each prenatal visit. Women were excluded because of preexisting diabetes, multiple gestation, glucosuria at the first prenatal visit, or failure to complete the recommended blood screening at 24-28 weeks. The remaining 2965 women were grouped according to whether their dipstick urine tests were positive for glucose. Then the two groups were compared with regard to relevant pregnancy outcomes. Results: Women with glucosuria in the first two trimesters had a significantly higher incidence of gestational diabetes (12.8 versus 2.9%, P = .003). For women without evidence of gestational diabetes, there were no clinically important differences in the measured pregnancy outcomes between the two groups. Conclusion: Routine dipstick urinalysis for glucose can identify gravidas at increased risk for gestational diabetes, possibly allowing certain women with gestational diabetes to be diagnosed earlier than 24-28 weeks. However, most glucosuria testing is performed after a patient has completed routine blood screening for gestational diabetes. This third trimester testing is not predictive of any clinically important pregnancy outcome.
Does fetal sex affect pregnancy outcome?; Background: In maternal fetal medicine, gender differences in outcome are often observed. Objective: This article reviews the fetal sex-dependent differences found in many aspects of pregnancy, from conception through birth. Methods: The MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Current Contents databases were searched, for the years 1985 to 2006, using the following Medical Subject Headings and text words: fetal gender, male, female, sex ratio at birth, pregnancy outcome, preterm birth, and stillbirth. The search was not limited by language. In addition, the bibliographies of known relevant articles were examined to capture any reports not already identified in the electronic search. All reports that provided information on gender differences in pregnancy outcome were included for review. Results: An extremely high male-to-female ratio was found in fetuses born after very short-duration pregnancy; this level declined around the 20th week and stabilized at term. In the absence of manipulation, both the sex ratio at birth and the population sex ratio have been found to remain consistent. A higher incidence of preterm birth and premature preterm rupture of membranes has been observed in different populations among mothers of male newborns compared with mothers of females. It has been speculated that this higher incidence may be linked to the relatively greater weight at lower gestational age of male newborns versus females. Women carrying male fetuses had higher rates of gestational diabetes mellitus, fetal macrosomia, failure to progress during the first and second stages of labor, cord prolapse, nuchal cord, and true umbilical cord knots. Cesarean sections were also more frequently found among male neonates compared with females. Conclusions: Male sex is an independent risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcome. Evidence suggests that females have an advantage over males, with a better outcome in the perinatal period, particularly after preterm birth. (Gend Med. 2007;4:19-30) Copyright (c) 2007 Excerpta Medica, Inc.
Association of Comorbid and Metabolic Factors with Optimal Control of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Background: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a poorly controlled epidemic worldwide that demands active research into mitigation of the factors that are associated with poor control. Aims: The study was to determine the factors associated with suboptimal glycemic control. Materials and Methods: Electronic medical records of 263 adult patients with T2DM in our suburban internal medicine office were reviewed. Patients were divided into two groups: Group 1 [optimal diabetes control with glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) of 7% or less] and Group 2 (suboptimal diabetes control with HbA1c greater than 7%). The influence of factors such as age, gender, race, social history, comorbid conditions, gestational diabetes, family history of diabetes, diabetes management, statin use, aspirin use, angiotensin convertase enzyme inhibitor (ACE-I) or angiotensin receptor blocker (ARB) use, body mass index (BMI), blood pressures, lipid profile, and urine microalbumin level were analyzed in the two groups. Results: In the suboptimal diabetes control group (N = 119), the majority (86.6%) of the patients were 41-80 years old. Factors associated with the suboptimal control were male gender [odds ratio (OR) 2.6, 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.579-4.321], Asian ethnicity (OR 1.4, 95% CI, 0.683-3.008), history of peripheral arterial disease (PAD; OR 3.9, 95% CI, 1.017-14.543), history of congestive heart failure (CHF; OR 3.9, 95% CI, 1.017-14.543), elevated triglycerides (OR 1.004, 95% CI, 1.000-1.007), and elevated urine microalbumin level of 30 mg/24 h or above (OR 4.5, 95% CI, 2.446-8.380). Patients with suboptimal diabetes control had a 3.8 times greater odds (95% CI, 1.493-6.885) of receiving the insulin and oral hypoglycemic agent together. Conclusions: In adult patients with T2DM, male gender, Asian ethnicity, CHF, PAD, management with insulin along with oral hypoglycemic agents, hypertriglyceridemia, and microalbuminuria were associated with suboptimal control.
Insight into genetic, biological, and environmental determinants of sexual-dimorphism in type 2 diabetes and glucose-related traits; There is growing evidence that sex and gender differences play an important role in risk and pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes (T2D). Men develop T2D earlier than women, even though there is more obesity in young women than men. This difference in T2D prevalence is attenuated after the menopause. However, not all women are equally protected against T2D before the menopause, and gestational diabetes represents an important risk factor for future T2D. Biological mechanisms underlying sex and gender differences on T2D physiopathology are not yet fully understood. Sex hormones affect behavior and biological changes, and can have implications on lifestyle; thus, both sex-specific environmental and biological risk factors interact within a complex network to explain the differences in T2D risk and physiopathology in men and women. In addition, lifetime hormone fluctuations and body changes due to reproductive factors are generally more dramatic in women than men (ovarian cycle, pregnancy, and menopause). Progress in genetic studies and rodent models have significantly advanced our understanding of the biological pathways involved in the physiopathology of T2D. However, evidence of the sex-specific effects on genetic factors involved in T2D is still limited, and this gap of knowledge is even more important when investigating sex-specific differences during the life course. In this narrative review, we will focus on the current state of knowledge on the sex-specific effects of genetic factors associated with T2D over a lifetime, as well as the biological effects of these different hormonal stages on T2D risk. We will also discuss how biological insights from rodent models complement the genetic insights into the sex-dimorphism effects on T2D. Finally, we will suggest future directions to cover the knowledge gaps.
Patient-reported Benefits and Limitations of Mobile Health Technologies for Diabetes in Pregnancy: A Scoping Review; Objectives: For women with pre-existing and gestational diabetes, pregnancy involves specialized and intensive medical care to optimize maternal and infant outcomes. Medical management for patients with diabetes in pregnancy typically occurs via frequent face-to-face outpatient appointments. COVID-19-induced barriers to face-to-face care have identified the need for high-quality, patient-centred virtual health-care modalities, such as mobile health (mHealth) technologies. Our aim in this review was to identify the patient-reported benefits and limitations of mHealth technologies among women with dia-betes in pregnancy. We also aimed to determine how the women's experiences aligned with the best practice standards for patient-centred communication.Methods: The framework presented by Arksey and O'Malley for conducting scoping reviews, with refinements by Levac et al, was used to guide this review. Relevant studies were identified through comprehensive database searches of MEDLINE, Embase, Emcare and PsycINFO. Thomas and Harden's methods for the thematic synthesis of qualitative research in systematic reviews guided the synthesis of patient-reported benefits and limitations of mHealth technology. Results: Overall, 19 studies describing the use of 16 unique mHealth technologies among 742 women were included in the final review. Patient-reported benefits of mHealth included convenience, support of psychosocial well-being and facilitation of diabetes self-management. Patient-reported limitations included lack of important technological features, perceived burdensome aspects of mHealth and lack of trust in virtual health care.Conclusions: Women with diabetes report some benefits from mHealth use during pregnancy. Co -designing future technologies with end users may help address the perceived limitations and effectiveness of mHealth technologies.(c) 2022 Canadian Diabetes Association.
Influence of birth weight on fetal cardiac indices at 35-37 weeks' gestation; Objective Echocardiographic studies have reported that fetuses with low birth weight, compared to those with normal birth weight, have globular hearts and reduced cardiac function. Dichotomizing continuous variables, such as birth weight, may be helpful in describing pathology in small studies but can prevent us from identifying physiological responses in relation to change in size. The aim of this study was to explore associations between fetal cardiac morphology and function and birth weight, as a continuous variable, as well as uterine artery (UtA) pulsatility index (PI), as an indirect measure of placental perfusion, and the cerebroplacental ratio (CPR), as an indirect measure of fetal oxygenation. Methods This was a prospective study of 1498 women with singleton pregnancy undergoing routine ultrasound examination at 35 + 0 to 36 + 6 weeks' gestation. Pregnancies complicated by pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, pregnancy-induced hypertension or pre-eclampsia were excluded from the analysis. Conventional and more advanced echocardiographic modalities, such as speckle tracking, were used to assess fetal cardiac function in the right and left ventricles. The morphology of the fetal heart was assessed by calculating the right and left sphericity indices. In addition, the PI of the UtA, umbilical artery (UA) and fetal middle cerebral artery (MCA) was determined and the CPR was calculated by dividing MCA-PI by UA-PI. Multiple linear regression models were used to assess determinants o f fetal echocardiographic parameters. Results The study population included 146 (9.7%) small-for-gestational-age (SGA) fetuses with birth weight < 10th percentile and 68 (4.5%) with fetal growth restriction (FGR). In the SGA and FGR groups, compared to the non-SGA and non-FGR fetuses, respectively, there was a more globular right ventricle and reduced left and right ventricular systolic function, and, from the left ventricular diastolic functional indices, the E/A ratio was increased. There was a linear association of right ventricular sphericity index, indices of left and right ventricular systolic function and E/A ratio with birth-weight Z-score. There were no significant associations between cardiac morphological and functional indices and UtA-PI Z-score or CPR Z-score. Conclusions This screening study at 35-37 weeks' gestation has demonstrated that birth weight is a determinant of fetal cardiac morphology and function but UtA-PI and CPR, as indirect measures of placental perfusion and fetal oxygenation, are not. This suggests that the differences in fetal cardiac indices between small and appropriately grown fetuses may be part of a normal physiological response to change in fetal size rather than part of a pathological adaptation to abnormal placental perfusion and fetal oxygenation. (C) 2020 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Pathologic ventricular hypertrophy in the offspring of diabetic mothers: a retrospective study; Aims Diabetes in pregnant women is increasing and with that the complications in their offspring. We studied our population of diabetic mothers (2003-2005) for pathologic ventricular hypertrophy (PVH). Methods and results In our retrospective study of ati. 87 diabetic pregnancies (92 neonates), 16 were type 1, 17 were type 2, and 54 were gestational diabetes (GD). Haemoglobin glycated (HbA1c) median was 5.8% (5.3-6.5): 17 with HbA1c above normal 2 with congenital heart disease (CHD) and six with PVH. A total of 75 neonates were normal, five had CHD, and 12 had PVH (1/12 died post-natally, 1/12 stillborn, 2/12 required premature delivery, 8/12 normal). The 16 type 1 pregnancies resulted in three neonates with CHD and in 50% PVH, including one death, one premature Cesarean section because of PVH. The 17 neonates of type 2 pregnancies showed in one CHD and in 25% PVH. Of the 54 GD pregnancies, one had CHD and one had PVH. Conclusion Pregnancies of both type I and 2 diabetes carry an increased risk for foetal development of PVH compared with those with GD. The insufficient effect of preventive glycaemia controls leads to conclude that although no definite predictive parameters for malignant outcome can be presented, close monitoring of these pregnancies may prevent perinatal catastrophes.
Metabolic and vascular abnormalities in subjects at risk for type 2 diabetes: The early start of a dangerous situation; Various groups at risk for type 2 diabetes have been identified, including individuals with family history of type 2 diabetes, obesity, prior gestational diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome, metabolic syndrome, hypertension, dyslipidemia and particularly those with pre-diabetes (impaired glucose tolerance and/or impaired fasting glucose). To various degrees, all these groups have also been identified with significant vascular abnormalities that range from endothelial dysfunction and low-grade or sub-clinical inflammation to evident atherosclerosis. The mechanisms involved in establishing a link between the risk of type 2 diabetes and vascular dysfunction are multiple and complex. The presence in the circulation of various cytokines, hormones and substrates associated with increased visceral fat and insulin resistance, the frequent appearance of associated cardiovascular risk factors and/or the possibility of some genetically determined intrinsic vascular abnormalities are all explanatory mechanisms that are being evaluated in clinical research. Whereas the possibility of appreciating a significant reduction in cardiovascular outcomes in long-term prospective clinical trials in all these groups at risk for type 2 diabetes is still lacking, understanding these mechanisms and recognizing how various interventions may improve vascular health is a worthwhile area of research that may translate into important clinical strategies to reduce the burden of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. (c) 2005 IMSS. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Metabolic profile and body composition in adult women with congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency; Context: The chronic, often supraphysiological glucocorticoid doses used in congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) might increase morbidity in cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Objective: Our aim was to assess risk factors for cardiovascular disease and diabetes in CAH women. Subjects, Methods, and Design: We compared 61 women, 18-63 yr, with CAH due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency with 61 age- and sex-matched controls. Twenty-seven were younger than 30 yr, and 34 were 30 yr or older. Anthropometry, fat and lean mass measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, serum lipids, insulin, and adrenocortical steroids were studied. Main Outcome Measure: Body composition and cardiovascular risk factors were the main outcome measures. Results: Younger patients and controls had similar waist to hip ratio, lean and fat mass, and insulin. Older patients had higher waist to hip ratio, lean mass, and insulin than controls. Fat mass was similar to controls but higher than in younger patients. Lipid profiles were slightly more favorable in older patients than controls. Gestational diabetes was morecommonin patients (21% of pregnancies vs. 0, P < 0.026). Few older patients had hypertension, cardiovascular disease, or diabetes. Despite moderate glucocorticoid doses, most patients had suppressed androgens. Conclusions: No clear evidence of unfavorable cardiovascular risk factors were found. Increased fat mass and higher insulin levels were, however, found in patients older than 30 yr. High frequency of gestational diabetes is a risk marker for future diabetes. Lifelong follow-up, lifestyle modifications, and attempts to adjust and reduce the glucocorticoid doses seem important.
Bazedoxifene blocks AGEs-RAGE-induced superoxide generation and MCP-1 level in endothelial cells; Advanced glycation endproducts (AGEs) and their receptor (RAGE) play a role in vascular complications in diabetes. We have previously shown that 17 beta-estradiol at 10 nmol/l, a nearly identical plasma concentration to that during mid-pregnancy, up-regulates RAGE expression in endothelial cells. The finding might suggest the involvement of 17 beta-estradiol in the deterioration of vascular complications in diabetes during pregnancy. However, the effects of the selective estrogen receptor modulator, bazedoxifene, on oxidative and inflammatory reactions in AGEs-exposed endothelial cells remain unknown. In this study, we addressed the issue. Ten nmol/l 17 beta-estradiol increased RAGE and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) gene and protein expression in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs), both of which were blocked by 10 nmol/l bazedoxifene. Bazedoxifene at 10 nmol/l also significantly inhibited the AGEs-induced superoxide generation, RAGE and MCP-1 gene and protein expression in HUVECs. The present study suggests that blockade of the AGEs-RAGE axis by bazedoxifene might be a novel therapeutic target for preventing vascular damage in diabetes, especially in postmenopausal women.
Early nutrition and weight evolution in children; Maternal nutritional and metabolic factors which affect fetal growth and birth weight generate an increasing interest. Some of these factors might affect organs growth and functions, or might modify metabolism, toward a greater susceptibility to obesity and several chronic diseases (arterial hypertension, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases). Numerous epidemiological data support a negative relation between birth weight and these chronic diseases. Other studies indicate a positive relation between birth weight and body mass index in childhood or adulthood, which may be explained by a reduced lean mass ; however, some of them suggest that a low birth weight would favored a troncular (central) fat distribution. In offsprings of mother with diabetes during pregnancy, a high birth weight, clearly predispose to obesity and insulin resistance since infancy, thus, demonstrating the deleterious effect of the in utero diabetic environment. Recent studies, indicate that even moderate maternal glucose tolerance abnormalities, of a lower grade than gestational diabetes, lead to an accelerated fetal adiposity growth. Furthermore, an early rapid postnatal growth is also a risk factor for children overweight. All these recent data, reinforce the need for studies to assess the complex interactions between prenatal and postnatal growth and their nutritional and genetic determinants. This is of importance due to the increasing number of women who are overweight when becoming pregnant, as well as, the regular increase in the prevalence of children overweight and obesity.
Effect of periodontal disease on diabetes: systematic review of epidemiologic observational evidence; Background Periodontal disease and diabetes mellitus are common, chronic diseases worldwide. Epidemiologic and biologic evidence suggest periodontal disease may affect diabetes. Objective To systematically review non-experimental, epidemiologic evidence for effects of periodontal disease on diabetes control, complications and incidence. Data sources Electronic bibliographic databases, supplemented by hand searches of recent and future issues of relevant journals. Study eligibility criteria and participants Longitudinal and cross-sectional epidemiologic, non-interventional studies that permit determination of directionality of observed effects were included. Study appraisal and synthesis methods Four reviewers evaluated pair-wise each study. Review findings regarding study results and quality were summarized in tables by topic, using the PRISMA Statement for reporting and the Newcastle-Ottawa System for quality assessment, respectively. From 2246 citations identified and available abstracts screened, 114 full-text reports were assessed and 17 included in the review. Results A small body of evidence supports significant, adverse effects of periodontal disease on glycaemic control, diabetes complications, and development of type 2 (and possibly gestational) diabetes. Limitations There were only a limited number of eligible studies, several of which included small sample sizes. Exposure and outcome parameters varied, and the generalizability of their results was limited. Conclusions and implications of key findings Current evidence suggests that periodontal disease adversely affects diabetes outcomes, and that further longitudinal studies are warranted.
Effect of periodontal disease on diabetes: systematic review of epidemiologic observational evidence (Reprinted from Journal of Clinical Periodontology, vol 40, pg S135-S152, 2013); Background: Periodontal disease and diabetes mellitus are common, chronic diseases worldwide. Epidemiologic and biologic evidence suggest periodontal disease may affect diabetes. Objective: To systematically review non-experimental, epidemiologic evidence for effects of periodontal disease on diabetes control, complications and incidence. Data sources: Electronic bibliographic databases, supplemented by hand searches of recent and future issues of relevant journals. Study eligibility criteria and participants: Longitudinal and cross-sectional epidemiologic, non-interventional studies that permit determination of directionality of observed effects were included. Study appraisal and synthesis methods: Four reviewers evaluated pair-wise each study. Review findings regarding study results and quality were summarized in tables by topic, using the PRISMA Statement for reporting and the Newcastle-Ottawa System for quality assessment, respectively. From 2246 citations identified and available abstracts screened, 114 full-text reports were assessed and 17 included in the review. Results: A small body of evidence supports significant, adverse effects of periodontal disease on glycaemic control, diabetes complications, and development of type 2 (and possibly gestational) diabetes. Limitations: There were only a limited number of eligible studies, several of which included small sample sizes. Exposure and outcome parameters varied, and the generalizability of their results was limited. Conclusions and implications of key findings: Current evidence suggests that periodontal disease adversely affects diabetes outcomes, and that further longitudinal studies are warranted.
Novel associations between bioavailable estradiol and adipokines in elderly women with different phenotypes of obesity -: Implications for atherogenesis; Background-Peripheral adiposity confers protection against diabetes and atherosclerosis in elderly women. The underlying mechanisms, however, remain to be elucidated. Methods and Results-On the basis on dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry measurements of central fat mass (CFM) and peripheral fat mass (PFM), we identified 290 elderly women with distinct forms of body fat distribution (lean, peripheral obesity, central obesity, or general obesity). Study parameters were plasma tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin (IL)-6, adiponectin, estradiol, sex hormone-binding globulin, insulin resistance, and aortic calcification, graded on lateral radiography. In peripherally and generally obese women, plasma estradiol and insulin resistance were significantly lower, whereas sex hormone-binding globulin and adiponectin were significantly higher compared with centrally obese women independent of age, body mass index, total fat mass, and smoking habits (all P<0.05). After adjustment for these confounders, IL-6 in centrally obese women was comparable with that seen in generally obese (similar high CFM%) but significantly higher than in peripherally obese women and lean women (low CFM%). Atherosclerosis was less severe in generally obese (2.5±0.3) compared with centrally obese women (5.0±0.7, P=0.001). In multiple regression analysis, total fat mass, body fat distribution, insulin resistance, estradiol, current smoking, treated hyperlipidemia, and treated hypertension contributed independently to the variation of aortic calcification (R=0.55, SEE=3.60, P<0.001). Conclusions-Abundant presence of PFM in generally obese women is associated with increased plasma adiponectin and higher insulin sensitivity, which could explain the apparent protection against the atherogenic effects of IL-6 derived from CFM. Low peripheral exposure to estradiol appears to be a sine qua non of maintained adiponectin secretion from PFM.
A Mobile Clinical Decision Support System for High-Risk Pregnant Women in Rural India (SMARThealth Pregnancy): Pilot Cluster Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women in India. Early identification is crucial to reducing deaths. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) carry independent risks for future CVD, and antenatal care is a window to screen and counsel high-risk women. In rural India, community health workers (CHWs) deliver antenatal and postnatal care. We developed a complex intervention (SMARThealth Pregnancy) involving mobile clinical decision support for CHWs and evaluated it in a pilot cluster randomized controlled trial (cRCT). Objective: The aim of the study is to co-design a theory-informed intervention for CHWs to screen, refer, and counsel pregnant women at high risk of future CVD in rural India and evaluate its feasibility and acceptability. Methods: In phase 1, we used qualitative methods to explore community priorities for high-risk pregnant women in rural areas of 2 diverse states in India. In phase 2, informed by behavior change theory and human-centered design, we used these qualitative data to develop the intervention components and implementation strategies for SMARThealth Pregnancy in an iterative process with end users. In phase 3, using mixed methods, we evaluated the intervention in a cRCT with an embedded qualitative substudy across 4 primary health centres: 2 in Jhajjar district, Haryana, and 2 in Guntur district, Andhra Pradesh. Results: SMARThealth Pregnancy embedded a total of 15 behavior change techniques and included (1) community awareness programs; (2) targeted training, including point-of-care blood pressure and hemoglobin measurement; and (3) mobile clinical decision support for CHWs to screen women in their homes. The intervention focused on 3 priority conditions: anemia, HDP, and GDM. The evaluation involved a total of 200 pregnant women, equally randomized to intervention or enhanced standard care (control). Recruitment was completed within 5 months, with minimal loss to follow-up (4/200, 2%) at 6 weeks postpartum. A total of 4 primary care doctors and 54 CHWs in the intervention clusters took part in the study. Fidelity to intervention practices was 100% prepandemic. Over half the study population was affected by moderate to severe anemia at baseline. The prevalence of HDP (2.5%) and GDM (2%) was low in our study population. Results suggest a possible improvement in mean hemoglobin (anemia) in the intervention group, although an adequately powered trial is needed. The model of home-based care was feasible and acceptable for pregnant or postpartum women and CHWs, who perceived improvements in quality of care, self-efficacy, and professional recognition.Conclusions: SMARThealth Pregnancy is an innovative model of home-based care for high-risk pregnant women during the transitions between antenatal and postnatal care and adult health services. The use of theory and co-design during intervention development facilitated acceptability of the intervention and implementation strategies. Our experience has informed the decision to initiate a larger-scale cRCT.Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03968952; https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03968952International Registered Report Identifier (IRRID): RR2-10.3389/fgwh.2021.620759
Preconception Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Pregnancy Outcome; Background: Pregnancy-related cardiovascular conditions are associated with both poorer pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease later in life. Little is known about the relationship between preconception cardiovascular risk factor levels and pregnancy complications. Methods: Data from the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study were linked with birth registry data for 1142 primiparous women. Age-standardized levels of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, blood pressure, insulin, and glucose from the study visit prior to last menstrual period were calculated. These factors were examined as predictors of gestational age, preterm birth (< 37 weeks), birth-weight, low birthweight (< 2500 g), small-for-gestational-age (weight <10th percentile for gestational age), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes, using linear and Poisson regression with adjustment for age, body mass index, smoking, and socioeconomic status. Results: Higher triglycerides were associated with a higher risk of hypertensive disorders (adjusted risk ratio [aRR] = 1.42 [95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.90-2.23]), preeclampsia (1.70 [1.08-2.65 ]), and gestational diabetes (1.68 [1.25-2.25]). After removing women with pregnancy complications (n = 30), the estimated aRR for the association between systolic blood pressure and preterm birth was 1.23 (95% CI = 0.99-1.54); for HDL-c and low birthweight, 0.97 (0.73-1.28); for diastolic blood pressure and small-for-gestational-age, 0.98 (0.81-1.20); and for systolic blood pressure and small-for-gestational-age, 1.18 (0.97-1.45). Conclusions: High lipid levels before pregnancy predict an increased risk of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Reported associations between these pregnancy complications and later cardiovascular disease of the mother are probably explained, at least in part, by maternal conditions that precede pregnancy. Interventions to improve cardiovascular health before pregnancy may reduce risk of pregnancy complications. (Epidemiology 2011; 22: 724-730)
A Review on the Genetic, Environmental, and Lifestyle Aspects of the Early-Life Origins of Cardiovascular Disease; This article is a comprehensive review on developmental origins of health and disease regarding various factors related to the origins of cardiovascular diseases from early life. It presents a summary of the impacts of various factors such as epigenetics; gene environment interaction; ethnic predisposition to cardiovascular diseases and their underlying risk factors; prenatal factors; fetal programming; maternal weight status and weight gain during pregnancy; type of feeding during infancy; growth pattern during childhood; obesity; stunting; socioeconomic status; dietary and physical activity habits; active, secondhand, and thirdhand smoking, as well as environmental factors including air pollution and global climate change on the development and progress of cardiovascular diseases and their risk factors. The importance of early identification of predisposing factors for cardiovascular diseases for primordial and primary prevention of cardiovascular diseases from early life is highlighted.
Metabolic syndrome: Screening, diagnosis, and management; Metabolic syndrome, a growing issue in women's health, is a cluster of health findings that increase the risk of cardiovascular events. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome is higher in women and is linked to several conditions unique to women's health, including polycystic ovary syndrome, gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and female sexual dysfunction. Risk factors, screening strategies, and therapeutic management of metabolic syndrome in women are discussed.
Management of Peripartum Cardiomyopathy with Secondary Large Left Ventricular Apical Clot using Novel Oral Anticoagulants: A Case Report; Peripartum Cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a major life-threatening complication of pregnancy, as only half of them or slightly more patients show improvement of Left Ventricular (LV) dysfunction. A 28-year-old woman with a history of gestational hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy, underwent full-term normal vaginal delivery. She started developing dyspnea, Class II which progressed to Class IV postpartum. Kidney and liver functions were found to be grossly deranged along with thrombocytopenia. Provisional diagnosis of Haemolysis, Elevated Liver Enzymes and Low Platelets (HELLP) was made. Electrocardiography (ECG) revealed the left anterior fascicular block. Eventually, bedside echocardiogram revealed severe LV dysfunction and the presence of a large soft LV apical clot with an Ejection Fraction (EF) of 30%. Adequate anticoagulation was achieved using Novel Oral Anticoagulants (NOAC). After six days and a 3-month follow-up, an echocardiogram demonstrated a significant improvement of LV function (EF-45%) and a complete resolution of LV apical clot, respectively.
The Electronic CardioMetabolic Program (eCMP) for Patients With Cardiometabolic Risk: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Effective lifestyle interventions targeting high-risk adults that are both practical for use in ambulatory care settings and scalable at a population management level are needed. Objective: Our aim was to examine the potential effectiveness, feasibility, and acceptability of delivering an evidence-based Electronic Cardio-Metabolic Program (eCMP) for improving health-related quality of life, improving health behaviors, and reducing cardiometabolic risk factors in ambulatory care high-risk adults. Methods: We conducted a randomized, wait-list controlled trial with 74 adults aged >= 18 years recruited from a large multispecialty health care organization. Inclusion criteria were (1) BMI >= 35 kg/m(2) and prediabetes, previous gestational diabetes and/or metabolic syndrome, or (2) BMI >= 30 kg/m(2) and type 2 diabetes and/or cardiovascular disease. Participants had a mean age of 59.7 years (SD 11.2), BMI 37.1 kg/m(2) (SD 5.4) and were 59.5% female, 82.4% white. Participants were randomized to participate in eCMP immediately (n= 37) or 3 months later (n= 37). eCMP is a 6-month program utilizing video conferencing, online tools, and pre-recorded didactic videos to deliver evidence-based curricula. Blinded outcome assessments were conducted at 3 and 6 months postbaseline. Data were collected and analyzed between 2014 and 2015. The primary outcome was health-related quality of life. Secondary outcomes included biometric cardiometabolic risk factors (eg, body weight), self-reported diet and physical activity, mental health status, retention, session attendance, and participant satisfaction. Results: Change in quality of life was not significant in both immediate and delayed participants. Both groups significantly lost weight and reduced waist circumference at 6 months, with some cardiometabolic factors trending accordingly. Significant reduction in self-reported anxiety and perceived stress was seen in the immediate intervention group at 6 months. Retention rate was 93% at 3 months and 86% at 6 months post-baseline. Overall eCMP attendance was high with 59.5-83.8% of immediate and delayed intervention participants attending 50% of the virtual stress management and behavioral lifestyle sessions and 37.8-62.2% attending at least 4 out of 7 in-person physical activity sessions. The intervention received high ratings for satisfaction. Conclusions: The technology-assisted eCMP is a feasible and well-accepted intervention and may significantly decrease cardiometabolic risk among high-risk individuals.
Lactation Intensity and Postpartum Maternal Glucose Tolerance and Insulin Resistance in Women With Recent GDM The SWIFT cohort; OBJECTIVE-To examine the association between breastfeeding intensity in relation to maternal blood glucose and insulin and glucose intolerance based on the postpartum 2-h 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results at 6-9 weeks after a pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-We selected 522 participants enrolled into the Study of Women, Infant Feeding, and Type 2 Diabetes (SWIFT), a prospective observational cohort study of Kaiser Permanente Northern California members diagnosed with GDM using the 3-h 100-g OGTT by the Carpenter and Coustan criteria. Women were classified as normal, prediabetes, or diabetes according to American Diabetes Association criteria based on the postpartum 2-h 75-g OGTT results. RESULTS-Compared with exclusive or mostly formula feeding (>17 oz formula per 24 h), exclusive breastfeeding and mostly breastfeeding (<= 6 oz formula per 24 h) groups, respectively, had lower adjusted mean (95% CI) group differences in fasting plasma glucose (mg/dL) of -4.3 (-7.4 to -1.3) and -5.0 (-8.5 to -1.4), in fasting insulin (mu U/mL) of -6.3 (-10.1 to -2.4) and -7.5 (-11.9 to -3.0), and in 2-h insulin of -21.4 (-41.0 to -1.7) and -36.5 (-59.3 to -13.7) (all P < 0.05). Exclusive or mostly breastfeeding groups had lower prevalence of diabetes or prediabetes (P = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS-Higher intensity of lactation was associated with improved fasting glucose and lower insulin levels at 6-9 weeks' postpartum. Lactation may have favorable effects on glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity that may reduce diabetes risk after GDM pregnancy.
First trimester maternal serum free β-human chorionic gonadotropin and pregnancy-associated plasma protein A in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus; Objective To investigate whether markers of first trimester screening for aneuploidies, including fetal nuchal translucency (NT), maternal serum free beta-human chorionic gonadotropin (beta-hCG) and pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A), are altered in women with pre-existing type-1 and type-2 diabetes mellitus, and in women that subsequently develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Design Retrospective analysis of prospective combined screening for aneuploidies in singleton pregnancies at 11(+0)-13(+6) weeks of gestation. Setting Antenatal clinic. Population Singleton pregnancies at 11(+0)-13(+6) weeks of gestation resulting in the delivery of phenotypically normal neonates. The study included 194 women with type-1 diabetes, 122 women with type-2 diabetes, 779 women who developed GDM and 41 007 non-diabetic controls. Methods Maternal free beta-hCG and PAPP-A levels were expressed as multiples of the respective normal median (MoM), and fetal NT was expressed as a difference from the expected median (D). Main outcome measures Comparison of median MoM maternal free beta(-)hCG and PAPP-A, and fetal NT, in the four outcome groups. Results There were no significant differences between the groups in median Delta NT and maternal free beta-hCG MoM. Maternal median PAPP-A in type-2 diabetes, compared with the non-diabetic group, was reduced (0.75 MoM, IQR 0.50-1.09 MoM versus 1.00 MoM, IQR 0.68-1.42 MoM; P < 0.001), which resulted in doubling in the false-positive rate in the combined screening in this population. There were no significant differences in maternal PAPP-A between the other groups. Conclusions In women with type-2 diabetes, the estimation of accurate patient-specific risk in the first trimester combined screening for aneuploidies necessitates an adjustment of maternal serum PAPP-
Persistent subclinical myocardial dysfunction among infants of diabetic mothers; Introduction: Offspring of diabetic mothers have five times higher risk of cardiovascular abnormalities than in normal pregnancies. These cardiac anomalies involve fetal cardiac morphological and functional changes. Here, we investigate subclinical cardiovascular abnormalities, including structural and functional changes among infants of diabetic mothers. Material and methods: A prospective cohort study was carried out from March 2017 to September 2020 at a South Indian tertiary care center. One hundred ninety-eight newborns delivered from non-diabetic mothers, well-controlled diabetic mothers (WCDM), and poorly controlled diabetic mothers (PCDM) were studied. Neonates and infantile echocardiographic imaging were performed at the first week of life, at 6-weeks, and 6-months of life. Cardiac structure and function were assessed using 2D, M-mode, Conventional Doppler, and Tissue Doppler imaging. Results: Out of the total (198) infants, 66 (33.3%) were from the non-diabetic (control) mothers, 60 (30.3%) from the WCDM, and 72 (36.4%) were from the PCDM groups. In both WCDM and PCDM groups, the mean gestational ages at birth were shorter than the control group (37.19 +/- 0.82, 36.02 +/- 2.15, and 37.91 +/- 1.33 weeks respectively). There was a high incidence of neonatal hypoglycemia (p-value <0.001), NICU stay >7 days (p-value <0.018), and persistent fetal transitional cardiac shunt (p-value <0.03) among poorly controlled DM group in comparison to others. Tissue deformation imaging showed a significant reduction in left ventricular global strain and strain rate in the neonatal heart from poorly controlled diabetic mothers. Myocardial wall thickness among neonates of diabetic mothers was higher compared to controls. LV TEI was higher in PCDM groups in comparison with WCDM and control groups; (0.59 +/- 0.11, 0.46 +/- 0.35, and 0.37 +/- 0.12 respectively, p-value =0.01). Similarly, RV TEI was high in the PCDM (0.56 +/- 0.09) group compared to the WCDM group (0.33 +/- 0.12) and control group (0.28 +/- 0.10). Conclusions: Infants of diabetic mothers are at higher risk of developing cardiac abnormalities, including structural and functional defects. The highest increase in interventricular septal thickening found in poorly controlled diabetic mothers' neonates will disrupt both ventricles' functions, followed by WCDM and the control group.
Risk of early progression to prediabetes or diabetes in women with recent gestational dysglycaemia but normal glucose tolerance at 3-month postpartum; P>Objective Both gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and milder glucose intolerance in pregnancy identify women who are at risk of developing type 2 diabetes. While some of these women will have prediabetes or diabetes in the early postpartum, most will have normal glucose tolerance (NGT), despite their future diabetic risk. In this context, we sought to evaluate the risk of early progression to dysglycaemia in women with NGT at 3-month postpartum and identify predictors thereof. Methods Three hundred and twenty-five women with varying degrees of gestational dysglycaemia but NGT on oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at 3-month postpartum underwent repeat OGTT at 12-month postpartum. Results By 12-month postpartum, 10% of the study population and 17 center dot 1% of those with recent GDM had progressed to dysglycaemia (primarily impaired glucose tolerance). At 3-month postpartum, compared to nonprogressors, the progressors had (i) higher BMI (P = 0 center dot 0023), LDL (P = 0 center dot 0017), triglycerides (P = 0 center dot 0002), leptin (P = 0 center dot 0021) and C-reactive protein (P = 0 center dot 043), and (ii) lower HDL (P = 0 center dot 0026) and adiponectin (P = 0 center dot 045). Notably, although all women had NGT at the time, each of the following glucose-related parameters from the OGTT at 3-month postpartum emerged as a significant independent predictor of progression on logistic regression analyses: area-under-the-glucose-curve (OR = 1 center dot 37, 95%CI: 1 center dot 13-1 center dot 65; P = 0 center dot 0012); sum of the glucose values (OR = 1 center dot 16, 95%CI: 1 center dot 05-1 center dot 29; P = 0 center dot 0042); and having a delayed blood glucose peak (occurring > 30 min postload) (OR = 2 center dot 89, 95%CI: 1 center dot 29-6 center dot 45; P = 0 center dot 0097). Conclusions A normal OGTT at 3-month postpartum does not necessarily provide assurance of a low risk of progression to prediabetes. Glucose-related measures during this OGTT may identify those women at highest risk for early progression.
Neurobehaviour of school age children born to diabetic mothers; Aim-To study the neurobehavioural effects that diabetes during pregnancy might have on children by school age. Methods-The neurobehavioural function of 57 school age children born to 48, well controlled diabetic mothers was compared with 57 control children matched for age, birth order, and parental socioeconomic status, using several cognitive, behavioural, sensory and motor neurological tests. Results-The IQ scores of the index group children were similar to those of control children (117.7+/-13.4 vs 118.5+/-10.1). There were no differences between the groups in various sensory motor functions. However, the index group children performed less well than the controls on indices of fine and gross motor functions, as observed on the Bruininks-Oseretzky test of motor proficiency. The scores of children born to diabetic mothers were higher than controls on the Touwen and Prechtl neurological examination. They also performed worse in the Pollack tapper test which is designed to detect minor neurological deficits, inattention, and hyperactivity. The index children had higher scores on the Conners abbreviated parent-teacher questionnaire which measures hyperactivity and inattention. There was a negative correlation between the performance of the index group children on various neurodevelopmental and behavioural tests and the severity of hyperglycaemia, as assessed by blood glycosylated haemoglobin and acetonuria. Conclusions-Diabetes during pregnancy adversely affects some fine neurological functions in children at school age, but not their cognitive scores. These effects are not correlated with the degree of glycaemic control.
Cardiovascular health and cancer risk associated with plant based diets: An umbrella review; Context Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) and cancer are the two main leading causes of death and disability worldwide. Suboptimal diet, poor in vegetables, fruits, legumes and whole grain, and rich in processed and red meat, refined grains, and added sugars, is a primary modifiable risk factor. Based on health, economic and ethical concerns, plant-based diets have progressively widespread worldwide.Objective This umbrella review aims at assessing the impact of animal-free and animal-products-free diets (A/APFDs) on the risk factors associated with the development of cardiometabolic diseases, cancer and their related mortalities.Data sources PubMed and Scopus were searched for reviews, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses published from 1st January 2000 to 31st June 2023, written in English and involving human subjects of all ages. Primary studies and reviews/meta-analyses based on interventional trials which used A/APFDs as a therapy for people with metabolic diseases were excluded.Data extraction The umbrella review approach was applied for data extraction and analysis. The revised AMSTAR-R 11-item tool was applied to assess the quality of reviews/meta-analyses.Results Overall, vegetarian and vegan diets are significantly associated with better lipid profile, glycemic control, body weight/BMI, inflammation, and lower risk of ischemic heart disease and cancer. Vegetarian diet is also associated with lower mortality from CVDs. On the other hand, no difference in the risk of developing gestational diabetes and hypertension were reported in pregnant women following vegetarian diets. Study quality was average. A key limitation is represented by the high heterogeneity of the study population in terms of sample size, demography, geographical origin, dietary patterns, and other lifestyle confounders.Conclusions Plant-based diets appear beneficial in reducing cardiometabolic risk factors, as well as CVDs, cancer risk and mortality. However, caution should be paid before broadly suggesting the adoption of A/AFPDs since the strength-of-evidence of study results is significantly limited by the large study heterogeneity alongside the potential risks associated with potentially restrictive regimens.
Epigenetic programming, early life nutrition and the risk of metabolic disease; Time separates the past from the present, during this period memory are formed - written in code and decoded to be read while other memories are erased - but when it comes to the epigenome some memories are harder to forget than others. Recent studies show chemical information is written in the context of the epigenome and codified on histone and non-histone proteins to regulate nuclear processes such as gene transcription. The genome is also subject to modification in the form of 5-methylcytosine, which has been implicated in metabolic memory. In this review, we examine some of the chemical modifications that signal early life events and explore epigenetic changes that underlie the diabetic vasculature. The fine balance between past and present is discussed, as it pertains to gestational diabetes and obesity in context to the Barker hypothesis. We also examine emerging experimental evidence suggesting the hypothalamus as a central regulator of obesity risk and explore current genomic medicine. As for how cells recall specific chemical information, we examine the experimental evidence implicating chemical cues on the epigenome, providing examples of diet during pregnancy and the increased risk of disease in offspring. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Long-term Outcomes Associated With Post-kidney Donation Pregnancy Complications; Background. Kidney donors have increased risk of postdonation gestational hypertension (gHTN) and preeclampsia. In the general population, pregnancy complications are associated with long-term maternal risk. However, little data exist on whether donors with postdonation pregnancy-related complications have similar increased long-term risks. We studied whether postdonation gHTN, preeclampsia/eclampsia, or gestational diabetes (gDM) was associated with increased risk of developing hypertension, DM, cardiovascular disease, or estimated glomerular filtration rate <45mL/min/1.73 m(2). Methods. Postdonation pregnancies with complications were matched to pregnancies without complications based on time from donation. Incidence of outcomes was compared using sequential Cox regression with robust standard errors. Donors with predonation pregnancy complications were excluded. Models were adjusted for age at pregnancy, gravidity, year of donation, and family history of hypertension, DM, and heart disease. Results. Of the 384 donors with postdonation pregnancies (median [quartiles] follow-up of 27.0 [14.2-36.2] y after donation), 39 experienced preeclampsia/eclampsia, 29 gHTN without preeclampsia, and 17 gDM. Median interval from donation to first pregnancy with preeclampsia was 5.1 (2.9-8.6) y; for gHTN, 3.7 (1.9-7.8) y; and for gDM, 7.3 (3.7-10.3) y. Preeclampsia/eclampsia (hazard ratio [HR] 2.70; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.53-4.77) and gHTN (HR 2.39; 95% CI, 1.24-4.60) were associated with development of hypertension. Preeclampsia/eclampsia (HR 2.15; 95% CI, 1.11-4.16) and gDM (HR 5.60; 95% CI, 1.41-22.15) were associated with development of DM. Pregnancy-related complications were not associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease or estimated glomerular filtration rate <45mL/min/1.73 m(2). Conclusions. In our single-center study, postdonation preeclampsia, gHTN, or gDM was associated with long-term risk of hypertension or DM.
Perinatal and Postpartum Health Among People With Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities; Importance Small, geographically limited studies report that people with intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD) have increased risk for serious pregnancy-related and birth-related challenges, including preeclampsia, preterm birth, and increased anxiety and depression, than their peers. United States-based population-level data among people with IDD are lacking. Objectives To identify perinatal and postpartum outcomes among a national, longitudinal sample of people with IDD enrolled in public health insurance, compare subgroups of people with IDD, and compare outcomes among people with IDD with those of peers without IDD. Design, Setting, and Participants This retrospective cohort study used national Medicaid claims from January 1, 2008, to December 31, 2019, for 55 440 birthing people with IDD and a random sample of 438 557 birthing people without IDD. Medicaid funds almost half of all births and is the largest behavioral health insurer in the US, covering a robust array of services for people with IDD. Statistical analysis was performed from July 2023 to June 2024. Exposure People who had a documented birth in Medicaid during the study years. Main Outcome and MeasuresPerinatal outcomes were compared across groups using univariate and multivariate logistic regression. The probability of postpartum anxiety and depression was estimated using Kaplan-Meier and Cox proportional hazards regression. Results The study sample included 55 440 birthing people with IDD (including 41 854 with intellectual disabilities [ID] and 13 586 with autism; mean [SD] age at first delivery, 24.9 [6.7] years) and a random sample of 438 557 birthing people without IDD (mean [SD] age at first delivery, 26.4 [6.3] years). People with IDD were younger at first observed delivery, had a lower prevalence of live births (66.6% vs 76.7%), and higher rates of obstetric conditions (gestational diabetes, 10.3% vs 9.9%; gestational hypertension, 8.7% vs 6.1%; preeclampsia, 6.1% vs 4.4%) and co-occurring physical conditions (heart failure, 1.4% vs 0.4%; hyperlipidemia, 5.3% vs 1.7%; ischemic heart disease, 1.5% vs 0.4%; obesity, 16.3% vs 7.4%) and mental health conditions (anxiety disorders, 27.9% vs 6.5%; depressive disorders, 32.1% vs 7.5%; posttraumatic stress disorder, 9.5% vs 1.2%) than people without IDD. The probability of postpartum anxiety (adjusted hazard ratio [AHR], 3.2 [95% CI, 2.9-3.4]) and postpartum depression (AHR, 2.4 [95% CI, 2.3-2.6]) was significantly higher among autistic people compared with people with ID only and people without IDD. Conclusions and Relevance In this retrospective cohort study, people with IDD had a younger mean age at first delivery, had lower prevalence of live births, and had poor obstetric, mental health, and medical outcomes compared with people without IDD, pointing toward a need for clinician training and timely delivery of maternal health care. Results highlight needed reproductive health education, increasing clinician knowledge, and expanding Medicaid to ensure access to care for people with IDD.
Cohort Profile: Mysore Parthenon Birth Cohort; The Mysore Parthenon Birth Cohort was established to examine the long-term effects of maternal glucose tolerance and nutritional status on cardiovascular disease risk factors in the offspring. During 1997-98, 830 of 1233 women recruited from the antenatal clinics of the Holdsworth Memorial Hospital (HMH), Mysore, India, underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. Of these, 667 women delivered live babies at HMH. Four babies with major congenital anomalies were excluded, and the remaining 663 were included for further follow-up. The babies had detailed anthropometry at birth and at 6-12-monthly intervals subsequently. Detailed cardiovascular investigations were done at ages 5, 9.5 and 13.5 years in the children, and in the parents at the 5-year and 9.5-year follow-ups. This ongoing study provides extensive data on serial anthropometry and body composition, physiological and biochemical measures, dietary intake, nutritional status, physical activity measures, stress reactivity measures and cognitive function, and socio-demographic parameters for the offspring. Data on anthropometry, cardiovascular risk factors and nutritional status are available for mothers during pregnancy. Anthropometry and risk factor measures are available for both parents at follow-up.
Effects of Subclinical Hypothyroidism on Maternal and Perinatal Outcomes during Pregnancy: A Single-Center Cohort Study of a Chinese Population; Objective: Adverse maternal outcomes and perinatal complications are closely associated with overt maternal hypothyroidism, but whether these complications occur in women with subclinical hypothyroidism (SCH) during pregnancy remains controversial. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of SCH on maternal and perinatal outcomes during pregnancy. Methods: A prospective study of data from 8012 pregnant women (371 women with SCH, 7641 euthyroid women) was performed. Maternal serum samples were collected in different trimesters to examine thyroid hormone concentrations. SCH was defined as a thyroid stimulating hormone concentration exceeding the trimester-specific reference value with a normal free thyroxine concentration. The occurrence of maternal outcomes, including gestational hypertension (GH), gestational diabetes mellitus, placenta previa, placental abruption, prelabor rupture of membranes (PROM), and premature delivery; and perinatal outcomes, including intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), fetal distress, low birth weight (LBW; live birth weight <= 2500 g), stillbirth, and malformation, was recorded. Logistic regression with adjustment for confounding demographic and medical factors was used to determine the risks of adverse outcomes in patients with SCH. Results: Compared with euthyroid status, SCH was associated with higher rates of GH (1.819% vs. 3.504%, P = 0.020; chi(2) = 7.345; odds ratio (OR), 2.243; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.251-4.024), PROM (4.973% vs. 8.625%, P = 0.002; chi(2) = 72.102; adjusted OR, 6.014; 95% CI, 3.975-9.099), IUGR (1.008% vs. 2.965%, <0.001; chi(2) = 13.272; adjusted OR, 3.336; 95% CI, 1.745-6.377), and LBW (1.885% vs. 4.582%, P<0.001; chi(2) = 13.558; adjusted OR, 2.919; 95% CI, 1.650-5.163). Conclusions: The results of this study indicate that pregnant women with SCH had increased risks of GH and PROM, and their fetuses and infants had increased risks of IUGR and LBW. Thus, routine maternal thyroid function testing is necessary to improve maternal and perinatal outcomes.
Incidence and contributing factors of glucose intolerance in Saudi postpartum women: Subgroup analysis from RAHMA study; Objectives The objectives of this study were to determine incidence and risk factors of glucose intolerance one year after delivery in a sub-cohort of Riyadh Mother and Baby Cohort Study (RAHMA) study. Methods This is a follow-up study of a sub-cohort from RAHMA study from King Khalid University Hospital (KKUH). All women from RAHMA database who completed one year since delivery at KKUH were contacted by phone to participate in the study. Previously collected data from RAHMA registry for each participant were linked to this study data. Clinical data measured for each participant included current weight and height to calculate the BMI and waist circumference. Blood tests done for each participant were fasting blood glucose (FPG) and HbA1c. Based on the blood tests results, participants were classified into three groups; diabetic, pre-diabetic and normal. The incidence of diabetes and prediabetes was calculated for the whole cohort. Clinical, biochemical, and sociodemographic predictors of glucose intolerance were compared between the three groups. Risk factors with P-value less than 0.05 were tested in multivariate regression model with bootstrapping to calculate the relative risk (RR) and its 95% Bias corrected Confidence Interval (C.I.) Results From the sub-cohort, 407 women fulfilled the inclusion criteria and agreed to participate in the study. From the study participants; 250 (61.4%) women were normoglycemic, 142 (35%) women had prediabetes and 15 (3.6%) women were diabetic. Following multivariable regression analysis only history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), (RR 1.74, 95% CI (1.06 to 2.84), P = 0.01), obesity (RR 1.69, 95% CI (1.01-3.11), P = 0.04) and diastolic blood pressure, (RR 1.04, 95% CI (1.01-1.09), P = 0.03) remained as predictors of postpartum glucose intolerance. Conclusion The incidence of postpartum glucose intolerance (diabetes and prediabetes) is very high in Saudi women. Both GDM and obesity are strong predictors of glucose intolerance.
Pregnancy Outcomes in Women with Spinal Cord Injuries: A Population-Based Study; Background: Pregnant women with congenital or acquired spinal cord injury face challenges due to compromised neurologic function and mobility, factors that may also affect fetal/infant health. Few studies have examined pregnancy course and longer-term out-comes in this population. Objective: To assess pregnancy outcomes among women with spinal cord injury, paralysis, or spina bifida using population-based data. Design: Retrospective cohort study. Setting: Washington state linked birth-hospital discharge records. Participants: All women (N = 529) with spinal cord injury, paralysis, or spina bifida with singleton live birth deliveries 1987-2012, and a comparison group of women without disabilities (N = 5282). Methods: Diagnosis codes were screened to identify cases and a 10:1 random sample of comparison women. Relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (Cis) were calculated overall and separately for each condition using multivariable regression. Subsequent hospitalizations or death were identified via linkage to hospital discharge/death records for 2 years after delivery. Main Outcome Measurements: Pregnancy course (weight gain, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, infection, venous thromboembolism), delivery/labor characteristics, infant characteristics (birthweight/size, gestational age), and longer-term outcomes (occurrence/reasons for maternal/infant rehospitalization, mortality). Results: Women with these spinal conditions had increased adjusted risks of prenatal urinary tract infection/pyelonephritis (RR 26.43, 95% CI 13.97-49.99), venous thromboembolism (RR 9.16, 95% CI 2.17-38.60), preterm rupture of membranes (RR 2.15, 95% CI 1.18-3.90), and cesarean delivery (RR 1.88, 95% CI 1.70-2.09). They had longer hospitalizations and increased rehospitalization (RR 1.54, 95% CI 1.28-1.87), including for postpartum depression (RR 8.15, 4.29-15.48) or injury (RR 13.05, 95% CI 6.60-25.81). Their infants were more often small for gestational age (RR 1.65, 95% CI 1.33-2.06), but had no increased risk of rehospitalization or death. Conclusions: We observed no increased long-term morbidity among infants of women with these conditions. Possible increased maternal morbidities during the first postpartum years indicate areas for intervention.
Management of Obstructive Sleep Apnea in Pregnancy; The spectrum of sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) ranges from mild snoring to obstructive sleep apnea, the most severe form of SDB. Current recommendations are to treat these women with continuous positive airway pressure despite limited data. SDB in early and mid pregnancy is associated with preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Pregnant women with a diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnea at delivery were at significantly increased risk of having cardiomyopathy, congestive heart failure, pulmonary embolism, and in-hospital death. These effects were exacerbated in the presence of obesity. Postpartum, these women are at risk for respiratory suppression and should be monitored.
Cardiovascular Risk Screening and Pregnancy Complications: A Comparison of Two Canadian Maternal Health Clinic Populations; Objective: This study compared pregnancy-related cardiovascular disease risk indicators between women who attended 2 different postpartum screening and education clinics: 1 at an urban tertiary care centre and 1 at a northern, rural community hospital. Risk differences associated with ethnicity were also examined. Methods: We conducted a retrospective record review that compared data from an urban clinic in Kingston, Ontario (n = 675) with those from a rural clinic in Prince Rupert, British Columbia (n = 65). Patients who had a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, idiopathic preterm birth, or placental abruption attended the clinics at 6 months postpartum. Demographic information, personal and family history, physical examination findings, and laboratory results were collected and used to generate cardiovascular risk estimates using validated scoring systems. These estimates were compared between clinic populations and between ethnic subsets. Results: Fifty-five percent of the Prince Rupert cohort were Indigenous, while 87% of the Kingston cohort were White (P < 0.001). A greater proportion of the Kingston cohort had experienced hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (P = 0.002), while a greater proportion of the Prince Rupert cohort had developed gestational diabetes (P=0.010). The Prince Rupert population had higher lifetime and 30-year cardiovascular disease risk scores (P = 0.008 and P = 0.005, respectively). Indigenous patients had more major cardiovascular risk factors as well as higher lifetime and 30-year cardiovascular risk scores (P = 0.001 and P = 0.008, respectively) than White and Asian patients. Conclusion: The increased cardiovascular disease risk in both rural and Indigenous women supports the need for better postpartum care, long-term follow-up, and early promotion of cardiovascular health in these populations. (C) 2021 The Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada/La Societe des obstetriciens et gynecologues du Canada. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Maternal use of a diet rich omega-3 from flaxseed improves aortic remodeling but not the biochemical parameters of female offspring of diabetic rats; The aim of this paper was to evaluate the influence of flaxseed flour and flaxseed oil on biochemical parameters and aortic morphology of the offspring of type 2 diabetic rats. Rats were induced into diabetes by a high fat diet and streptozotocin (STZ) (35mg/kg). After confirming the diagnosis of diabetes, they were mated and, when gestation was confirmed, were divided into four groups: control group (CG), high fat group (HFG), flaxseed oil group (FOG), and flaxseed flour group (FFG). After weaning, six females from each group were separated and were fed a commercial diet until 100 days of age, when they were sacrificed. It was observed that experimental diets did not affect monocyte chemotactic protein 1 (MCP-1) concentration, cholesterol, triglycerides and VLDL. On the other hand, the concentration of VEGF was higher in HFG and FOG groups in comparison to CG. The thickness values of the aorta were significantly smaller in FOG and FFG, and the lumen area was the same among the CG, HFG, and FFG, while the FOG showed a smaller lumen area when compared to CG and HFG. The data here suggest that a diet rich in flaxseed flour and flaxseed oil reduces the remodeling of the aorta, even though it did not modify cardiovascular biochemical parameters. Practical applications: The results help explain how the use of omega-3 rich diet decreases the impact of gestational diabetes on cardiac risk of offspring.
TyGIS: improved triglyceride-glucose index for the assessment of insulin sensitivity during pregnancy; Background The triglyceride-glucose index (TyG) has been proposed as a surrogate marker of insulin resistance, which is a typical trait of pregnancy. However, very few studies analyzed TyG performance as marker of insulin resistance in pregnancy, and they were limited to insulin resistance assessment at fasting rather than in dynamic conditions, i.e., during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), which allows more reliable assessment of the actual insulin sensitivity impairment. Thus, first aim of the study was exploring in pregnancy the relationships between TyG and OGTT-derived insulin sensitivity. In addition, we developed a new version of TyG, for improved performance as marker of insulin resistance in pregnancy. Methods At early pregnancy, a cohort of 109 women underwent assessment of maternal biometry and blood tests at fasting, for measurements of several variables (visit 1). Subsequently (26 weeks of gestation) all visit 1 analyses were repeated (visit 2), and a subgroup of women (84 selected) received a 2 h-75 g OGTT (30, 60, 90, and 120 min sampling) with measurement of blood glucose, insulin and C-peptide for reliable assessment of insulin sensitivity (PREDIM index) and insulin secretion/beta-cell function. The dataset was randomly split into 70% training set and 30% test set, and by machine learning approach we identified the optimal model, with TyG included, showing the best relationship with PREDIM. For inclusion in the model, we considered only fasting variables, in agreement with TyG definition. Results The relationship of TyG with PREDIM was weak. Conversely, the improved TyG, called TyGIS, (linear function of TyG, body weight, lean body mass percentage and fasting insulin) resulted much strongly related to PREDIM, in both training and test sets (R-2 > 0.64, p < 0.0001). Bland-Altman analysis and equivalence test confirmed the good performance of TyGIS in terms of association with PREDIM. Different further analyses confirmed TyGIS superiority over TyG. Conclusions We developed an improved version of TyG, as new surrogate marker of insulin sensitivity in pregnancy (TyGIS). Similarly to TyG, TyGIS relies only on fasting variables, but its performances are remarkably improved than those of TyG.
Sex- and gender-aspects in regard to clinical practice recommendations for pre-diabetes and diabetes; Metabolic diseases dramatically affect life of men and women from infancy up to old age and are a major challenge for clinicians. Health professionals are confronted with different needs of women and men. This article aims at an increase of gender awareness and the implementation of current knowledge of gender medicine in daily clinical practice with regard to prediabetes and diabetes. Sex and gender affect screening and diagnosis of metabolic diseases as well as treatment strategies and outcome. Impaired glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution are related to steroid hormones and therefore impose their influence on cardiovascular health in both men and women. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors relate to development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at younger age and at lower BMI compared to women, but women feature a dramatic increase of their cardiometabolic risk after menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with higher increase of vascular death in women, but higher increase of cancer death in men. In women pre-diabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavourable changes of coagulation and blood pressure. Pre-diabetic and diabetic women are at much higher relative risk for vascular disease. Women are more often obese and less physically active, but may even have greater benefit from increased physical activity than males. Whereas men predominantly feature impaired fasting glucose, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or the presence of a PCOS or increased androgen levels in women, on the other hand the presence of erectile dysfunction (ED) or decreased testosterone levels in men are sex specific risk factors for diabetes development. ED is a common feature of obese men with the Metabolic Syndrome and an important predictor of cardiovascular disease. Diabetic women also feature sexual dysfunctions much more frequently than non-diabetic women which should be addressed in clinical care. Several studies showed that diabetic women reach their targets of metabolic control (HbA1c), blood pressure and LDL-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons for worse treatment outcome in diabetic females are not clear. Furthermore, sex differences in action, pharmacokinetics, and side effects of pharmacological therapy have to be taken into account.
Assessment of a personalized and distributed patient guidance system; Objectives: The MobiGuide project aimed to establish a ubiquitous, user-friendly, patient-centered mobile decision-support system for patients and for their care providers, based on the continuous application of clinical guidelines and on semantically integrated electronic health records. Patients would be empowered by the system, which would enable them to lead their normal daily lives in their regular environment, while feeling safe, because their health state would be continuously monitored using mobile sensors and self-reporting of symptoms. When conditions occur that require medical attention, patients would be notified as to what they need to do, based on evidence-based guidelines, while their medical team would be informed appropriately, in parallel. We wanted to assess the system's feasibility and potential effects on patients and care providers in two different clinical domains. Materials and methods: We describe MobiGuide's architecture, which embodies these objectives. Our novel methodologies include a ubiquitous architecture, encompassing a knowledge elicitation process for parallel coordinated workflows for patients and care providers; the customization of computer interpretable guidelines (CIGs) by secondary contexts affecting remote management and distributed decision-making; a mechanism for episodic, on demand projection of the relevant portions of CIGs from a centralized, backend decision-support system (DSS), to a local, mobile DSS, which continuously delivers the actual recommendations to the patient; shared decision-making that embodies patient preferences; semantic data integration; and patient and care provider notification services. MobiGuide has been implemented and assessed in a preliminary fashion in two domains: atrial fibrillation (AF), and gestational diabetes Mellitus (GDM). Ten AF patients used the AF MobiGuide system in Italy and 19 GDM patients used the GDM MobiGuide system in Spain. The evaluation of the MobiGuide system focused on patient and care providers' compliance to CIG recommendations and their satisfaction and quality of life. Results: Our evaluation has demonstrated the system's capability for supporting distributed decision making and its use by patients and clinicians. The results show that compliance of GDM patients to the most important monitoring targets-blood glucose levels (performance of four measurements a day: 0.87 +/- 0.11; measurement according to the recommended frequency of every day or twice a week: 0.99 +/- 0.03), ketonuria (0.98 +/- 0.03), and blood pressure (0.82 +/- 0.24) - was high in most GDM patients, while compliance of AF patients to the most important targets was quite high, considering the required ECG measurements (0.65 +/- 0.28) and blood-pressure measurements (0.75 +/- 1.33). This outcome was viewed by the clinicians as a major potential benefit of the system, and the patients have demonstrated that they are capable of self-monitoring - something that they had not experienced before. In addition, the system caused the clinicians managing the AF patients to change their diagnosis and subsequent treatment for two of the ten AF patients, and caused the clinicians managing the GDM patients to start insulin therapy earlier in two of the 19 patients, based on system's recommendations. Based on the end-of-study questionnaires, the sense of safety that the system has provided to the patients was its greatest asset. Analysis of the patients' quality of life (QoL) questionnaires for the AF patients was inconclusive, because while most patients reported an improvement in their quality of life in the EuroQoL questionnaire, most AF patients reported a deterioration in the AFEQT questionnaire. Discussion: Feasibility and some of the potential benefits of an evidence-based distributed patient guidance system were demonstrated in both clinical domains. The potential application of MobiGuide to other medical domains is supported by its standards-based patient health record with multiple electronic medical record linking capabilities, generic data insertion methods, generic medical knowledge representation and application methods, and the ability to communicate with a wide range of sensors. Future larger scale evaluations can assess the impact of such a system on clinical outcomes. Conclusion: MobiGuide's feasibility was demonstrated by a working prototype for the AF and GDM domains, which is usable by patients and clinicians, achieving high compliance to self-measurement recommendations, while enhancing the satisfaction of patients and care providers. (c) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Maternal obesity induced metabolic disorders in offspring and myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulation; Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes are associated with childhood obesity and increased cardiovascular risk. In this review, we will discuss and summarize extensive clinical and experimental studies that metabolically imbalanced environment exposure in early life plays a critical role in influencing later susceptibility to chronic inflammatory diseases and metabolic syndrome. The effect of maternal obesity and metabolic disorders, including gestational diabetes cause Large-for-gestational-age (LGA) children to link future development of adverse health issues such as obesity, atherosclerosis, hypertension, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by immune reprogramming to adverse micro-environment. This review also addresses intrauterine environment-driven myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulations and the epigenetic markers as an underlying mechanism. This will facilitate future investigations regarding maternal-to-fetal immune regulation and the epigenetic mechanisms of obesity and cardiovascular diseases.
Maternal Diabetes, Birth Weight, and Neonatal Risk of Congenital Heart Defects in Norway, 1994-2009; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between pregestational or gestational diabetes and offspring risk of congenital heart defects and the association between large-for-gestational-age birth weight and risk of cardiac defects in offspring of diabetic women. METHODS: Information on pregestational and gestational diabetes, cardiac defects, and birth weight among all births in Norway in 1994-2009 was ascertained from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway, national health registries, and the Cardiovascular Disease in Norway project. The relative risk (RR) compared offspring risk of cardiac defects for maternal diabetes with offspring risk in nondiabetic mothers adjusted for year of birth, maternal age, and parity. RESULTS: Among 914,427 births (live births, stillbirths, terminated pregnancies), 5,618 (0.61%) were complicated by maternal pregestational diabetes and 9,726 (1.06%) by gestational diabetes. Congenital heart defects were identified in 10,575 offspring. The prevalence of cardiac defects differed between groups: 344 of 10,000 births to women with pregestational diabetes, 172 of 10,000 to women with gestational diabetes, and 114 of 10,000 in women without diabetes (adjusted RRs 2.92, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.54-3.36 and 1.47, 95% CI 1.26-1.71). During the study period, the adjusted RRs for congenital heart defects did not change. The risk of cardiac defects in neonates very large for gestational age (birth weight greater than 3 standard deviations above the mean) was compared with neonates with birth weight appropriate for gestational age. For pregestational diabetes, the prevalences of offspring cardiac defects were 561 compared with 248 per 10,000 births (adjusted RR 2.23, 95% CI 1.39-3.59) and for gestational diabetes 388 compared with 132 per 10,000 (adjusted RR 2.73, 95% CI 1.53-4.85). CONCLUSION: The increased risk of having a child with a congenital heart defect has not changed for diabetic women in Norway since 1994. Among women with pregestational or gestational diabetes, having a large-for-gestational-age neonate was associated with a two- to threefold increased risk of cardiac defects compared with neonates with normal birth weight.
Burden of multiple high-risk factors in pregnancy before and after the universal two-child policy in Chinese women: An observational study; Background The prevalence of high-risk pregnancy increased after the implementation of two-child policy in China, but the impact of this policy change on the burden and profile of multiple high-risk factors in pregnancy (MHFP) has been insufficiently explored. We hypothesised that the profile of MHFP might have changed after the two-child policy was implemented and aimed to estimate the prevalence, intercorrelation, and outcomes of MHFP before and after its introduction. Methods We obtained data on the population of pregnant women before (2015) and after (2020/2021) the implementation of universal two-child policy in Huai'an. We then included 33 risk factors in our analysis based on the Five-Colour Management framework and defined MHFP as an individual having two or more of these factors. We also estimated the changes of the prevalence of each single factor and their coexistence. Lastly, we performed a network analysis to assess the intercorrelations across these factors and used logistic regression models to evaluate MHFP-related pregnancy outcomes. Results We observed an increase in the prevalence of MHFP after the implementation of the universal two-child policy (25.8% in 2015 vs 38.4% in 2020/2021, P < 0.01). Chronic conditions (e.g. gestational diabetes mellitus, abnormal body mass index) had the largest increase among the included factors, while cardiovascular disease and hypertensive disorders were central factors of the network structures. The correlations of advanced maternal age with abnormal pregnancy histories and scarred uteri increased significantly from 2015 to 2020/2021. MHFP was associated with multiple pregnancy outcomes, including preterm birth (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) = 2.57; 95% confidence interval (CI) = 2.39-2.75), low birthweight (aOR = 2.77; 95% CI = 2.54-3.02), low Apgar score (aOR = 1.41; 95% CI = 1.19-1.67), perinatal death (aOR = 1.75; 95% CI = 1.44-2.12), and neonatal death (aOR = 1.76; 95% CI = 1.42-2.18). Moreover, an increasing number and certain combinations of MHFP were associated with higher odds of pregnancy outcomes. For example, the aOR of preterm birth increased from 1.67 (95% CI = 1.52-1.87) for one risk factor to 8.03 (95% CI = 6.99-9.22) for >= 4 risk factors. Conclusions Chinese women experienced a higher burden of multiple high- risk factors after the introduction of the two-child policy, particularly those with advanced maternal age, obesity, and chronic conditions. Strategies targeting chronic conditions for women with MHFP should be prioritised and a shift to a multiple-factor-oriented framework is needed in the expanding Chinese maternal health care system.
Gestational Age, Infant Birth Weight, and Subsequent Risk of Type 2 Diabetes in Mothers: Nurses' Health Study II; Introduction Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM); however, little is known about the association between other common pregnancy complications (eg, preterm birth, macrosomia) and T2DM risk. We examined the associations between first-pregnancy preterm, postterm birth, low birth weight, and macrosomia with subsequent risk of T2DM. Methods We conducted a prospective cohort study of Nurses' Health Study II (NHSII) participants; 51,728 women in the study had a single live birth and complete pregnancy history. NHSII confirmed incident diabetes mellitus through supplemental questionnaires. Participants were followed from year of first birth until 2005. We defined gestational age as very preterm (20 to <= 32 weeks), moderate preterm (33 to <= 37 weeks), term (38 to <= 42 weeks), and postterm (>= 43 weeks). We defined low birth weight as an infant born at term weighing less than 5.5 pounds, and we defined macrosomia as an infant born at term weighing 10 pounds or more. We used Cox proportional hazards models, adjusting for potential confounders. Results Women with a very preterm birth (2%) had an increased T2DM risk (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.34; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.05-1.71). This increased risk emerged in the decade following pregnancy. Macrosomia (1.5%) was associated with a 1.61 increased T2DM risk, after adjusting for risk factors, including GDM (95% CI, 1.24-2.08). This association was apparent within the first 5 years after pregnancy. Moderate preterm and term low birth weight did not significantly increase the risk of T2DM over the 35-year follow-up time. Conclusion Women who experienced a very preterm birth or had an infant that weighed 10 pounds or more may benefit from lifestyle intervention to reduce T2DM risk. If replicated, these findings could lead to a reduced risk of T2DM through improved primary care for women experiencing a preterm birth or an infant of nonnormal birth weight.
Exercise as a therapeutic intervention to optimize fetal weight; The Developmental Origins of Health and Disease suggest the in utero environment programs offspring obesity and cardiovascular disease. Therefore, there is a need to implement safe therapeutic interventions that do not involve the intake of medications or biological products during pregnancy that can improve maternal and fetal health. Prenatal exercise is established to promote maternal and fetal health. It is generally recommended that women accumulate at least 150 min per week of moderate-intensity exercise. It has been demonstrated that prenatal exercise maintains healthy weight gain and improves maternal glucose control, maternal cardiac autonomic control, placental efficiency (increases angiogenesis, downregulates genes involved in fatty acid transport and insulin transport across the placenta, and upregulates genes involved in amino acid transport across the placenta), and oxidative stress. These adaptations following exercise improve maternal metabolism and provide adequate uteroplacental perfusion. In this review, we will focus on exercise as a therapeutic intervention to optimize fetal weight. It has been established that prenatal exercise does not increase the risk of having a small for gestational age baby. To the contrary, prenatal exercise has been associated with the prevention of excessive fat accumulation in the newborn and the maintenance of fetal muscle mass.
A meta-analysis into the mediatory effects of family planning utilization on complications of pregnancy in women of reproductive age; Background Despite conflicting findings in the current literature regarding the correlation between contraceptives and maternal health consequences, statistical analyses indicate that family planning may decrease the occurrence of such outcomes. Consequently, it is crucial to assess the capability of family planning to mitigate adverse maternal health outcomes. Objectives This review investigates the effects of modern contraceptive use on maternal health. Search methods This systematic review is registered on Prospero (CRD42022332783). We searched numerous databases with an upper date limit of February 2022 and no geographical boundaries. Selection criteria We included observational studies, including cross-sectional, cohort, case-control studies, and non-RCT with a comparison group. We excluded systematic reviews, scoping reviews, narrative reviews, and meta-analyses from the body of this review. Main results The review included nineteen studies, with five studies reporting a reduction in maternal mortality linked to increased access to family planning resources and contraceptive use. Another three studies examined the impact of contraception on the risk of preeclampsia and our analysis found that preeclampsia risk was lower by approximately 6% among contraceptive users (95% CI 0.82-1.13) compared to non-users. Two studies assessed the effect of hormonal contraceptives on postpartum glucose tolerance and found that low-androgen contraception was associated with a reduced risk of gestational diabetes (OR 0.84, 95% CI 0.58-1.22), while DMPA injection was possibly linked to a higher risk of falling glucose status postpartum (OR 1.42, 95% CI 0.85-2.36). Two studies evaluated high-risk pregnancies and births in contraceptive users versus non-users, with the risk ratio being 30% lower among contraceptive users of any form (95% CI 0.61, 0.80). None of these results were statistically significant except the latter. In terms of adverse maternal health outcomes, certain contraceptives were found to be associated with ectopic pregnancy and pregnancy-related venous thromboembolism through additional analysis.
Aortopulmonary window and coronary anatomy - still a pre-operative diagnostic trouble!; We present a case of aortopulmonary window in which the diagnosis of anomalous left coronary artery originating from pulmonary artery was made intra-operatively even if the coronary arteries anatomy was correctly studied pre-operatively with echocardiography. No evidence of coronary anomalies or indirect sings of coronary anomalies has been noted. Should we improve our pre-operative diagnostic accuracy and how?
Left atrial strain assessment unveils left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in neonates with transient tachypnea of the newborn: A prospective observational study; Introduction: An inadequate clearance of lung fluid plays a key role in the pathogenesis of transient tachypnea of the newborn (TTN). Objectives: To evaluate if left ventricular diastolic dysfunction contributes to reduced clearance of lung fluid in TTN. Materials and Methods: This was a prospective, observational study. Echocardiography and lung ultrasound were performed at 2, 24 and 48 h of life (HoL) to assess biventricular function and calculate lung ultrasound score (LUS). Left atrial strain reservoir (LASr) provided surrogate measurement of left ventricular diastolic function. Results: Twenty-seven neonates with TTN were compared with 27 controls with no difference in gestation (36.1 +/- 2 vs. 36.9 +/- 2 weeks) or birthweight (2508 +/- 667 vs. 2718 +/- 590 g). Biventricular systolic function was normal in both groups. LASr was significantly lower in cases at 2 (21.0 +/- 2.7 vs. 38.1 +/- 4.4; p < 0.01), 24 (25.2 +/- 4.5 vs. 40.6 +/- 4.0; p < 0.01) and 48 HoL (36.5 +/- 5.8 and 41.6 +/- 5.2; p < 0.01), resulting in a significant group by time interaction (p < 0.001), after adjusting for LUS and gestational diabetes. A logistic regression model including LUS, birth weight and gestational diabetes as covariates, showed that LASr at 2 HoL was a predictor of respiratory support at 24 HoL, with an adjusted odds ratio of 0.60 (CI 0.36-0.99). Conclusions: LASr was reduced in neonates with TTN, suggesting diastolic dysfunction, that may contribute to the delay in lung fluid clearance.
The relationship between the oxidative stress and the cardiac hypertrophy in infants of diabetic mothers; Recently, oxidative stress was suggested to play a role in maternal and fetal complications of diabetic pregnancies. The aim of this study is to evaluate the global oxidant and antioxidant status in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) via measurement of total antioxidant capacity (TAC) and total oxidant status (TOS) and to determine their association with the clinical and cardiac manifestations of gestational diabetes on infants. Forty five infants constituted the IDM group, 51 infants born to non diabetic mothers served as the control group. Umbilical cord blood was drawn from IDM and controls for TAC and TOS measurement. Echocardiographic measurements were performed in the first three days of life. Infants of diabetic mother had significantly higher TAC (p = 0.024), TOS (p = 0.03) and oxidative stress index (OSI, p = 0.04) levels compared to controls. Hemoglobin values were correlated to TOS (r = 0.310, p = 0.03) and OSI (r = 0.310, p = 0.03). Maternal HbA1c values were also correlated to TOS (r = 0.576, p = 0.001) and OSI (r = 0.606, p < 0.001). Systolic and diastolic interventicular septum measurements, and left ventricular mass were also correlated with TOS (r = 0.330, p = 0.02; r = 0.453, p = 0.002; r = 0.404, p = 0.006, respectively) and OSI (r = 0.330, p = 0.02; r = 0.300, p = 0.04, r = 0.300; p = 0.04, respectively). Oxidant-antioxidant balance is disturbed in favor of oxidants in IDM despite compensatory increase in TAC. The degree of oxidative stress is related to the severity of myocardial and hematological involvement in IDM in the first days of life and maternal glycemic control. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Influences of pre- and postnatal nutritional exposures on vascular/endocrine systems in animals; Human epidemiological and animal studies have revealed the long-term effects of malnutrition during gestation and early life on the health of the offspring. The aim of the current review is to survey the different means of achieving fetal malnutrition and its consequences, mainly in animals, and to identify key areas in which to direct future research. We address the impact of various models of a maternal protein-restricted diet and global maternal caloric restriction (either through the reduction of nutrient supply or through mechanic devices), the influence of maternal diabetes, and other maternal causes of fetal damage (maternal infections and toxic food components). More specifically we enumerate data on how the different insults at different prenatal and early postnatal periods affect and program the development and the function of organs involved in diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. Particular emphasis is given to the endocrine pancreas, but insulin-sensitive tissues, kidneys, and vasculature are also analyzed. Where available, the protective effects of maternal food supplementation for fetal organ development and function are discussed. Specific attention is paid to the amino acids profile, and the preventive role of taurine is discussed. Tentative indications about critical time windows for fetal development under different deleterious conditions are presented whenever possible. We also discuss future research and intervention.
Social Determinants of Health and Cerebral Small Vessel Disease: Is Epigenetics a Key Mediator?; Cerebral small vessel disease is highly prevalent, particularly in marginalized communities, and its incidence is expected to increase given the aging global population. Cerebral small vessel disease contributes to risk for stroke, vascular cognitive impairment and dementia, late-life depression, and gait disorders. A growing body of evidence suggests that adverse outcomes, including cerebral small vessel disease, caused by traditional cardiovascular risk factors are at least partly mediated by epigenetic changes, some of them already beginning during fetal development. Societal and health care access inequities, summarized under the umbrella term social determinants of health, put a higher burden of cardiovascular risk factors on marginalized populations and expose them to an increased risk for adverse outcomes. Social epigenetics has begun to deliver solid evidence that social determinants of health lead to distinct epigenetic signatures that potentially mediate the biological effect of environmental exposures on cardiovascular risk factors. Here, we provide a review of the most recent advances in the epigenetics of cerebral small vessel disease risk factors and social determinants of health and call for research efforts combining insights from both fields to reach a deeper understanding of the causal pathways, ultimately facilitating discovery of new treatment targets for a disease whose burden is magnified by existing health disparities.
Fetal cardiac remodeling in twin pregnancy conceived by assisted reproductive technology; Objective Recent data suggest that singleton fetuses conceived by assisted reproductive technology (ART) present cardiovascular remodeling that may persist postnatally. Twin pregnancies are more frequent in the ART population and are associatedwith increased adverse perinatal outcomes, such as hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes and preterm birth. However, it is unknown whether cardiac remodeling is also present in twin pregnancies conceived by ART. Our aim was to assess the presence of fetal cardiac remodeling and dysfunction in twin pregnancies conceived by ART as compared with those conceived spontaneously (SC). Methods This was a prospective cohort study including 50 dichorionic twin fetuses conceived by ART and 50 SC twin fetuses. The study protocol included collection of baseline/perinatal data and a fetal ultrasound examination at 28-30 weeks' gestation, including assessment of estimated fetal weight, fetoplacental Doppler and fetal echocardiography. Measurements of atrial area, atrial/heart ratio, ventricular sphericity index, free wall thickness, mitral and tricuspid annular plane systolic excursions, and systolic and early diastolic peak velocities were assessed. Multilevel analyses were used to compare perinatal and ultrasonographic parameters. Comparisons of echocardiographic variables were adjusted for parental age, paternal body mass index and incidence of pre-eclampsia. Results Compared with SC twins, ART twin fetuses showed significant cardiac changes, predominantly affecting the right heart, such as dilated atria (right atrial/heart area: 15.7 +/- 3.1 vs 18.4 +/- 3.2, P < 0.001), more globular ventricles (right ventricular sphericity index: 1.57 +/- 0.25 vs 1.41 +/- 0.23, P= 0.001) and thicker myocardial walls (septal wall thickness: 2.57 +/- 0.45mm vs 2.84 +/- 0.41 mm, P= 0.034) together with reduced longitudinal motion (tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion: 6.36 +/- 0.89mm vs 5.18 +/- 0.93 mm, P < 0.001). Conclusions ART twin fetuses present signs of cardiac remodeling and dysfunction. These changes are similar to those observed in ART singletons and reinforce the concept of fetal cardiac programing in ART. These results open opportunities for early detection and intervention in infants conceived by ART. Copyright (C) 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
THE PROBLEM OF GRANDMULTIPARITY IN CURRENT OBSTETRIC PRACTICE; A retrospective analysis of 646 Arab grandmultiparas who booked for hospital confinement between 1983 and 1985 was carried out. The results were compared with that of non-grandmultipars during the same period. In the grandmultiparas, the incidences of gestational diabetes, hypertension, rheumatic heart disease, antepartum, postpartum hemorrhage and macrosomic infants were increased. However, contrary to some previous reports the incidences of anemia, cesarean sections, induced labor, dysmaturity and perinatal deaths were decreased. This is thought to be due to the provision of modern specialist perinatal care and improved socioeconomic standards.
Prepregnancy Healthy Lifestyle and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of healthy lifestyle factors before pregnancy (body mass index [BMI] 18.5-24.9, nonsmoking, 150 min/wk or more of moderate-to-vigorous physical activity, healthy eating [top 40% of Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension score], no or low-to-moderate alcohol intake [less than 15 g/d], and use of multivitamins) with risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes.METHODS: We conducted a secondary analysis of prospectively collected data for women without chronic diseases who are participating in an ongoing cohort in the United States (the NHSII [Nurses' Health Study II]). Healthy lifestyle factors preceding pregnancy were prospectively assessed every 2-4 years from 1991 to 2009 with validated measures. Reproductive history was self-reported in 2001 and 2009. A composite outcome of adverse pregnancy outcomes that included miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, preterm birth, stillbirth, or low birth weight was assessed.RESULTS: Overall, 15,509 women with 27,135 pregnancies were included. The mean maternal age was 35.1 +/- 4.2 years. Approximately one in three pregnancies (n=9,702, 35.8%) was complicated by one or more adverse pregnancy outcomes. The combination of six low-risk factors was inversely associated with risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes in a dose-dependent manner (P for trend <.001). Compared with women who had zero or one healthy lifestyle factor, those with six had a 37% lower risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes (relative risk 0.63, 95% CI 0.55-0.72), driven primarily by lower risks of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and low birth weight. All prepregnancy healthy lifestyle factors, except avoiding harmful alcohol consumption and regular physical activity, were independently associated with lower risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes after mutual adjustment for each other. Healthy BMI, high-quality diet, and multivitamin supplementation showed the strongest inverse associations with adverse pregnancy outcomes. If the observed relationships were causal, 19% of adverse pregnancy outcomes could have been prevented by the adoption of all six healthy lifestyle factors (population attributable risk 19%, 95% CI 13-26%).CONCLUSION: Prepregnancy healthy lifestyle is associated with a substantially lower risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and could be an effective intervention for the prevention of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Type 1 Diabetes in Pregnancy: A Review of Complications and Management; Background: Pre-gestational diabetes can pose significant risk to the mother and infant, thus requiring careful counselling and management. Since Saint Vincent's declaration in 1989, adverse maternal and fetal outcomes, such as preeclampsia, perinatal mortality, congenital anomalies, and macrosomia, continue to be associated with type 1 diabetes. Although pregnancy is not considered an independent risk factor for the development of new onset microvascular complications, it is known to exacerbate pre-existing microvascular disease. Strict glycaemic control is the optimal management for pre-existing type 1 diabetes in pregnancy, as raised HbA1C is associated with increased risk of maternal and fetal complications. More recently, time in range on Continuous Glucose Monitoring glucose profiles has emerged as another useful evidence-based marker of fetal outcomes. Objectives: This review summarises the complications associated with pre-gestational type 1 diabetes, appropriate evidence-based management, including preparing for pregnancy, intrapartum and postpartum care. Methods: A structured search of the PubMed and Cochrane databases was conducted. Peer-reviewed articles about complications and management guidelines on pre-gestational type 1 diabetes were selected and critically appraised. Results: One hundred and twenty-three manuscripts were referenced and appraised in this review, and international guidelines were summarised. Conclusion: This review provides a comprehensive overview of the recurring themes in the literature pertaining to type 1 diabetes in pregnancy: maternal and fetal complications, microvascular disease progression, and an overview of current guideline-specific management.
The Impact of a Lifestyle Intervention on Postpartum Cardiometabolic Risk Factors Among Hispanic Women With Abnormal Glucose Tolerance During Pregnancy : Secondary Analysis of a Randomized Trial; Background: Women with abnormal glucose tolerance during pregnancy are at risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD), with higher rates among Hispanics. However, studies on the impact of lifestyle interventions on postpartum CVD profiles are sparse. Methods: This is a secondary analysis of a controlled trial among a subsample of Hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance participating in Estudio PARTO (Project Aiming to Reduce Type twO diabetes; mean age = 28.2 y, SD: 5.8) who were randomized to a culturally modified Lifestyle intervention (n = 45) or a comparison Health and Wellness intervention (n = 55). Primary endpoints were biomarkers of cardiovascular risk (lipids, C-reactive protein, fetuin-A, and albumin-to-creatinine ratio) and insulin resistance (fasting insulin, glucose, HbA1c, homeostasis model assessment, leptin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and adiponectin) measured at baseline (6-wk postpartum) and 6 and 12 months. Results: In intent-to-treat analyses, there were no significant differences in changes in biomarkers of CVD risk or insulin resistance over the postpartum year. In prespecified sensitivity analyses, women adherent with the Lifestyle Intervention had more favorable improvements in insulin (intervention effect = -4.87, SE: 1.93, P = .01) and HOMA-IR (intervention effect = -1.15, SE: 0.53, P = .03) compared with the Health and Wellness arm. In pooled analyses, regardless of intervention arm, women with higher postpartum sports/exercise had greater increase in HDL-cholesterol (intervention effect = 6.99, SE: 1.72, P = .0001). Conclusions: In this randomized controlled trial among Hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance, we did not observe a significant effect on postpartum biomarkers of CVD risk or insulin resistance. Women adherent to the intervention had more favorable changes in insulin and HOMA-IR.
Reproductive history and blood cell DNA methylation later in life: the Young Finns Study; Background Women with a history of complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes or an infant fetal growth restriction or preterm birth, are at higher risk for cardiovascular disease later in life. We aimed to examine differences in maternal DNA methylation following pregnancy complications. Methods Data on women participating in the Young Finns study (n = 836) were linked to the national birth registry. DNA methylation in whole blood was assessed using the Infinium Methylation EPIC BeadChip. Epigenome-wide analysis was conducted on differential CpG methylation at 850 K sites. Reproductive history was also modeled as a predictor of four epigenetic age indices. Results Fourteen significant differentially methylated sites were found associated with both history of pre-eclampsia and overall hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. No associations were found between reproductive history and any epigenetic age acceleration measure. Conclusions Differences in epigenetic methylation profiles could represent pre-existing risk factors, or changes that occurred as a result of experiencing these complications.
How are we diagnosing cardiometabolic risk in primary care settings?; Aims: To assess attitudes, barriers and practices of clinicians in assessing and treating cardiometabolic risk in overweight adults. Methods: In 2006, primary care physicians and mid-level practitioners in Montana were surveyed (N=430). Results: Most primary care clinicians (95%) recognized the clinical benefit of weight loss, but many cited patient motivation (87%), lack of support services (61%), and lack of time (58%) as barriers. Over 80% identified obesity, hypertension, abnormal lipids, history of gestational diabetes, and family history as indications for diabetes screening. Most clinicians used fasting glucose (89%), random glucose (58%), and A1c (42%) as initial screens for diabetes. To confirm the diagnosis, the majority of respondents used A1c testing (80%) or fasting glucose (64%). Approximately one-quarter used the diagnosis pre-diabetes (26%), but just over half (52%) used alternative diagnoses of glucose intolerance. Sixty-five percent used the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome. Of those using metabolic syndrome, mid-level practitioners were more likely than physicians to assess waist circumference (49% vs. 63%). Conclusions: Despite citing significant barriers, clinicians routinely assessed cardiometabolic risk with diabetes screening, but relatively few reported using the diagnosis pre-diabetes. Metabolic syndrome was used commonly to diagnose overweight adults at risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease. (C) 2008 Primary Care Diabetes Europe. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Long-term outcomes and potential mechanisms of offspring exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia; Diabetes mellitus during pregnancy, which can be classified into pregestational diabetes and gestational diabetes, has become much more prevalent worldwide. Maternal diabetes fosters an intrauterine abnormal environment for fetus, which not only influences pregnancy outcomes, but also leads to fetal anomaly and development of diseases in later life, such as metabolic and cardiovascular diseases, neuropsychiatric outcomes, reproduction malformation, and immune dysfunction. The underlying mechanisms are comprehensive and ambiguous, which mainly focus on microbiota, inflammation, reactive oxygen species, cell viability, and epigenetics. This review concluded with the influence of intrauterine hyperglycemia on fetal structure development and organ function on later life and outlined potential mechanisms that underpin the development of diseases in adulthood. Maternal diabetes leaves an effect that continues generations after generations through gametes, thus more attention should be paid to the prevention and treatment of diabetes to rescue the pathological attacks of maternal diabetes from the offspring.
The causal relationship between bacterial pneumonia and diabetes: a two-sample mendelian randomization study; The escalating worldwide occurrence of diabetes mellitus, recognized as a chronic metabolic ailment contributing to an amplified global disease burden, has stimulated researchers to explore its etiology. Consequently, the study employed a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) methodology to examine the causal connection between bacterial pneumonia and diabetes, drawing upon the existing observational study that identified a potential association between bacterial pneumonia and diabetes. Furthermore, MR investigations suggest a reciprocal causal relationship between bacterial pneumonia and gestational diabetes mellitus(GDM), and a plausible causal link between bacterial pneumonia and T1DM.Background: Previous observational studies have established the high prevalence of bacterial pneumonia in diabetic patients, which in turn leads to increased mortality. However, the presence of a causal connection between bacterial pneumonia and diabetes remains unobserved.Methods: We chose genome-wide significant (Rho < 1 x 10(-5 )and Rho < 1 x 10(-6)) and independent (r(2) < 0.001) single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) as instrumental variables (IVs) to proceed a bidirectional two-sample MR study. The extracted SNPs explored the relationship between bacterial pneumonia and diabetes by Inverse variance weighted (IVW), MR-Egger, and weighted median methods. In addition, we conducted the Heterogeneity test, the Pleiotropy test, MR-presso and the Leave-one-out (LOO) sensitivity test to validate the reliability of results.Results: In an MR study with bacterial pneumonia as an exposure factor, four different types of diabetes as outcome. It was observed that bacterial pneumonia increases the incidence of GDM (OR = 1.150 (1.027-1.274, P = 0.011) and T1DM (OR = 1.277 (1.024-1.531), P = 0.016). In the reverse MR analysis, it was observed that GDM (OR = 1.112 (1.023-1.201, P = 0.009) is associated with an elevated risk of bacterial pneumonia. However, no significant association was observed bacterial pneumonia with T1DM and other types of diabetes (P > 0.05).Conclusion: This study utilizing MR methodology yields robust evidence supporting a bidirectional causal association between bacterial pneumonia and GDM. Furthermore, our findings suggest a plausible causal link between bacterial pneumonia and T1DM.
Effect of Postpartum Lifestyle Interventions on Weight Loss, Smoking Cessation, and Prevention of Smoking Relapse: A Systematic Review; Postpartum lifestyle interventions are recommended for women after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, and/or gestational diabetes, since they are at increased cardiovascular risk. To identify potential intervention strategies to reduce this risk, a systematic review of the literature is presented on the effectiveness of postpartum lifestyle interventions aimed at weight loss, smoking cessation, and smoking relapse prevention. The main characteristics of these postpartum lifestyle interventions are briefly described. The PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, PsychInfo, and Cinahl databases were searched for studies on the effects of postpartum lifestyle interventions on weight loss, and smoking cessation or prevention of smoking relapse, initiated for up to 1 year postpartum. No studies on the effectiveness of postpartum lifestyle interventions after the aforementioned specific pregnancy complications were found. However, 21 studies are included that describe existing postpartum lifestyle interventions, which were applied to unselected (on the basis of pregnancy complications) postpartum women. Six of 8 weight loss interventions, 4 of 5 smoking cessation interventions, and 4 of 8 smoking relapse prevention interventions were effective. Individually tailored counseling, group counseling sessions, and use of diaries or other correspondence materials were shown to be effective. Currently, postpartum lifestyle interventions tailored specifically for women who experienced the pregnancy complications are lacking. While awaiting their development, it seems reasonable to utilize existing lifestyle interventions shown to be effective in unselected postpartum women. Learning Objectives: After completion of this educational activity, the obstetrician/gynecologist should be better able to: counsel patients on how to apply existing postpartum lifestyle intervention strategies aimed at weight loss, smoking cessation, and smoking relapse prevention to lower future cardiovascular risk; and educate postpartum women who have experienced preeclampsia, intra-uterine growth restriction, and/or gestational diabetes about their increased cardiovascular risk later in life.
Protective Effects of the Mediterranean Diet on Type 2 Diabetes and Metabolic Syndrome; Several studies provide evidence supporting a beneficial effect from the traditional Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) on the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and metabolic syndrome (MetS). This review summarizes the current scientific evidence from epidemiologic studies and clinical trials on the relation between the MedDiet and T2DM and MetS and the possible mechanisms underlying the reported associations. A recent meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies showed that greater adherence to the MedDiet was associated with a significant reduction in the risk of diabetes. The MedDiet has also been found to be beneficial in the prevention of gestational diabetes. Four large prospective studies have observed inverse associations between the MedDiet and MetS or its components. Few randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have evaluated the effect of the MedDiet on T2DM and MetS. Results from the landmark PREvencion con DIeta MEDiterranea (PREDIMED) nutrition intervention trial showed that participants assigned to the MedDiet had a significant 30% reduction in the risk of T2DM and that it also promoted the reversion of MetS and its components, hyperglycemia and central obesity. In addition, 5 RCTs showed the beneficial effects of the MedDiet compared with other dietary patterns on glycemic control in patients with T2DM. A recent meta-analysis of RCTs revealed that, compared with a variety of control diets, the MedDiet was associated with beneficial effects on all MetS components. Bioactive components of the MedDiet synergize to affect various metabolic pathways, leading to a reduced cardiometabolic disease risk. The abundance of healthy, nutrient-dense foods that makeup the plant-basedMedDiet predicts its bioactivity and potential to beneficially influence metabolic path-ways that lead to MetS and T2DM, as well as other chronic conditions. Abundant epidemiologic and clinical trial evidence supports the role of the MedDiet on the prevention and management of T2DM and MetS.
Obstetric outcomes during delivery hospitalizations among obese pregnant women in the United States; The rates of both maternal and fetal adverse outcomes increase significantly with higher body mass index. The aim of this study was to calculate national estimates of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes and associated hospitalization cost among obese pregnant women using a national database. This study was a retrospective analysis of data retrieved from Nationwide Inpatient Sample database, collected during 2010-2014. The primary outcomes of this study were adverse maternal and fetal outcomes, hospital length of stay, and hospitalization cost. There was a total of 18,687,217 delivery-related hospitalizations, of which 1,048,323 were among obese women. Obese women were more likely to have cesarean deliveries (aOR 1.70, 95% CI 1.62-1.79) and labor inductions (aOR 1.51, 95% CI 1.42-1.60), greater length of stay after cesarean deliveries (aOR 1.14, 95% CI 1.08-1.36) and vaginal deliveries (aOR 1.48, 95% CI 1.23-1.77). They were also more likely to have pregnancy-related hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, premature rupture of membranes, chorioamnionitis, venous thromboembolism, excessive fetal growth, and fetal distress. Obese pregnant women had significantly greater risk for adverse obstetrical outcomes, which substantially increased the hospital and economic burden. Risk stratification of pregnant patients based on obesity could also help obstetricians to make better clinical decisions and improve patient outcomes.
Kickboxing a cardiomyopathy: mitochondrial sequencing provides answer for young athlete and her family; Mitochondrial diseases are rare, often go undiagnosed and can lead to devastating cascades of multisystem organ dysfunction. This report of a young woman with hearing loss and gestational diabetes illustrates a novel presentation of a cardiomyopathy caused by a previously described mutation in a mitochondrial gene, MT-TL1. She initially had biventricular heart dysfunction and ventricular arrhythmia that ultimately recovered with beta blockade and time. She continues to participate in sport without decline. It is important to keep mitochondrial diseases in the differential diagnosis and understand the testing and management strategies in order to provide the best patient care.
Risk of intracranial hemorrhage associated with pregnancy in women with cerebral arteriovenous malformations; Background Prior studies on rupture risk of brain arteriovenous malformations (AVMs) in women undergoing pregnancy and delivery have reported conflicting findings, but also have not accounted for AVM morphology and heterogeneity. Here, we assess the association between pregnancy and the risk of intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) in women with AVMs using a cohort-crossover design in which each woman serves as her own control. Methods Women who underwent pregnancy and delivery were identified using DRG codes from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project State Inpatient Databases for California (2005-2011), Florida (2005-2014), and New York (2005-2014). The presence of AVM and ICH was determined using ICD 9 codes. Pregnancy was defined as the 40 weeks prior to delivery, and postpartum as 12 weeks after. We defined a non-exposure control period as a 52-week period prior to pregnancy. The relative risks of ICH during pregnancy were compared against the non-exposure period using conditional Poisson regression. Results Among 4 022 811 women identified with an eligible delivery hospitalization (median age, 28 years; 7.3% with gestational diabetes; 4.5% with preeclampsia/eclampsia), 568 (0.014%) had an AVM. The rates of ICH during pregnancy and puerperium were 6355.4 (95% CI 4279.4 to 8431.5) and 14.4 (95% CI 13.3 to 15.6) per 100 000 person-years for women with and without AVM, respectively. In cohort-crossover analysis, in women with AVMs the risk of ICH increased 3.27-fold (RR, 95% CI 1.67 to 6.43) during pregnancy and puerperium compared with a non-pregnant period. Conclusions Among women with AVM, pregnancy and puerperium were associated with a greater than 3-fold risk of ICH.
Pregnancy as a window to future health: Excessive gestational weight gain and obesity; Metabolic and behavioral changes that occur during pregnancy have well-known effects on maternal and fetal health during the immediate pregnancy and now are thought to be a catalyst for future health throughout later life. Recommendations for appropriate gestational weight gain (GWG) and lifestyle modifications during pregnancy have changed throughout history as more is known about this crucial time. Herein we discuss the current GWG recommendations and the impact of pregnancy and excess GWG gain on the current and future health of women and children including risk of obesity, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and metabolic syndrome. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Prenatal Health Care Outcomes Before and During the COVID-19 Pandemic Among Pregnant Individuals and Their Newborns in an Integrated US Health System; IMPORTANCE The COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the use of telemedicine. However, data on the integration of telemedicine in prenatal health care and health outcomes are sparse. OBJECTIVE To evaluate a multimodal model of in-office and telemedicine prenatal health care implemented during the COVID-19 pandemic and its association with maternal and newborn health outcomes. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS This cohort study of pregnant individuals using longitudinal electronic health record data was conducted at Kaiser Permanente Northern California, an integrated health care system serving a population of 4.5 million people. Individuals who delivered a live birth or stillbirth between July 1, 2018, and October 21, 2021, were included in the study. Data were analyzed from January 2022 to May 2023. EXPOSURE Exposure levels to the multimodal prenatal health care model were separated into 3 intervals: unexposed (T1, birth delivery between July 1, 2018, and February 29, 2020), partially exposed (T2, birth delivery between March 1, 2020, and December 5, 2020), and fully exposed (T3, birth delivery between December 6, 2020, and October 31, 2021). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Primary outcomes included rates of preeclampsia and eclampsia, severe maternal morbidity, cesarean delivery, preterm birth, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission. The distributions of demographic and clinical characteristics, care processes, and health outcomes for birth deliveries within each of the 3 intervals of interest were assessed with standardized mean differences calculated for between-interval contrasts. Interrupted time series analyses were used to examine changes in rates of perinatal outcomes and its association with the multimodal prenatal health care model. Secondary outcomes included gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, depression, venous thromboembolism, newborn Apgar score, transient tachypnea, and birth weight. RESULTS The cohort included 151 464 individuals (mean [SD] age, 31.3 [5.3] years) who delivered a live birth or stillbirth. The mean (SD) number of total prenatal visits was similar in T1 (9.41 [4.75] visits), T2 (9.17 [4.50] visits), and T3 (9.15 [4.66] visits), whereas the proportion of telemedicine visits increased from 11.1%(79 214 visits) in T1 to 20.9%(66 726 visits) in T2 and 21.3%(79 518 visits) in T3. NICU admission rates were 9.2%(7014 admissions) in T1, 8.3%(2905 admissions) in T2, and 8.6%(3615 admissions) in T3. Interrupted time series analysis showed no change in NICU admission risk during T1 (change per 4-week interval, -0.22%; 95% CI, -0.53% to 0.09%), a decrease in risk during T2 (change per 4-week interval, -0.91%; 95% CI, -1.77% to -0.03%), and an increase in risk during T3 (change per 4-week interval, 1.75%; 95% CI, 0.49% to 3.02%). There were no clinically relevant changes between T1, T2, and T3 in the rates of risk of preeclampsia and eclampsia (change per 4-week interval, 0.76%[95% CI, 0.39% to 1.14%] for T1; -0.19% [95% CI, -1.19% to 0.81%] for T2; and -0.80% [95% CI, -2.13% to 0.55%] for T3), severe maternal morbidity (change per 4-week interval, 0.12%[95% CI, 0.40% to 0.63%] for T1; -0.39% [95% CI, -1.00% to 1.80%] for T2; and 0.99% [95% CI, -0.88% to 2.90%] for T3), cesarean delivery (change per 4-week interval, 0.06% [95% CI, -0.11% to 0.23%] for T1; -0.03%[95% CI, -0.49% to 0.44%] for T2; and -0.05%[95% CI, -0.68% to 0.59%] for T3), preterm birth (change per 4-week interval, 0.23%[95% CI, -0.11% to 0.57%] for T1; -0.37%[95% CI, -1.29% to 0.55%] for T2; and -0.15%[95% CI, -1.41% to 1.13%] for T3), or secondary outcomes. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE These findings suggest that a multimodal prenatal health care model combining in-office and telemedicine visits performed adequately compared with in-office only prenatal health care, supporting its continued use after the pandemic.
Stillbirth in women with diabetes: a retrospective analysis of fetal autopsy reports; Introduction:Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with an increased rate of stillbirth. There are a wide variety of factors that have been implicated including placental insufficiency, hypoxia, hyperinsulinemia and impaired cardiac function. Furthermore, there is evidence that diabetic pregnancies have an increased rate of fetal cardiomyopathy as compared to non-diabetic pregnancies. Prior studies have indicated that this association can also be an etiology for diabetic stillbirth. The purpose of this study was to determine if diabetic pregnancies have an increased risk of fetal cardiomyopathy identified on fetal autopsy as compared to non-diabetic women with a stillbirth in a cohort of pregnancies that had evaluation with a fetal autopsy. Materials and methods:Retrospective cohort study of women with a stillbirth who consented to fetal autopsy at an academic medical center from 2011 to 2017. Stillbirth was defined as an intrauterine fetal demise at >= 20 weeks' gestation. Women with diabetes defined as pre-gestational diabetes type 1, pre-gestational diabetes type 2, and gestational diabetes were compared to women without diabetes. Primary outcome was fetal cardiomyopathy. Other etiologies for stillbirth were also evaluated and classified according to the Stillbirth Collaborative Research Network (SCRN) initial causes of fetal death. Fisher exact test, chi 2 test, and Mann Whitney U tests were performed as appropriate, withp < .05 considered significant. Generalized linear models were performed for fetal organ weights controlling for gestational age of delivery, maternal chronic hypertension, delivery body mass index, and birthweight. Results:A total of 78 women elected to have fetal autopsy examinations during the study period. Of these, 75 had complete information available for review. A total of 60 women did not have diabetes and 15 women had diabetes. Of pregnancies complicated by diabetes, 11 had insulin dependent diabetes and 4 had non-insulin dependent diabetes. Fetal cardiomyopathy was diagnosed on autopsy for 7 (46.7%) of pregnancies with diabetes and 2 (3.3% of pregnancies without diabetes (RR 14.00 [95% CI 3.23-60.65],p < .001). These associations were still significant even when analyzing only those pregnancies without fetal congenital heart disease (7 [46.7%] diabetic pregnancies with cardiomyopathy versus 1 [2.0%] nondiabetic pregnancy with cardiomyopathy, RR 23.80 [95% CI 3.17-178.46],p < .001). There was no difference between diabetic and non-diabetic pregnancies in regards to other causes for stillbirth. Stillbirths in pregnancies with diabetes also had larger fetal heart, liver, and adrenal weights on fetal autopsy. Conclusion:Women with diabetes have 14 times the risk of fetal cardiomyopathy identified at fetal autopsy as compared to women without diabetes. As the prediction and prevention of diabetic stillbirth is limited, information on potential causes of stillbirth may help future research identify those pregnancies at the greatest risk for adverse outcome.
Experiences with an integrated screening programme targeted at women who had a hypertensive disorder or diabetes in pregnancy in the Netherlands: a qualitative study; ObjectivesPregnancy is a predictor of women's health later in life. The risk of eventually developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) and/or type 2 diabetes (T2D) increases three to seven times, after pre-eclampsia, hypertension gravidarum or gestational diabetes. The Heart for Women in The Hague project was designed to offer targeted screening to this high-risk population. This research aimed to gather insight regarding the initial experiences of healthcare providers and women with pre-eclampsia, hypertension gravidarum or gestational diabetes. Design and settingThis study applied a qualitative semistructured interview design using an interview guide based on 'The Consolidated Framework for Implementation Research (CFIR).' Interviews were recorded, transcribed and coded in accordance with the five main CFIR themes. The setting of the study was primary and secondary care in The Hague, the Netherlands. Interviews were carried out from December 2021 until February 2022. The language was Dutch or English. ParticipantsParticipants (n=13) were women of the target population (n=7) and relevant healthcare professionals (n=6). ResultsHealthcare providers and women were generally positive concerning screening. Healthcare providers agreed that this forgotten group deserves attention and felt that the regional transmural agreement (RTA) provided a clear policy. Women stated that they would like screening to continue and were open-minded regarding lifestyle guidance. Reported barriers included current lack of an easy way of contacting the population after a year, lack of knowledge among the women concerning increased risk, unfamiliarity of new colleagues with the RTA and lack of evidence that screening actually prevents disease. ConclusionImplementation of screening programmes to prevent or delay the development of CVD and/or T2D after complicated pregnancies will likely improve awareness in both patients and healthcare providers. Healthcare providers considered the RTA important because it concerns a forgotten high-risk population. Future research should focus on the improved effectiveness of tailored interventions to delay or prevent CVD.
Sacrococcygeal teratoma: Prenatal assessment, fetal intervention, and outcome; Purpose: To understand the natural history and define indications for fetal intervention in sacrococcygeal teratoma (SCT), the authors reviewed all cases of fetal SCT presenting for evaluation. Methods: Prenatal diagnostic studies including ultrasound scan, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), echocardiography and pre- and postnatal outcomes were reviewed in 30 cases of SCT that presented between September 1995 and January 2003. Results: The mean gestational age (GA) at presentation was 23.9 weeks (range, 19 to 38.5) with 3 sets of twins (10%). Overall outcomes included 4 terminations, 5 fetal demises, 7 neonatal deaths, and 14 survivors. Significant obstetric complications occurred in 81% of the 26 continuing pregnancies: polyhydramnios (n = 7), oligohydramnios (n = 4), preterm labor (n = 13), preeclampsia (n = 4), gestational diabetes (n = 1), HELLP syndrome (n = 1), and hyperemesis (n = 1). Fetal intervention included cyst aspiration (n = 6), amnioreduction (n = 3), amnioinfusion (n = 1), and open fetal surgical resection (n = 4). Indications for cyst aspiration and amnioreduction were maternal discomfort, preterm labor, and prevention of tumor rupture at delivery. Although 15 SCTs were solid causing risk for cardiac failure, only 4 fetuses met criteria for fetal debulking based on ultrasonographic and echocardiographic evidence of impending high output failure and favorable anatomy at 21, 23.6, 25, and 26 weeks' gestation. Intraoperative events included maternal blood transfusion (n = 1), fetal blood transfusion (n = 2), chorioamniotic membrane separation (n = 2), and fetal arrest requiring successful cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) (n = 1). In the fetal resection group, 3 of 4 survived with mean GA at delivery of 29 weeks (range, 27.6 to 31.7 weeks), mean birth weight of 1.3 kg, hospital stay ranging from 16 to 34 weeks, and follow-up ranging from 20 months to 6 years. Postnatal complications in the fetal surgery group included neonatal death (n = 1, secondary to premature closure of ductus arteriosus with cardiac failure), embolic event (n = 1, resulting in unilateral renal agenesis, jejunal atresia), chronic lung disease (n = 1), and tumor recurrence (n = 1). Conclusions: For fetal SCT, the rapidity at which cardiac compromise can develop and the high incidence of obstetric complications warrant close prenatal surveillance. Amnioreduction, cyst aspiration, and surgical debulking are potentially life-saving interventions.
Pregnancy Complications and Later Development of Hypertension; Pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia and diabetes affect approximately 5 to 10% of all pregnancies and compromise maternal and fetal health during gestation. Complications during pregnancy may also contribute to the development of hypertension and future cardiovascular risk in the mother. Moreover, fetal exposure to hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy can program hypertension and cardiovascular disease in the offspring. Transgenerational transmission of programmed cardiovascular risk highlights the importance of understanding the mechanisms that link complications during pregnancy with later hypertension in her offspring and subsequent generations. However, experimental studies are needed to investigate the cause and effect of increased blood pressure in the mother following a complicated pregnancy and provide insight into the development of preventative measures that may improve the long-term cardiovascular health of women and their offspring.
Association between pregnancy-related complications and development of type 2 diabetes and hypertension in women: an umbrella review; BackgroundDespite many systematic reviews and meta-analyses examining the associations of pregnancy complications with risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and hypertension, previous umbrella reviews have only examined a single pregnancy complication. Here we have synthesised evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses on the associations of a wide range of pregnancy-related complications with risk of developing T2DM and hypertension.MethodsMedline, Embase and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews were searched from inception until 26 September 2022 for systematic reviews and meta-analysis examining the association between pregnancy complications and risk of T2DM and hypertension. Screening of articles, data extraction and quality appraisal (AMSTAR2) were conducted independently by two reviewers using Covidence software. Data were extracted for studies that examined the risk of T2DM and hypertension in pregnant women with the pregnancy complication compared to pregnant women without the pregnancy complication. Summary estimates of each review were presented using tables, forest plots and narrative synthesis and reported following Preferred Reporting Items for Overviews of Reviews (PRIOR) guidelines.ResultsTen systematic reviews were included. Two pregnancy complications were identified. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): One review showed GDM was associated with a 10-fold higher risk of T2DM at least 1 year after pregnancy (relative risk (RR) 9.51 (95% confidence interval (CI) 7.14 to 12.67) and although the association differed by ethnicity (white: RR 16.28 (95% CI 15.01 to 17.66), non-white: RR 10.38 (95% CI 4.61 to 23.39), mixed: RR 8.31 (95% CI 5.44 to 12.69)), the between subgroups difference were not statistically significant at 5% significance level. Another review showed GDM was associated with higher mean blood pressure at least 3 months postpartum (mean difference in systolic blood pressure: 2.57 (95% CI 1.74 to 3.40) mmHg and mean difference in diastolic blood pressure: 1.89 (95% CI 1.32 to 2.46) mmHg). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP): Three reviews showed women with a history of HDP were 3 to 6 times more likely to develop hypertension at least 6 weeks after pregnancy compared to women without HDP (meta-analysis with largest number of studies: odds ratio (OR) 4.33 (3.51 to 5.33)) and one review reported a higher rate of T2DM after HDP (hazard ratio (HR) 2.24 (1.95 to 2.58)) at least a year after pregnancy. One of the three reviews and five other reviews reported women with a history of preeclampsia were 3 to 7 times more likely to develop hypertension at least 6 weeks postpartum (meta-analysis with the largest number of studies: OR 3.90 (3.16 to 4.82) with one of these reviews reporting the association was greatest in women from Asia (Asia: OR 7.54 (95% CI 2.49 to 22.81), Europe: OR 2.19 (95% CI 0.30 to 16.02), North and South America: OR 3.32 (95% CI 1.26 to 8.74)).ConclusionsGDM and HDP are associated with a greater risk of developing T2DM and hypertension. Common confounders adjusted for across the included studies in the reviews were maternal age, body mass index (BMI), socioeconomic status, smoking status, pre-pregnancy and current BMI, parity, family history of T2DM or cardiovascular disease, ethnicity, and time of delivery. Further research is needed to evaluate the value of embedding these pregnancy complications as part of assessment for future risk of T2DM and chronic hypertension.
Physical Activity and Pregnancy Cardiovascular Adaptations, Recommendations and Pregnancy Outcomes; Regular physical activity is associated with improved physiological, metabolic and psychological parameters, and with reduced risk of morbidity and mortality. Current recommendations aimed at improving the health and wellbeing of nonpregnant subjects advise that an accumulation of >= 30 minutes of moderate physical activity should occur on most, if not all, days of the week. Regardless of the specific physiological changes induced by pregnancy, which are primarily developed to meet the increased metabolic demands of mother and fetus, pregnant women benefit from regular physical activity the same way as nonpregnant subjects. Changes in submaximal oxygen uptake ((V) over dotO(2)) during pregnancy depend on the type of exercise performed. During maternal rest or submaximal weight-bearing exercise (e.g. walking, stepping, treadmill exercise), absolute maternal (V) over dotO(2) is significantly increased compared with the nonpregnant state. The magnitude of change is approximately proportional to maternal weight gain. When pregnant women perform submaximal weight-supported exercise on land (e.g. level cycling), the findings are contradictory. Some studies reported significantly increased absolute (V) over dotO(2), while many others reported unchanged or only slightly increased absolute (V) over dotO(2) compared with the nonpregnant state. The latter findings may be explained by the fact that the metabolic demand of cycle exercise is largely independent of the maternal body mass, resulting in no absolute (V) over dotO(2) alteration. Few studies that directly measured changes in maternal maximal (V) over dotO(2) ((V) over dotO(2max)) showed no difference in the absolute (V) over dotO(2max) between pregnant and nonpregnant subjects in cycling, swimming or weight-bearing exercise. Efficiency of work during exercise appears to be unchanged during pregnancy in non-weight-bearing exercise. During weight-bearing exercise, the work efficiency was shown to be improved in athletic women who continue exercising and those who stop exercising during pregnancy. When adjusted for weight gain, the increased efficiency is maintained throughout the pregnancy, with the improvement being greater in exercising women. Regular physical activity has been proven to result in marked benefits for mother and fetus. Maternal benefits include improved cardiovascular function, limited pregnancy weight gain, decreased musculoskeletal discomfort, reduced incidence of muscle cramps and lower limb oedema, mood stability, attenuation of gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational hypertension. Fetal benefits include decreased fat mass, improved stress tolerance, and advanced neurobehavioural maturation. In addition, few studies that have directly examined the effects of physical activity on labour and delivery indicate that, for women with normal pregnancies, physical activity is accompanied with shorter labour and decreased incidence of operative delivery. However, a substantial proportion of women stop exercising after they discover they are pregnant, and only few begin participating in exercise activities during pregnancy. The adoption or continuation of a sedentary lifestyle during pregnancy may contribute to the development of certain disorders such as hypertension, maternal and childhood obesity, gestational diabetes, dyspnoea, and pre-eclampsia. In view of the global epidemic of sedentary behaviour and obesity-related pathology, prenatal physical activity was shown to be useful for the prevention and treatment of these conditions. Further studies with larger sample sizes are required to confirm the association between physical activity and outcomes of labour and delivery.
Interactions between race/ethnicity, poverty status, and pregnancy cardio-metabolic diseases in prediction of postpartum cardio-metabolic health; Background: Prenatal health disparities exist for African Americans and low socioeconomic status (SES) individuals when compared to non-Hispanic Whites and people of higher SES, particularly in cardio-metabolic diseases. Furthermore, having had a pregnancy-specific cardio-metabolic disease, e.g. preeclampsia, increases risk for future cardio-metabolic disease. Although these factors (race, SES and pregnancy cardio-metabolic disease) are interrelated, studies have rarely considered their combined effect on postpartum cardio-metabolic risk. The purpose of this study was to assess whether SES, race/ethnicity, and prenatal cardio-metabolic disease interact in the prediction of postpartum cardio-metabolic risk. Methods: A sample of 1,753 low-income women of African American, Latina, non-Hispanic White race/ethnicity was recruited after a birth in 5 US sites. Household income was used to categorize poverty status as Poor (< Federal Poverty Level; FPL), near poor (100-200% FPL), or low/middle income (> 200% FPL). Three prenatal cardio-metabolic disease diagnoses (preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes) were identified from medical records. Four biomarkers (mean arterial pressure, glycosylated haemoglobin, total cholesterol:HDL ratio, and waist-hip ratio) were collected at 6 and 12 months postpartum, and combined into an average postpartum cardio-metabolic risk index. Maternal age, pre-pregnancy body mass index, parity, health behaviors and employment status were covariates. Results: Analyses revealed interactions of race/ethnicity, poverty status, and prenatal cardio-metabolic diseases in the prediction of postpartum cardio-metabolic risk. African American women had higher postpartum cardio-metabolic risk, which was exacerbated following a prenatal cardio-metabolic disease. Low/middle income African American women had higher cardio-metabolic risk compared to poor African American, and all Latina and White women. Conclusions: African American women, and especially those who experienced pregnancy complications, emerged as vulnerable, and greater household income did not appear to confer protection against worse postpartum cardio-metabolic risk for this group. These results highlight the complex interplay between socioeconomic status and race/ethnicity with respect to understanding health disparities.
Risk Factors and Management of Kidney Diseases in Saudi Women with Diabetes; Background: The prevalence of diabetic kidney diseases (DKD) in the Saudi population is increasing and its prevalence has been reported as 37.4%. Recently, a higher prevalence of albuminuria in women has been proven through population-based studies. Objective: Recently, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA) has witnessed many changes in women's activities, and women are more actively participating in the social and cultural development of the country. Thus, focusing on women's health-related issues has become crucial. The necessity of research focusing on the influence of various risk factors on DKD has emerged as a priority. Methods: The literature search was done by search engines and databases (PubMed, Google scholar and EMBASE). From a total of 21 selected articles, 18 articles are included in this study. Results: This review emphasizes on the higher influence of certain DKD risk factors on Saudi women including a high prevalence of glucose intolerance during pregnancy, obesity due to lack of physical activity, and genetic predisposition due to consanguineous marriages, etc. Conclusion: This study can raise awareness regarding the prevention and management of DKD in Saudi diabetic women.
Management of Placental Transfusion to Neonates After Delivery; This review summarizes high-quality evidence supporting delayed umbilical cord clamping to promote placental transfusion to preterm and term neonates. In preterm neonates, delayed cord clamping may decrease mortality and the need for blood transfusions. Although robust data are lacking to guide cord management strategies in many clinical scenarios, emerging literature is reviewed on numerous topics including delivery mode, twin gestations, maternal comorbidities (eg, gestational diabetes, red blood cell alloimmunization, human immunodeficiency virus [HIV] infection, and severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 [SARS-CoV-2] infection) and neonatal complications (eg, fetal growth restriction, congenital heart disease, and the depressed neonate). Umbilical cord milking is an alternate method of rapid placental transfusion, but has been associated with severe intraventricular hemorrhage in extremely preterm neonates. Data on long-term outcomes are discussed, as well as potential contraindications to delayed cord clamping. Overall, delayed cord clamping offers potential benefits to the estimated 140 million neonates born globally every year, emphasizing the importance of this simple and no-cost strategy.
The effect of vascular complications of diabetes mellitus on human umbilical cord tissue and the number of Wharton Jelly's mesenchymal stem cells; The current study investigated the change in umbilical cord tissue and the number of markers of Wharton's jelly mesenchymal stem cells (WJ-MSC) in pregnant women with gestational diabetes (GDM), with chronic diabetes who developed nephropathy as vascular complication (VC-PGDM), and healthy pregnant women as the control. The umbilical cords (UC) were investigated by the histomorphological method and the number of WJ-MSC were detected by flow-cytometry using the CD90, CD44, CD105, and CD73 markers in Wharton's jelly (WJ) isolated from fresh umbilical cords. The number of positive cells for CD 90, CD44, CD105, and CD73 were found to be elevated in the GDM group, whereas it was significantly diminished in the VC-PGDM group (p = 0.001, p = 0.001, p = 0.001, and p = 0.001). The only histopathological sign in the GDM group were an increased number of pores in the Wharton jelly. Artery wall thickness/cord diamater ratio was increased, which indicates an increase of the artery wall thickness in the VC- PGDM group (p = 0.039 and p = 0.048). The increase in umbilical cord diameter and number of Wharton jelly mesenchymal stem cells in babies of gestational diabetic mothers was considered as an effect of macrosomia seen in babies of mothers with gestational diabetes. Vasculopathy, a long-term complication of diabetes, is known to affect all tissues by causing marked lower perfusion and hypoxia, as well as a decrease in the MSC number in our study.
Impact of clinical pharmacists intervention on management of hyperglycemia in pregnancy in Jordan; Background and objective Hyperglycemia in pregnancy is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and postpartum (PP) diabetes. This study aimed to assess the impact of the clinical pharmacist-assisted program (CPAP) of optimizing drug therapy and intensive education on main management outcome measures of patient knowledge about diabetes, Quality of life (QoL) as measured by SF-36 including maternal complications, fasting plasma glucose (FPG) control, and HbA1c. Method This is a randomized controlled study. Pregnant (20-28 weeks) patients with hyperglycemia received CPAP (n = 51) as compared with conventional management (n = 34). Patients were then followed up for 6 weeks pp. Results A significant change was shown in the intervention group for diabetes knowledge (3.47% vs. control 2.03%, P < 0.05) and three aspects of health-related QoL. The need for caesarian delivery (58.8% vs. control 35.3%) and severe episodes of hypoglycemia (0% vs. control 8.8%) were significantly (P < 0.05) reduced in the intervention group. Six weeks PP reduction in HbA1c values was greater in the intervention group (- 0.54% vs. control - 0.08%, P = 0.04) with more FPG-controlled patients during pregnancy (94% vs. control 64.7%). Conclusion Clinical pharmacist assisted services in the management of pregnancy hyperglycemia fundamentally and significantly improve knowledge and disease control.
Recurrent antepartum compression of a single artery double nuchal cord necessitating emergency Cesarean delivery; Fetuses with a single umbilical artery are considered at increased risk for chromosomal and structural abnormalities, and increased adverse perinatal outcome. A young milliparous patient was followed with weekly nonstress testing due to well-controlled gestational diabetes, a single umbilical artery, and a double nuchal cord. At 31 weeks gestation, following the occurrence of a severe prolonged variable deceleration of the fetal heart rate the patient was hospitalized for close fetal surveillance with consideration that the deceleration may represent recurring intermittent compression of the single umbilical artery. Continuous fetal monitoring depicted recurrent severe variable decelerations of the fetal heart rate. Thirty-six hours after admission, prolonged fetal bradycardi a to 60 bpm necessitated emergency cesarean delivery of a nonhypoxic nonacidotic fetus, which subsequently did well. This case suggests that fetuses with a single umbilical artery nuchal cord(s) may be at increased risk of significant umbilical cord compression.
Association of a Mediterranean Diet Pattern With Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Among US Women; Importance The Mediterranean diet pattern is inversely associated with the leading causes of morbidity and mortality, including metabolic diseases and cardiovascular disease, but there are limited data on its association with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) among US women. Objective To evaluate whether concordance to a Mediterranean diet pattern around the time of conception is associated with lower risk of developing any APO and individual APOs. Design, Setting, and Participants This prospective, multicenter, cohort study, the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-to-Be, enrolled 10038 women between October 1, 2010, and September 30, 2013, with a final analytic sample of 7798 racially, ethnically, and geographically diverse women with singleton pregnancies who had complete diet data. Data analyses were completed between June 3, 2021, and April 7, 2022. Exposures An Alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMed) score (range, 0-9; low, 0-3; moderate, 4-5; and high, 6-9) was computed from data on habitual diet in the 3 months around conception, assessed using a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. Main Outcomes and Measures Adverse pregnancy outcomes were prospectively ascertained and defined as developing 1 or more of the following: preeclampsia or eclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant, or stillbirth. Results Of 7798 participants (mean [SD] age, 27.4 [5.5] years), 754 (9.7%) were aged 35 years or older, 816 (10.5%) were non-Hispanic Black, 1294 (16.6%) were Hispanic, and 1522 (19.5%) had obesity at baseline. The mean (SD) aMed score was 4.3 (2.1), and the prevalence of high, moderate, and low concordance to a Mediterranean diet pattern around the time of conception was 30.6% (n=2388), 31.2% (n=2430), and 38.2% (n=2980), respectively. In multivariable models, a high vs low aMed score was associated with 21% lower odds of any APO (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 0.79 [95% CI, 0.68-0.92]), 28% lower odds of preeclampsia or eclampsia (aOR, 0.72 [95% CI, 0.55-0.93]), and 37% lower odds of gestational diabetes (aOR, 0.63 [95% CI, 0.44-0.90]). There were no differences by race, ethnicity, and prepregnancy body mass index, but associations were stronger among women aged 35 years or older (aOR, 0.54 [95% CI, 0.34-0.84]; P=.02 for interaction). When aMed score quintiles were evaluated, similar associations were observed, with higher scores being inversely associated with the incidence of any APO. Conclusions and Relevance This cohort study suggests that greater adherence to a Mediterranean diet pattern is associated with lower risk of APOs, with evidence of a dose-response association. Intervention studies are needed to assess whether dietary modification around the time of conception can reduce risk of APOs and their downstream associations with future development of cardiovascular disease risk factors and overt disease. This cohort study evaluates whether concordance to a Mediterranean diet pattern around the time of conception is associated with lower risk of developing any adverse pregnancy outcome and individual adverse pregnancy outcomes.
CLINICAL AND ECHOCARDIOGRAPHIC FINDINGS IN NEWBORNS OF DIABETIC MOTHERS; The aim of the study was to assess the use of echocardiographic measurements in newborns of diabetic mothers. Maternal diabetes is associated with an increased risk of morbidity and mortality in pregnancy and in perinatal period. Thirty-five newborns of diabetic mothers (pre gestational or gestational diabetes; case group) and thirty-five controls (control group), born between January 2009 and December 2012 in Cluj-Napoca (north-west of Romania), were included in this study. A Logiq e ultrasound with an 8 MHz transducer was used to measure echocardiographic parameters. The interventricular septal thickness in case group was higher as compared with control group (at end systole = 6.61 +/- 1.64 mm vs. 5.75 +/- 0.95 mm, p=0.0371; at end diastole = 4.61 +/- 1.59 mm vs. 3.42 +/- 0.70 mm, p=0.0001). A risk ratio of 2.333 (0.656, 8.298) was obtained for septal hypertrophy. A higher proportion of septal hypertrophy was identified in the newborns of mothers with gestational diabetes compared to the newborns of pregestational diabetes mothers (p=0.0058). The mean birth weight was significantly higher in newborns of diabetic mothers (3695.57 +/- 738.63) as compared with controls (3276.14 +/- 496.51; p=0.0071). Infants born to mothers with diabetes proved to be at a high risk of septal hypertrophy.
Is maternal diabetes a risk factor for childhood obesity?; Objective: Our objective is to determine if there is a relationship between diabetes during pregnancy and childhood obesity, in our inner-city, African-American population. Methods: Pertinent child, neonatal and maternal pregnancy and delivery data were collected from mothers of children age 2-5 years old. Outcome variable definition was based on children's body mass index (BMI) subgroups; independent variable definition on birth-weight subgroups based on customized growth percentiles. Covariates included pre and postnatal factors. Those covariates marginally related to diabetes (p < 0.2) by bivariate analyses, were allowed to compete in logistic regression, with p < 0.05 significant. Results: Four hundred and ninety-three patients were enrolled, of which 35 (7.1%) had diabetes during pregnancy. Children of diabetic mothers were more likely to be obese at age 2-5 years than those of non-diabetics (p = 0.004). Five of 20 covariates had p < 0.2 in bivariate setting. Following stepwise logistic regression, diabetes and maternal prepregnancy BMI were significant determinants of childhood obesity. When large-for-gestational age (LGA) was added into the model, diabetes was no longer significant (p = 0.105); only LGA (p = 0.008) and maternal prepregnancy BMI (p = 0.032) were significantly associated with childhood obesity. Conclusions: In our inner-city, primarily African-American population, diabetes in pregnancy is significantly related to childhood obesity at age 2-5 years. Well-controlled diabetes during pregnancy that avoids macrosomia may lead to prevention of future childhood obesity as well.
The first-trimester of pregnancy - A window of opportunity for prediction and prevention of pregnancy complications and future life; The International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) has identified non communicable maternal diseases (NCDs) as a new focus area. NCDs and exposures as related to pregnancy complications and later impairment of maternal and offspring health will form the basis for action in the forthcoming years. This paper summarizes recent advances, centered on the use of first-trimester testing, as a window of opportunity to predict and prevent many pregnancy complications; and for potential future prevention of NCDs in mother and offspring. Recent results from a large-scale randomized control trial have provided definitive proof that effective screening for preterm preeclampsia (preterm-PE), requiring delivery before 37 weeks' gestation, can be achieved with a combined test of maternal factors and biomarkers at 11-13 weeks and that aspirin, given to high-risk women, is effective in reducing the risk of preterm-PE and the length of stay in neonatal intensive care unit. This is the first successful example to illustrate that pregnancy complications is predictable and preventable in early pregnancy. Similar prediction and prevention strategies are being developed for hyperglycemia in pregnancy and preterm birth, with the intention for longer lasting interventions leading to significant downstream impact in improving long-term health in both mothers and babies. (C) 2018 Published by Elsevier B.V.
Cardiovascular health after maternal placental syndromes (CHAMPS): population-based retrospective cohort study; Background Maternal placental syndromes, including the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and abruption or infarction of the placenta, probably originate from diseased placental vessels. The syndromes arise most often in women who have metabolic risk factors for cardiovascular disease, including obesity, pre-pregnancy hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and dyslipidaemia. Our aim was to assess the risk of premature vascular disease in women who had had a pregnancy affected by maternal placental syndromes. Methods We did a population-based retrospective cohort study in Ontario, Canada, of 1.03 million women who were free from cardiovascular disease before their first documented delivery. We defined the following as maternal placental syndromes: pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension, placental abruption, and placental infarction. Our primary endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular disease, defined as hospital admission or revascularisation for coronary artery, cerebrovascular, or peripheral artery disease at least 90 days after the delivery discharge date. Findings The mean (SD) age of participants was 28.2 (5.5) years at the index delivery, and 75 380 (7%) women were diagnosed with a maternal placental syndrome. The incidence of cardiovascular disease was 500 per million person-years in women who had had a maternal placental syndrome compared with 200 per million in women who had not (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 2.0, 95 CI 1.7-2.2). This risk was higher in the combined presence of a maternal placental syndrome and poor fetal growth (3.1, 2.2-4.5) or a maternal placental syndrome and intrauterine fetal death (4.4, 2.4-7.9), relative to neither. Interpretation The risk of premature cardiovascular disease is higher after a maternal placental syndrome, especially in the presence of fetal compromise. Affected women should have their blood pressure and weight assessed about 6 months postpartum, and a healthy lifestyle should be emphasised.
Neonates of diabetic mothers: The starting point for developing novel therapeutic approaches to ischemic heart and brain?; Diabetes mellitus represents the most common medical condition causing complications during pregnancy. However, there is still some controversy surrounding complications. Maternal hyperglycemia leads to fetal hyperglycemia. Offspring of diabetic mothers compensate excess glucose concentrations by producing higher levels of insulin causing transient hyperinsulinemia. Infants of diabetic mothers are at risk for congenital cardiac malformations, of which 40% are with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. However, regardless of severity, cardiac hypertrophy is transient with echocardiographic resolution within the first months after birth. Neonates of diabetic mothers are more likely to suffer from macrosomia that predisposes the infant to birth asphyxia brain damage. However, there is no evidence for an increase in the incidence of brain injury from perinatal asphyxia in macrosomic babies of diabetic mothers in comparison to macrosomic newborns of non-diabetic mothers. We hypothesize that infants of diabetic mother may represent the starting point for developing novel approaches to the treatment and prevention of obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, AMI and stroke at every age. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
DIABETES-MELLITUS - A PRIORITY HEALTH-CARE ISSUE FOR WOMEN; Diabetes occurs in more than 13 million persons in the United States, and approximately 60% of the new cases are diagnosed in women. This review examines health issues related to women with diabetes mellitus. The following issues are discussed in the review. The prevalence of diabetes is higher in Native-American, black, and Hispanic women than in white women. Women with upper-body obesity are at risk for developing non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and women with diabetes are at risk for developing heart disease. Diabetes, obesity, and heart disease are all modifiable by nutrition. White women with diabetes derive approximately 40% of energy from fat, which is 10% greater than the national goal. Women with a history of gestational diabetes are at risk for developing NIDDM. Women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) are at high risk of developing complications in pregnancy, and pregnancy outcomes improve with preconceptual counseling. Women with IDDM are at risk for developing eating disorders, although not to a greater extent than the nondiabetic population. Women with diabetes are at risk for developing endometrial cancer. Both IDDM and NIDDM prevention clinical trials are in progress, although none target women specifically. Dietetics practitioners are encouraged to use local and national diabetes resources.
The impact of occupational activities during pregnancy on pregnancy outcomes: a systematic review and metaanalysis; OBJECTIVE: Data: An increasing number of studies suggest that exposure to physically demanding work during pregnancy could be associated with increased risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes, but the results remain conflicted and inconclusive. The purpose of this study was to examine the influence of occupational activities during pregnancy on maternal and fetal health outcomes. STUDY: Studies of all designs (except case studies and reviews) that contained information on the relevant population (women who engaged in paid work during pregnancy), occupational exposures (heavy lifting, prolonged standing, prolonged walking, prolonged bending, and heavy physical workload), comparator (no exposure to the listed physical work demands), and outcomes (preterm birth, low birthweight, small for gestational age, miscarriage, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, stillbirth, and intrauterine growth restriction) were included. STUDY APPRAISAL AND SYNTHESIS METHODS: Five electronic databases and 3 gray literature sources were searched up to March 15, 2019. RESULTS: Eighty observational studies (N=853,149) were included. Low-to-very low certainty evidence revealed that lifting objects >= 11 kg was associated with an increased odds ratio of miscarriage (odds ratio, 1.31; 95% confidence interval, 1.08-1.58; I-2 = 79%), and preeclampsia (odds ratio, 1.35; 95% confidence interval, 1.07-1.71; I-2 = 0%). Lifting objects for a combined weight of >= 100 kg per day was associated with an increased odds of preterm delivery (odds ratio, 1.31; 95% confidence interval, 1.11-1.56; I-2 = 0%) and having a low birthweight neonate (odds ratio, 2.08; 95% confidence interval, 1.06-4.11; I-2 = 73%). Prolonged standing was associated with increased odds of preterm delivery (odds ratio, 1.11; 95% confidence interval, 1.02-1.22; I-2 = 30%) and having a small-for-gestational-age neonate (odds ratio, 1.17; 95% confidence interval, 1.01-1.35; I-2 = 41%). A heavy physical workload was associated with increased odds of preterm delivery (odds ratio, 1.23; 95% confidence interval, 1.07-1.41; I-2 = 32%) and having a low birthweight neonate (odds ratio, 1.79; 95% confidence interval, 1.11-2.87; I-2 = 87%). All other associations were not statistically significant. Dose-response analysis showed women stand for >2.5 hours per day (vs no standing) had a 10% increase in the odds of having a preterm delivery. CONCLUSION: Physically demanding work during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Insulin resistance syndrome; Insulin resistance can be linked to diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia. cardiovascular disease and other abnormalities. These abnormalities constitute the insulin resistance syndrome. Because resistance usually develops long before these diseases appear, identifying and treating insulin-resistant patients has potentially great preventive value. Insulin resistance should be suspected in patients with a history of diabetes in first-degree relatives; patients with a personal history of gestational diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome or impaired glucose tolerance; and obese patients, particularly those with abdominal obesity. Present treatment consists of sensible lifestyle changes. including weight loss to attain healthy body weight. 30 minutes of accumulated moderate-intensity physical activity per day and increased dietary fiber intake. Pharmacotherapy is not currently recommended for patients with isolated insulin resistance.
Programming of maternal and offspring disease: impact of growth restriction, fetal sex and transmission across generations; Babies born small are at an increased risk of developing myriad adult diseases. While growth restriction increases disease risk in all individuals, often a second hit is required to unmask 'programmed' impairments in physiology. Programmed disease outcomes are demonstrated more commonly in male offspring compared with females, with these sex-specific outcomes partly attributed to different placenta-regulated growth strategies of the male and female fetus. Pregnancy is known to be a major risk factor for unmasking a number of conditions and can be considered a 'second hit' for women who were born small. As such, female offspring often develop impairments of physiology for the first time during pregnancy that present as pregnancy complications. Numerous maternal stressors can further increase the risk of developing a maternal complication during pregnancy. Importantly, these maternal complications can have long-term consequences for both the mother after pregnancy and the developing fetus. Conditions such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and hypertension as well as thyroid, liver and kidney diseases are all conditions that can complicate pregnancy and have long-term consequences for maternal and offspring health. Babies born to mothers who develop these conditions are often at a greater risk of developing disease in adulthood. This has implications as a mechanism for transmission of disease across generations. In this review, we discuss the evidence surrounding long-term intergenerational implications of being born small and/or experiencing stress during pregnancy on programming outcomes.
<i>In ovo</i> hyperglycemia causes congenital limb defects in chicken embryos via disruption of cell proliferation and apoptosis; While the correlation between diabetes during pregnancy and birth defects is well-established, how hyperglycemia causes developmental abnormalities remains unclear. In this study, we developed a novel "hyperglycemic" chicken embryonic model by administrating various doses of glucose to fertilized eggs at embryonic stages HH16 or HH24. When the embryos were collected at HH35, the LD50 was 1.57 g/Kg under HH16 treatment and 0.93 g/Kg under HH24 treatment, indicating that "hyperglycemic" environments can be lethal for the embryos. When exposed to a dose equal to or higher than 1 g/Kg glucose at HH16 or HH24, more than 40% of the surviving chicken embryos displayed heart defects and/or limb defects. The limb defects were associated with proliferation defects of both the wing and leg buds indicated by reduced numbers of p-H3S10 labeled cells. These limb defects were also associated with ectopic apoptosis in the leg bud and expression changes of key apoptotic genes. Furthermore, glucose treatment induced decreased expression of genes involved in Shh-signaling, chondrogenesis, and digit patterning in the limb bud. In summary, our data demonstrated that a highglucose environment induces congenital heart and limb defects associated with disrupted cell proliferation and apoptosis, possibly through depressed Shh-signaling.
Gender-specific care of diabetes mellitus: particular considerations in the management of diabetic women; In the past 30 years, the all-cause mortality and cardiovascular mortality rates for women with diabetes mellitus (DM), in contrast to men, have not declined. Furthermore, the difference between all-cause mortality rates in women with DM and those without DM has more than doubled. This urgently needs addressing. This review will analyse published medical literature relating to the specific management of DM in women and try to identify areas where gender affects care. We have identified specific gender differences in the pathophysiology of glucose homeostasis disorder, diabetes-related complications and any female gender-specific features of women with diabetes, such as contraception and the menopause. These gender-specific features of DM may offer a route to improved care for women and new therapeutic possibilities.
Challenges of Takayasu Arteritis in Pregnancy: A Case Report; Takayasu arteritis is a rare, chronic vasculitis of unknown etiology characterized by inflammation of the aorta and its main branches. Although Takayasu arteritis mostly affects women of childbearing age, there is a paucity in the literature on pregnancy associated with Takayasu arteritis. Pregnant patients are at increased risk of cardiovascular complications, including hypertension and congestive heart failure, which may jeopardize both maternal and fetal outcomes. Furthermore, optimal management has not yet been established for pregnant patients with Takayasu arteritis, posing a clinical challenge. We present a case of a young woman with Takayasu arteritis whose symptoms and disease activity improved during 2 pregnancies. Although her first pregnancy was complicated with preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and preterm vaginal delivery, her second pregnancy was uneventful. This case provides a rare glimpse of Takayasu arteritis in pregnancy and highlights the challenges of medical management in gravid patients.
Italian recommendations for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes during COVID-19 pandemic: Position statement of the Italian Association of Clinical Diabetologists (AMD) and the Italian Diabetes Society (SID), diabetes, and pregnancy study group; Aim: In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, there is a need for substantial changes in the procedures for accessing healthcare services. Even in the current pandemic, we should not reduce our attention towards the diagnosis and treatment of GDM. The purpose of this document is to provide a temporary guide for GDM screening, replacing the current guidelines when it is not possible to implement standard GDM screening because of an unfavorable risk/benefit ratio for pregnant women or when usual laboratory facilities are not available. Data synthesis: At the first visit during pregnancy, we must exclude the presence of "Overt diabetes" in all women. The criteria for the diagnosis of overt diabetes are either fasting plasma glucose >= 126 mg/dL, or random plasma glucose >200 mg/dL, or glycated hemoglobin >= 6.5%. When the screening procedure (OGTT) cannot be safely performed, the diagnosis of GDM is acceptable if fasting plasma glucose is >= 92 mg/dL. In order to consider the impaired fasting glucose as an acceptable surrogate for the diagnosis of GDM, the fasting glucose measurement should be performed within the recommended time windows for the risk level (high or medium risk). Conclusions: The changes to the screening procedure for GDM reported below are specifically produced in response to the health emergency of the COVID-19 pandemic. Therefore, these recommended changes should cease to be in effect and should be replaced by current national guidelines when the healthcare authorities declare the end of this emergency. (C) 2020 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy complications and metabolic disease in women with clomiphene citrate-resistant anovulation randomized to receive laparoscopic electrocautery of the ovaries or ovulation induction with gonadotropins: a 10-year follow-up; Objective: To assess long-term effects of laparoscopic electrocautery of the ovaries compared with ovulation induction with gonadotropins in women with clomiphene citrate (CC)-resistant polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) on the incidence of pregnancy complications like gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, and metabolic or cardiovascular disease. Design: Long-term follow-up study. Setting: Twenty-eight hospitals within the Netherlands. Patient(s): One hundred sixty-eight CC-resistant women who had participated in a randomized controlled trial between 1998 and 2001 comparing electrocautery and gonadotropins. Intervention(s): Postal questionnaire, search in medical files. Main Outcome Measure(s): Pregnancy complications, metabolic or cardiovascular disease. Result(s): Eighty-two percent of follow-up data were obtained. Thirteen of 68 women (19%) allocated to electrocautery, and 14 of 63 women (22%) allocated to gonadotropins had evidence for pregnancy complications (relative risk 0.86; 95% confidence interval 0.43-1.7). At follow-up, 12 of 69 (17%) women allocated to electrocautery, and 13 of 69 (19%) women allocated to gonadotropins had evidence for metabolic or cardiovascular disease (relative risk 0.90; 95% confidence interval 0.39-2.1). The risk of these was modified by body mass index (BMI), but not by female age or treatment allocation. This study is based on questionnaires and data from medical files. In the absence of routine screening, under-reporting in our follow-up study is likely. Conclusion(s): Electrocautery in women with CC-resistant PCOS does not affect pregnancy complications or metabolic or cardiovascular disease later in life compared with ovulation induction with gonadotropins. (Fertil Steril (R) 2014; 101: 270-4. (C) 2014 by American Society for ReproductiveMedicine.)
Cardiovascular risk factors in children exposed to maternal diabetes in utero; Recent studies have provided evidence that intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes has lifelong effects on adult offspring, including increased risks of obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to assess the relationship between exposure to maternal diabetes in utero and cardiovascular risk factors in healthy children and to investigate whether these associations are independent of maternal prepregnancy BMI and offspring attained BMI. Data were from a retrospective cohort of children aged 6-13 years born during 1994-2002. Multiple linear regression was used to examine the associations between exposure and cardiovascular risk factors with adjustment for demographic factors and pubertal stage and additionally for maternal prepregnancy BMI and offspring attained BMI. Ninety-nine offspring of diabetic pregnancies had significantly increased E-selectin, vascular adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM1), leptin, waist circumference, BMI and systolic blood pressure and decreased adiponectin levels compared with 422 offspring of non-diabetic pregnancies after adjustment for age, sex and race/ethnicity (p < 0.05 for each risk factor). Additional adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI substantially attenuated group differences in the risk factors except for E-selectin, VCAM1 and waist circumference, which remained significantly higher in exposed children. Compared with unexposed children, healthy offspring exposed to maternal diabetes in utero have a worse cardiovascular risk profile. In particular, offspring have substantially increased levels of circulating cellular adhesion molecules, which are biomarkers of adverse endothelium perturbation and may be related to the earliest preclinical stages of atherosclerosis and diabetes.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes of births to women with psoriasis: a population-based cohort of 13 million births; Purpose Psoriasis is a common auto-immune disease affecting the skin and joints for which the current literature remains limited and contradictory in the context of pregnancy. The purpose of our study was to evaluate the association between psoriasis in pregnancy and maternal and newborn outcomes. Methods A population based retrospective cohort study was conducted using the 1999-2015 United States' Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample. ICD-9 codes were used to identify delivery admissions to women with or without psoriasis, as well as maternal and fetal outcomes. Adjusting for baseline characteristics, multivariate logistic regression models were performed to estimate the effects of psoriasis on maternal and newborn outcomes. Results The cohort consisted of 3737 women with psoriasis, among a total of 13,792,544 pregnancy admissions in US hospitals between the years 1999 and 2015, for a period prevalence of 27.1 cases per 100,000 pregnant women. Psoriasis was associated with preeclampsia, OR 1.4 (95% CI 1.2-1.6), gestational diabetes, 1.27 (1.13-1.42), myocardial infarction, 13.4 (3.3-54.6), chorioamnionitis, 1.3 (1.0-1.6), delivery by cesarean section, 1.2 (1.1-1.3), anemia, 1.74 (1.18-2.57), and requiring blood transfusions, 1.4 (1.0-1.8). Their newborns were at higher risk of being born preterm, 1.2 (1.1-1.4), congenital anomalies, 1.7 (1.2-2.4), and intra-uterine growth restriction, 1.5 (1.2-1.7). Conclusion Women with psoriasis and their newborns appear more prone to adverse outcomes of pregnancy. It would be prudent for these women to be followed closely during pregnancy by their obstetrical caregiver and dermatologist. Further investigation is warranted regarding the management of psoriasis during pregnancy.
Evaluation of Hemodynamic and Arterial Stifness Parameters in Women with Htais/Preeclampsia; Arterial stiffness results from a degenerative process that mainly affects extracellular matrix of the elastic arteries, under the effect of aging and the risk factors. Among the markers of cardiovascular disease, arterial stiffness has been shown to be an important parameter for the assessing cardiovascular risk. Physical activity during pregnancy offers many health benefits. Physical activity during pregnancy is associated with a reduced risk of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes or preterm birth. Material and methods We studied the incidence of hemodynamic parameters for arterial stiffness during pregnancy and after pregnancy in 100 female patients hospitalized in the Bega Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology of the Emergency County Hospital, Timisoara; some patients developed cardiovascular disease. For this study we used the Arteriograph Medexpert and studied the following parameters: PWV, PP, cardiac frequency (CF), systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP). Statistical analysis was performed with specialized programs EPI INFO for t-tests, respectively Paired t-test and Unpaired t-test. Results and discussion Physical training coordinated by the obstetrician, cardiologist and a kinesiotherapist improves hemodynamic parameters (SBP, PP, CF) in pregnant women during pregnancy. Physical activity during pregnancy can have good implications for psychological health, including the mood and self-esteem. Conclusions Physical activity remains an important measure in preventing cardiovascular disease, and brings important benefits for pregnant women. Some of the conditions experienced by newborns have a higher incidence in mothers who had no physical activity during pregnancy.
Eosinophilic/T-cell Chorionic Vasculitis: Histological and Clinical Correlations; Eosinophilic T-cell chorionic vasculitis (E/TCV) is composed of eosinophils and T-lymphocytes originating within chorionic vessels, radiating toward the intervillous space and away from the amnion in a fashion different from the fetal vascular response seen in amnionitis. Clinical significance and risk factors are not well established. We report four pregnancies (five infants, one triplet was spared) with E/TCV, gestational ranging from 23 weeks to term. All had concurrent acute chorioamnionitis, three had the typical acute fetal inflammatory response. One had placental fetal obstructive vasculopathy and an upper extremity reduction defect (radio-ulnar synostosis), the mother had pre-eclampsia. A second case involved 2 of 3 23 week previable triplets. Our third case had a metatarsus varus resistant to casting, the mother had gestational diabetes. The last case was a normal infant. We review the literature, discuss the clinical findings and present the histologic characteristics of this infrequently recognized lesion.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes among pregnant women with fibromyalgia: a population-based study of 12 million births; Purpose: Fibromyalgia (FM) is a rheumatologic disorder marked by chronic, widespread pain and associated comorbid conditions. The purpose of our study was to evaluate the effect of FM on maternal and neonatal outcomes. Methods: Using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample from 1999 to 2013, we conducted a population-based retrospective cohort study consisting of women who delivered during that period. Logistic regression was used to compare maternal and neonatal outcomes among pregnancies in women with and without FM. Results: Of 12 584 918 births during the 15-year study period, 7758 (0.06%) were to women with FM with rates increasing over the study period. Women with FM were more commonly older in age, overweight or obese, and users of alcohol, tobacco, and illicit drugs. They were more likely to experience anxiety, depression, and bipolar disorder. Women with FM were at greater risk of gestational diabetes, preterm premature rupture of membranes, and placental abruption. Women with FM more commonly had cesarean deliveries (odds ratios (OR): 1.11, 95% CI: 1.05-1.16) and births complicated by venous thromboembolism (OR: 2.34, 95% CI: 1.91-2.86). Infants of women with FM were more likely to be premature (OR: 1.35, 95% CI: 1.25-1.46) and have intrauterine growth restriction (OR: 1.48, 95% CI: 1.30-1.68). Conclusions: The prevalence of FM in pregnancy is rising in the US. FM is a high-risk pregnancy condition associated with adverse maternal and newborn outcomes.
Delivery room desaturations and bradycardia in the early postnatal period of healthy term neonates - a prospective observational study; Objective: It has been suggested that desaturations and bradycardia precede acute life-threatening events (ALTE) and that ALTE is more common in the delivery room than later in life. However, frequency, duration and severity of desaturations in the first hours of life and additional risk factors have not readily been studied. Methods: Term neonates (n = 100) were monitored for the first two hours after birth by pulse oximetry. The impact of maternal and perinatal factors on the frequency and severity of desaturations (<85%) and bradycardia (<80/min) was evaluated. Results: Desaturations were detected in 30%, prolonged desaturations in 25% of infants. Desaturations were observed significantly more often in infants born by planned Cesarean section (pCs) compared to other modes of delivery (pCs 20/49; others 10/51; p = .029). Desaturations were also more frequent in infants diagnosed with neonatal infection (NI) or infants born to a mother with gestational diabetes (GDM), although not significantly. No bradycardia Conclusions: In our collective 4% of healthy term neonates had prolonged, clinically relevant desaturations in the first hours after birth. The mode of delivery and maternal risk factors may increase the risk for these events. However, our cohort was too small to detect any ALTE or SIDS and determine potential risk factors for these events. Our data lay ground for a large-scale prospective trial to investigate whether the mode of delivery could be an indication for general pulse oximetry monitoring of newborn in the delivery room.
Insulin resistance and the long-term consequences of polycystic ovary syndrome; In a significant number of women with the polycystic ovary syndrome there is impaired insulin metabolism with hypersecretion of insulin. Insulin resistance is defined as a diminution in the glucose response to a given amount of insulin. Insulin resistance has been implicated in the pathogenesis of many aspects of the syndrome. Hyperinsulinaemia leads to increased production of androgens resulting in anovulatory infertility. Women and particularly obese women with insulin resistance and the polycystic ovary syndrome have an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes and also type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in later life. The women should be counselled about long-term health risks, and obese women with the polycystic ovary syndrome should be periodically screened. Lifestyle modification to reduce weight in obese women and treatment with insulin-sensitising drugs such as metformin in women with glucose intolerance result in the improvement of some metabolic abnormalities and hyperandrogenic disorders with the consequent restoration of normal menstrual and ovulatory function in a significant number of women with polycystic ovaries.
Diet strategies in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome; Improving insulin sensitivity and reducing hyperinsulinemia are essential components of treatment for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Many PCOS patients also show a metabolic syndrome (MetS) which is associated with gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). First-line therapy for PCOS in overweight patients is weight loss which is accompanied by an increase in insulin sensitivity and an improvement of hormonal and metabolic abnormalities. As weight loss strategies show poor compliance and few long-term effects, dietary modifications that enable these improvements without weight loss need to be endorsed. Low fat, high carbohydrate diets do not accomplish that. In contrast a low glycemic and insulinemic (LOGI) diet which focuses on the quality of carbohydrates and a reduction of carbohydrate intake improves hormonal and metabolic abnormalities even in the absence of weight loss.
No. 367-2019 Canadian Guideline for Physical Activity throughout Pregnancy; Objective: The objective is to provide guidance for pregnant women, and obstetric care and exercise professionals, on prenatal physical activity. Outcomes: The outcomes evaluated were maternal, fetal, or neonatal morbidity or fetal mortality during and following pregnancy. Evidence: Literature was retrieved through searches of Medline, EMBASE, PsycINFO, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Scopus and Web of Science Core Collection, CINAHL Plus with Full-text, Child Development & Adolescent Studies, ERIC, Sport Discus, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the Trip Database from database inception up to January 6, 2017. Primary studies of any design were eligible, except case studies. Results were limited to English, Spanish, or French language materials. Articles related to maternal physical activity during pregnancy reporting on maternal, fetal, or neonatal morbidity or fetal mortality were eligible for inclusion. The quality of evidence was rated using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) methodology. Values: The Guidelines Consensus Panel solicited feedback from end-users (obstetric care providers, exercise professionals, researchers, policy organizations, and pregnant and postpartum women). The development of this guideline followed the Appraisal of Guidelines for Research Evaluation (AGREE) II instrument. Benefits, harms, and costs: The benefits of prenatal physical activity are moderate, and no harms were identified; therefore, the difference between desirable and undesirable consequences (net benefit) is expected to be moderate. The majority of stakeholders and end-users indicated that following these recommendations would be feasible, acceptable, and equitable. Following these recommendations is likely to require minimal resources from both individual and health systems perspectives. Preamble: This guideline provide evidence-based recommendations regarding physical activity throughout pregnancy in the promotion of maternal, fetal, and neonatal health. In the absence of contraindications (see later for a detailed list), following this guideline is associated with: (1) fewer newborn complications (i.e., large for gestational age); and (2) maternal health benefits (i.e., decreased risk of preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, Caesarean section, instrumental delivery, urinary incontinence, excessive gestational weight gain, and depression; improved blood glucose; decreased total gestational weight gain; and decreased severity of depressive symptoms and lumbopelvic pain). Physical activity is not associated with miscarriage, stillbirth, neonatal death, preterm birth, preterm/prelabour rupture of membranes, neonatal hypoglycemia, low birth weight, birth defects, induction of labour, or birth complications. In general, more physical activity (frequency, duration, and/or volume) is associated with greater benefits. However, evidence was not identified regarding the safety or additional benefit of exercising at levels significantly above the recommendations. Prenatal physical activity should be considered a front-line therapy for reducing the risk of pregnancy complications and enhancing maternal physical and mental health. For pregnant women not currently meeting this guideline, a progressive adjustment toward them is recommended. Previously active women may continue physical activity throughout pregnancy. Women may need to modify physical activity as pregnancy progresses. There may be periods when following the guideline is not possible due to fatigue and/or discomforts of pregnancy; women are encouraged to do what they can and to return to following the recommendations when they are able. This guideline were informed by an extensive systematic review of the literature, expert opinion, end-user consultation and considerations of feasibility, acceptability, costs, and equity.
<i>Drosophila</i> <i>melanogaster</i>: An emerging model of transgenerational effects of maternal obesity; The prevalence of obesity in the world is endemic with one rapidly growing health concern being maternal obesity. Obesity during pregnancy increases the risk of gestational diabetes, miscarriage, and preeclampsia, while rendering offspring susceptible to developmental anomalies and long-term metabolic complications including type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Several studies in humans and rodents demonstrate a correlation between the risks of maternal overnutrition and factors such as epigenetics, mitochondrial dysfunction, insulin resistance, ER stress, and immune system disruption. At present, the molecular mechanisms connecting these factors to maternal obesity are unknown. This review focuses on the use of Drosophila melanogaster to study human metabolic diseases, including obesity, and its emerging use to elucidate the mechanisms of maternal overnutrition and the impact on offspring. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
The intergenerational effects of fetal programming: non-genomic mechanisms for the inheritance of low birth weight and cardiovascular risk; Many epidemiological studies in diverse populations have demonstrated a link between low birth weight and subsequent disease. This evidence has given rise to the fetal origins hypothesis, which suggests that exposure of the fetus to an adverse environment in utero leads to permanent programming of tissue function and a risk of cardiovascular disease. An alternative hypothesis is that low birth weight and adult cardiovascular disease are independent features of a genetic predisposition to cardiovascular disease. This review describes evidence that the programming phenomenon may not be limited to the first generation offspring. Results of human and animal studies identify intergenerational programmed effects on both birth weight and cardiovascular disease. This may represent a mechanism for the non-genetic inheritance of a predisposition to low birth weight and adverse cardiovascular risk across a number of generations.
Contraception in women with diabetes; Individual consultation on contraception for women with diabetes mellitus and women after gestational diabetes is an important component of the interdisciplinary care concept. Safe contraception and a planned pregnancy are important because preconceptional optimization of metabolism plays an essential role in reducing the frequency of malformations in children of diabetic mothers. The assessment and treatment of diabetes-specific complications (e.g. retinopathy, nephropathy with or without hypertension, neuropathy, coronary heart disease and other macroangiopathies) before conception is decisive for the course of pregnancy. In addition a potential influence of the method of contraception on metabolism, in particular on carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, and diabetes-specific complications must be considered. The consultation should include the estimated planned duration of the use of a method.
Maternal modifiable factors and risk of congenital heart defects: systematic review and causality assessment; Objective Primary prevention strategies are critical to reduce the global burden of congenital heart defects (CHDs); this requires robust knowledge of causal agents. We aimed to review associations between CHDs and maternal advanced age, obesity, diabetes, hypertension, smoking and alcohol consumption and assess the causal nature of the associations.Design Systematic review of reviews with application of a Bradford Hill criteria score-based causal assessment system.Data sources We searched PubMed, Embase and Episteminokos (January 1990-April 2023).Eligibility criteria Systematic reviews of original epidemiological studies reporting association (relative risk) between one or more of the above maternal factors and CHDs overall (any type) in subsequent offspring.Data extraction and synthesis Two independent reviewers selected eligible reviews, assessed the risk of bias and assigned the strength of evidence for causality.Results There was strong evidence of a causal relationship between CHDs and maternal obesity (prepregnancy and early pregnancy) and pre-existing diabetes (six of seven Bradford Hill criteria met). For pre-existing hypertension (strength and biological gradient not met), and advanced age (strength, consistency and biological gradient not met), causal evidence was moderate. Evidence for the causal contribution of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, smoking and alcohol consumption was weak (strength, consistency, temporality and biological gradient not met).Conclusions CHDs can be reduced with stronger action to reduce maternal obesity and pre-existing diabetes prevalence. Investigating environmental exposures that have received limited attention, such as air pollutants and chemical exposures, is important to further inform prevention.
Advanced Maternal Age Worsens Postpartum Vascular Function; The age at which women experience their first pregnancy has increased throughout the decades. Pregnancy has an important influence on maternal short-and long-term cardiovascular outcomes. Pregnancy at an advanced maternal age increases maternal risk of gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, placenta previa and caesarian delivery; complications which predict worsened cardiovascular health in later years. Aging also independently increases the risk of cardiovascular disease; therefore, combined risk in women of advanced maternal age may lead to detrimental cardiovascular outcomes later in life. We hypothesized that pregnancy at an advanced maternal age would lead to postpartum vascular dysfunction. We used a reproductively aged rat model to investigate vascular function in never pregnant (virgin), previously pregnant (postpartum) and previously mated but never delivered (nulliparous) rats at approximately 13.5 months of age (3 months postpartum or equivalent). Nulliparous rats, in which pregnancy was spontaneously lost, demonstrated significantly reduced aortic relaxation responses (methylcholine [MCh] Emax: 54.2 +/- 12.6%) vs. virgin and postpartum rats (MCh Emax: 84.8 +/- 3.5% and 84.7 +/- 3.2% respectively); suggesting pregnancy loss causes a worsened vascular pathology. Oxidized LDL reduced relaxation to MCh in aorta from virgin and postpartum, but not nulliparous rats, with an increased contribution of the LOX-1 receptor in the postpartum group. Further, in mesenteric arteries from postpartum rats, endothelium-derived hyperpolarization (EDH)-mediated vasodilation was reduced and a constrictive prostaglandin effect was apparent. In conclusion, aged postpartum rats exhibited vascular dysfunction, while rats which had pregnancy loss demonstrated a distinct vascular pathology. These data demonstrate mechanisms which may lead to worsened outcomes at an advanced maternal age; including early pregnancy loss and later life cardiovascular dysfunction.
Precision Medicine in Patients with Differential Diabetic Phenotypes:Novel Opportunities from Network Medicine; Introduction: Diabetes mellitus (DM) comprises differential clinical phenotypes ranging from rare monogenic to common polygenic forms, such as type 1 (T1DM), type 2 (T2DM), and gestational diabetes, which are associated with cardiovascular complications. Also, the high-risk prediabetic state is rising worldwide, suggesting the urgent need for early personalized strategies to prevent and treat a hyperglycemic state. Objective: We aim to discuss the advantages and challenges of Network Medicine approaches in clarifying disease-specific molecular pathways, which may open novel ways for repurposing approved drugs to reach diabetes precision medicine and personalized therapy. Conclusion: The interactome or protein-protein interactions (PPIs) is a useful tool to identify subtle molecular differences between precise diabetic phenotypes and predict putative novel drugs. Despite being previously unappreciated as T2DM determinants, the growth factor receptor-bound protein 14 (GRB14), calmodulin 2 (CALM2), and protein kinase C-alpha (PRKCA) might have a relevant role in disease pathogenesis. Besides, in silico platforms have suggested that diflunisal, nabumetone, niflumic acid, and valdecoxib may be suitable for the treatment of T1DM; phenoxybenzamine and idazoxan for the treatment of T2DM by improving insulin secretion; and hydroxychloroquine reduce the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) by counteracting inflammation. Network medicine has the potential to improve precision medicine in diabetes care and enhance personalized therapy. However, only randomized clinical trials will confirm the clinical utility of network-oriented biomarkers and drugs in the management of DM.
Obesity in Pregnancy: A Comprehensive Review of Influential Guidelines; ImportanceObesity is one of the most common clinical entities complicating pregnancies and is associated with short- and long-term consequences for both the mother and the offspring.ObjectiveThe aim of this study were to review and compare the most recently published influential guidelines on the management of maternal obesity in the preconceptional, antenatal, intrapartum, and postpartum period.Evidence AcquisitionA descriptive review of guidelines from the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics, the Society of Obstetricians and Gynecologists of Canada, the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, and the Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists on obesity in pregnancy was carried out.ResultsThere is an overall agreement among the reviewed guidelines regarding the importance of prepregnancy weight loss with behavioral modification, optimization of gestational weight gain, and screening for comorbidities in improving pregnancy outcomes of obese women. Women with previous bariatric surgery should be screened for nutritional deficiencies and have a closer antenatal surveillance, according to all guidelines. In addition, folic acid supplementation is recommended for 1 to 3 months before conception and during the first trimester, but several discrepancies were identified with regard to other vitamins, iodine, calcium, and iron supplementation. All medical societies recommend early screening for gestational diabetes mellitus and early anesthetic assessment in obese women and suggest the use of aspirin for the prevention of preeclampsia when additional risk factors are present, although the optimal dosage is controversial. The International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics, Society of Obstetricians and Gynecologists of Canada, Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, and Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists point out that specific equipment and adequate resources must be readily available in all health care facilities managing obese pregnant women. Moreover, thromboprophylaxis and prophylactic antibiotics are indicated in case of cesarean delivery, and intrapartum fetal monitoring is justified during active labor in obese patients. However, there are no consistent protocols regarding the fetal surveillance, the monitoring of multiple gestations, the timing and mode of delivery, and the postpartum follow-up, although weight loss and breastfeeding are unanimously supported.ConclusionsObesity in pregnancy is a significant contributor to maternal and perinatal morbidity with a constantly rising global prevalence among reproductive-aged women. Thus, the development of uniform international protocols for the effective management of obese women is of paramount importance to safely guide clinical practice and subsequently improve pregnancy outcomes.Target AudienceObstetricians and gynecologists, family physicians.Learning ObjectivesAfter participating in this activity, the learner should be able to assess maternal obesity and describe its associated pregnancy complications; explain the preconceptional, antenatal, and intrapartum management of obese pregnant women; and propose strategies for the postpartum management of obese women.
Maternal and Neonatal Outcomes of Sub-clinical Hypothyroidism Treated With Levothyroxine in Pregnancy: A Retrospective Cohort Study; Introduction: The effect of sub-clinical hypothyroidism (SCH) in pregnancy has been controversial. Furthermore, the impact of levothyroxine replacement on improving outcomes in pregnant women with SCH is unknown. This study aimed to assess the maternal and neonatal outcomes of pregnant women with SCH who were treated with levothyroxine replacement. Methods: This retrospective chart review was conducted at a tertiary hospital in Iran between 2020 and 2022. All pregnant women who had given birth during the study period were recruited. Those who did not have thyroid function test results within 10-12 weeks, as well as those with SCH who did not have levothyroxine replacement, were excluded. The subjects were divided into two groups based on the 2017 American Thyroid Association (ATA) criteria: non-SCH (TSH values 0.27-2.5 mIU/L) and SCH (TSH values more than 4.0 mIU/L). The demographic, obstetric, maternal, and neonatal outcomes of both groups were compared. The Chi-square test was used to compare the categorical variables. Binary logistic regression was used to assess differences in categorical variables. Results: With a frequency of 10.5%, 935 women out of 8888 were diagnosed with SCH. In terms of age, educational level, living residency, medical insurance, access to prenatal care, and smoking status, there were no differences between the two groups. In terms of gestational age, parity, onset of labor, history of infertility, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, anemia, and overt diabetes, there were no differences between the two groups; however, gestational diabetes was more common in those with SCH. Compared with the non-SCH group, the prevalence and risks of gestational diabetes [19.8 vs. 14.2, odds ratio (OR) = 1.14, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.72-3.95] were significantly higher in the SCH group after controlling for confounding factors. There were no differences in neonatal outcomes between the two groups. Conclusions: Except for gestational diabetes, we found no significant adverse events in terms of maternal and neonatal outcomes among women with SCH who were treated with levothyroxine.
Impact of Maternal Diabetes on Epigenetic Modifications Leading to Diseases in the Offspring; Gestational diabetes, occurring during the hyperglycemic period of pregnancy in maternal life, is a pathologic state that increases the incidence of complications in both mother and fetus. Offspring thus exposed to an adverse fetal and early postnatal environment may manifest increased susceptibility to a number of chronic diseases later in life. Compelling evidence for the role of epigenetic transmission in these complications has come from comparison of siblings born before and after the development of maternal diabetes, exposure to this intrauterine diabetic environment being shown to cause alterations in fetal growth patterns which predispose these infants to developing overweight and obesity later in life. Diabetes of the offspring is also mainly the consequence of exposure to the diabetic intrauterine environment, in addition to genetic susceptibility. Since obesity and diabetes are known to increase the risk of cardiovascular disease, cardiovascular sequelae in the offspring of diabetic mothers are virtually inevitable. Research data also suggest that exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment during pregnancy is associated with an increase in dyslipidemia, subclinical vascular inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction processes in the offspring, all of which are linked with development of cardiovascular disease later in life. The main underlying mechanisms involve persistent hyperglycemia hyperinsulinemia and leptin resistance.
Dietary recommendations for polycystic ovary syndrome; Improving insulin sensitivity and reducing hyperinsulinemia are essential parts of treatment for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Many PCOS patients feature the metabolic syndrome which predicts gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease (CVD), and certain cancers. First-line therapy for PCOS in overweight patients is weight loss. This is accompanied by an increase in insulin sensitivity and an improvement of hormonal and metabolic abnormalities. As weight loss strategies show poor compliance and little long-term effects, dietary modifications that enable these improvements without weight loss need to be considered. Low-fat, high-carbohydrate diets not only induce high glycemic and insulinemic responses but also worsen dyslipidemia. In contrast a "low glycemic and insulinemic diet" (LOGI) which focuses on the quality of carbohydrates and a reduction of carbohydrate intake improves hormonal and metabolic abnormalities even in the absence of weight loss.
The metabolic syndrome in obstetrics; Objective: To review the features that have Metabolic Syndrome in Obstetrics and describe the management of obese pregnant women. Material and methods: A review updated literature, indicating the diagnostic criteria for SM, with special reference to the complications that can arise when the SM occurs during pregnancy. It also shows the management of obese pregnant women. Results: Emphasize that the SM in pregnancy causes adverse outcomes, including preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, cardiovascular disease, intrauterine growth retardation and fetal death. Similarly, obesity is established, the basic criterion for the existence of SM, also causes significant complications during pregnancy, with increased maternal and fetal morbidity. Conclusions: This demonstrates that there is a high rate of pregnancy complications associated with the presence of SM. Moreover, pregnancy in obese pregnant women should always be considered high risk. (C) 2010 Elsevier Espana, S.L. All rights reserved.
Health Care Professional's Knowledge of Pregnancy Complications and Women's Cardiovascular Health: An International Study Utilizing Social Media; Background: Despite guidelines recommending the evaluation of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) as a part of the atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk assessment in women, there is limited awareness of this issue in health care professionals. We sought to evaluate the extent of this gap in knowledge.Methods: An online study using a standardized questionnaire was advertised through newsletters and websites of professional organizations. After a low response rate, the link to the survey was announced on Twitter and via personal email invitations. Differences between groups of respondents were evaluated with z-tests of proportion.Results: Out of 446 complete responses, there were 315 cardiologists and 112 obstetricians and gynecologists (OBGyns). There was an >90% awareness of association of adverse maternal outcomes with gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes with ASCVD, but only <60% awareness of association of adverse maternal outcomes with preterm birth. There were significant differences in ASCVD risk assessment and awareness of the association of APOs with adverse outcomes between cardiologists and OBGyns, and between female and male cardiologists. A greater proportion of female cardiologists thought that the guidelines recommended annual follow-up for high-risk women. Conversely, a greater proportion of male cardiologists were unsure of the frequency of follow-up of such women in the relevant guidelines. A higher proportion of U.K. respondents thought that women with high-risk pregnancies should never be screened for cardiovascular disease postpartum compared with U.S. respondents.Conclusions: In a self-selected group of health care professionals interested in women's cardiovascular health, there remains a large gap in knowledge and awareness of the association of APOs with ASCVD risk, in particular, a lack of awareness of the association of ASCVD risk with preterm delivery. Specific target groups for improving knowledge regarding these sex-specific risk enhancers include male cardiologists and health care professionals practicing in the United Kingdom.
The Integration of Clinical Decision Support Systems Into Telemedicine for Patients With Multimorbidity in Primary Care Settings: Scoping Review; Background: Multimorbidity, the presence of more than one condition in a single individual, is a global health issue in primary care. Multimorbid patients tend to have a poor quality of life and suffer from a complicated care process. Clinical decision support systems (CDSSs) and telemedicine are the common information and communication technologies that have been used to reduce the complexity of patient management. However, each element of telemedicine and CDSSs is often examined separately and with great variability. Telemedicine has been used for simple patient education as well as more complex consultations and case management. For CDSSs, there is variability in data inputs, intended users, and outputs. Thus, there are several gaps in knowledge about how to integrate CDSSs into telemedicine and to what extent these integrated technological interventions can help improve patient outcomes for those with multimorbidity. Objective: Our aims were to (1) broadly review system designs for CDSSs that have been integrated into each function of telemedicine for multimorbid patients in primary care, (2) summarize the effectiveness of the interventions, and (3) identify gaps in the literature. Methods: An online search for literature was conducted up to November 2021 on PubMed, Embase, CINAHL, and Cochrane. Searching from the reference lists was done to find additional potential studies. The eligibility criterion was that the study focused on the use of CDSSs in telemedicine for patients with multimorbidity in primary care. The system design for the CDSS was extracted based on its software and hardware, source of input, input, tasks, output, and users. Each component was grouped by telemedicine functions: telemonitoring, teleconsultation, tele-case management, and tele-education. Results: Seven experimental studies were included in this review: 3 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 4 non-RCTs. The interventions were designed to manage patients with diabetes mellitus, hypertension, polypharmacy, and gestational diabetes mellitus. CDSSs can be used for various telemedicine functions: telemonitoring (eg, feedback), teleconsultation (eg, guideline suggestions, advisory material provisions, and responses to simple queries), tele-case management (eg, sharing information across facilities and teams), and tele-education (eg, patient self-management). However, the structure of CDSSs, such as data input, tasks, output, and intended users or decision-makers, varied. With limited studies examining varying clinical outcomes, there was inconsistent evidence of the clinical effectiveness of the interventions. Conclusions: Telemedicine and CDSSs have a role in supporting patients with multimorbidity. CDSSs can likely be integrated into telehealth services to improve the quality and accessibility of care. However, issues surrounding such interventions need to be further explored. These issues include expanding the spectrum of medical conditions examined; examining tasks of CDSSs, particularly for screening and diagnosis of multiple conditions; and exploring the role of the patient as the direct user of the CDSS.
Pregnancy in a woman with proportionate (primordial) dwarfism: a case report and literature review; Primordial dwarfism is a rare form of severe proportionate dwarfism which poses significant challenges in pregnancy. A 27-year-old with primordial dwarfism (height 97 cm, weight 22 kg) and coexisting morbidities of familial hypercholesterolaemia and hypertension presented to our unit. Early pregnancy was complicated by difficult blood pressure control, sinus tachycardia, biochemical hyperthyroidism and insulin-requiring gestational diabetes. Delivery was indicated at 24 weeks with uncontrollable hypertension, progressive renal impairment and intrauterine growth restriction. A caesarean section was performed under general anaesthesia, resulting in the delivery of a 486 g male infant. This case highlights the difficulties of managing pregnancy in a woman with primordial dwarfism. Her limited capacity to respond to the physiological demands of pregnancy created a life-threatening situation, culminating in profound preterm birth.
Prenatal Exercise and Cardiovascular Health (PEACH) study: impact of meal timing and pre-exercise blood glucose values on glycemic responses to acute exercise in pregnancy; We retrospectively analyzed data from 28 participants engaging in moderate-intensity aerobic exercise (265 sessions; 25- 40 min) between 18-34 weeks gestation (NCT 02948439). The mean change in blood glucose (BG) from pre-to post-acute exercise session was -1.0 +/- 1.2 mmol/L. Pre-exercise BG significantly predicted the change in BG (p < 0.001), even when controlling for meal timing, exercise duration, and gestational age. Hypoglycemia only occurred in 3% of sessions. Therefore, in healthy pregnancy the change in BG during exercise is small and primarily related to pre-exercise BG values.
Perinatal Health of Women with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities and Comorbid Mental Illness; Objective: Women with intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD) have high rates of adverse perinatal outcomes. However, the perinatal health of women with co-occurring IDD and mental illness (dual diagnosis) is largely unknown. Our objectives were to 1) describe a cohort of women with dual diagnosis in terms of their social and health characteristics and 2) compare their risks for adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes to those of women with IDD only. Method: We conducted a population-based study using linked Ontario (Canada) health and social services administrative data to identify singleton obstetric deliveries to women with dual diagnosis (n = 2080) and women with IDD only (n = 1852; 2002-2012). Primary maternal outcomes were gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia/eclampsia, and venous thromboembolism. Primary neonatal outcomes were preterm birth, small for gestational age, and large for gestational age. We also examined several secondary outcomes. Results: Women with dual diagnosis were more likely than women with IDD only to live in poor neighborhoods and to have prepregnancy health conditions; however, they had more frequent prenatal care. Infants born to women with dual diagnosis had increased risks for preterm birth (adjusted relative risk [aRR] 1.31, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.08 to 1.59) and neonatal morbidity (aRR 1.35, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.76) compared with infants born to women with IDD only. All other primary and secondary outcomes were nonsignificant. Conclusions: Comorbid mental illness contributes little additional risk for adverse perinatal outcomes among women with IDD. Women with dual diagnosis and women with IDD alone require increased surveillance for maternal and neonatal complications.
Cushing's syndrome in pregnancy with a severe maternal complication: A case report; Cushing's syndrome (CS) in pregnancy may be confused with a complication of pregnancy, such as pre-eclampsia or gestational diabetes. We managed a case of CS in pregnancy that was considered to be severe pre-eclampsia due to uncontrolled hypertension. The fetus was delivered via emergency cesarean section at 31 weeks' gestation because of severe pre-eclampsia and pulmonary edema. The parturient was admitted to the intensive care unit for severe maternal complications, including pulmonary hemorrhage, acute renal failure, disseminated intravascular coagulopathy, and congestive heart failure. A spine magnetic resonance image and 99m-technetium whole-body scan obtained postpartum showed multiple thoracolumbar spine compression fractures (Deleted; t-2,5,8,10,11, and -12; and L-1,2,3,4, and -5), multiple rib fractures, and a left iliac bone fracture due to osteoporosis. As a result of diagnosing CS after delivery, an adrenal cortical adenoma of the right adrenal gland was demonstrated and a laparoscopic adrenalectomy was successfully performed.
In-patient management of diabetes mellitus and patient satisfaction; Aims To devise a system for assessing in-patient glycaemic control and care satisfaction in diabetic patients admitted to hospital for reasons other than their diabetes. Methods Consecutive January to March 2001 case-notes were reviewed. Admissions with acute metabolic complications, acute myocardial infarction and pregestational or gestational diabetes were excluded. Glycaemic control, frequency of blood monitoring and management of hyperglycaemia were recorded. The diabetes treatment satisfaction questionnaire was used to assess preadmission satisfaction with care. Post-admission a 12-stem questionnaire was used to assess satisfaction with in-patient diabetes management. Results Hypoglycaemia was common. Although none developed a hyperglycaemic emergency, high blood glucose was prevalent and, frequently, persistent hyperglycaemia or recurrent hypoglycaemia was not acted on appropriately. The overall score for in-patient satisfaction with treatment was fair (4.1 +/- 1.8 on a six-point scale; 6 = very satisfied and 1 = very dissatisfied). Scores were higher among patients on surgical wards than on medical wards (P = 0.008), but satisfaction did not vary when patients were stratified according to sex, age and mode of treatment. Conclusion Current systems are not achieving satisfactory in-patient glycaemic control and there is poor satisfaction with medical in-patient diabetes care. Following changes intended to produce improvements, this assessment system can be used recurrently to monitor in-patient care and satisfaction.
Maternal arterial stiffness and fetal cardiovascular physiology in diabetic pregnancy; Objectives In mothers with pregestational or gestational diabetes, abnormal arterial stiffness (stiffer arteries) has been reported. The impact of abnormal maternal arterial stiffness on placental and fetal cardiovascular physiology is unknown. The purpose of this study was to determine the impact of maternal diabetes on maternal arterial stiffness and the association with fetal cardiovascular physiology as measured by fetal echocardiography. Methods Between December 2013 and January 2017 a prospective study was conducted on diabetic (but otherwise healthy) and non-diabetic, healthy pregnant mothers aged 18-40 years at 20-28 weeks' gestation who had a normal fetal cardiac echocardiogram and obstetric ultrasound. Clinical data were collected by means of a patient questionnaire and measurement of blood pressure, height, weight, arterial augmentation index (AIx) and placental and fetal cardiovascular parameters were collected by fetal echocardiography. Descriptive statistics were calculated. Comparisons were made using parametric and non-parametric tests between controls and diabetic mothers. Results Twenty-three healthy pregnant controls and 43 diabetic pregnant women (22 with pregestational and 21 with gestational diabetes) were included in the study. Maternal AIx was higher in those with diabetes than in healthy controls (12.4 +/- 10.6% vs 4.6 +/- 7.9%; P=0.003). Fetal aortic valve (AoV) velocity time integral (VTI) was higher in fetuses whose mothers had diabetes than in those with non-diabetic mothers (7.7 +/- 1.9 cm vs 6.3 +/- 3.0 cm; P=0.022). Left ventricular (LV) myocardial performance index (MPI) was lower in diabetic pregnancies than in controls (0.40 +/- 0.09 vs 0.46 +/- 0.11; P=0.021). Umbilical artery (UA) resistance index (RI) was lower in diabetic pregnancies with glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels >= 6.5% than in those with HbA1c levels <6.5% (0.69 +/- 0.06, n=15 vs 0.76 +/- 0.08, n=21; P=0.009) but not at higher HbA1C cut-offs. No correlation between AIx and AoV-VTI, LV-MPI or UA-RI was found. Conclusions Arterial stiffness is higher in pregnant women with diabetes than in controls. Fetuses of diabetic mothers show altered cardiovascular parameters, with higher AoV-VTI and lower LV-MPI, which are markers of myocardial function. Placental function assessed by UA-RI was normal despite differences between groups. Arterial stiffness did not correlate with placental or fetal cardiovascular variables. Instead, the findings are likely to represent a shared response to the environment of abnormal glucose metabolism. The clinical significance of these findings is yet to be determined. Copyright (c) 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Maternal Obesity: A Focus on Maternal Interventions to Improve Health of Offspring; Maternal obesity has many implications for offspring health that persist throughout their lifespan that include obesity and cardiovascular complications. Several different factors contribute to obesity and they encompass interplay between genetics and environment. In the prenatal period, untreated obesity establishes a foundation for a myriad of symptoms and negative delivery experiences, including gestational hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, macrosomia, and labor complications. However, data across human and animal studies show promise that nutritional interventions and physical activity may rescue much of the adverse effects of obesity on offspring metabolic health. Further, these maternal interventions improve the health of the offspring by reducing weight gain, cardiovascular disorders, and improving glucose tolerance. Mechanisms from animal studies have also been proposed to elucidate the signaling pathways that regulate inflammation, lipid metabolism, and oxidative capacity of the tissue, ultimately providing potential specific courses of treatment. This review aims to pinpoint the risks of maternal obesity and provide plausible intervention strategies. We delve into recent research involving both animal and human studies with maternal interventions. With the increasing concerning of obesity rates witnessed in the United States, it is imperative to acknowledge the long-term effects posed on future generations and specifically modify maternal nutrition and care to mitigate these adverse outcomes.
Preventing and treating obesity in girls and young women to curb the epidemic; KRAL, JOHN G. Preventing and treating obesity in girls and young women to curb the epidemic. Obes Res. 2004; 12: 1539-1546. Obesity and its serious comorbidities, type 2 diabetes, coronary heart disease, hypertension, and dyslipidemia, have reached epidemic proportions in adults and children. Female obesity is more prevalent and, thus, has greater epidemiological importance: Mothers transmit the disease epigenetically and genetically. Maternal obesity affects maternal health, ne, and fetal, neonatal, pregnancy outcome childhood, and ultimately adult morbidity and mortality. Obesity is easy to diagnose, as are most of its risk factors, yet very little progress has been made in preventing the disease. During a brief period of rapid early growth, there is imprinting of antecedents of adult obesity and obesity-related disease. Because of the rapidity of this early growth and the relative brevity of the critical period, early recognition and prompt intervention are necessary and possibly sufficient to prevent the development of obesity. Identification of inappropriate rapid weight gain through frequent weighing should trigger immediate adjustment of energy intake, a simple intervention in bottle-fed infants, the ones at greatest risk for becoming, obese. This review presents a step-care strategy with fail-safe action levels starting with maternal education and diet, exercise, and behavior modification for mother and child and progressing to drug treatment and. in selected cases, laparoscopic surgery for young women of childbearing age in whom other measures have failed. This approach is predicated on the assumption that careful monitoring and C, responsive supplementation of potential deficiencies is easier to achieve, more cost-effective, and safer than effectively treating manifest obesity and its comorbidities in adults.
Screening for the early detection of disease, the need for evidence; Background: Screening for the early detection of disease has had a spotted history. Structured approaches to the process of gathering and evaluating evidence, with the emphasis on well-controlled randomized studies, have greatly improved the beneficial potential of appropriate and effective screening. Good quality evidence will contribute to quality health care. Issues: The volunteer participants in screening programs must give fully informed consent. This means that they must be presented with clear and accurate statements of the advantages and disadvantages of the screening program. Among the screening programs that have been conducted include hyperhomocysteinemia and coronary artery disease, Down's syndrome, Neonatal Group B streptococcal disease, Type 2 diabetes mellitus and endometrial cancer. The evidence in these studies has strengths and weaknesses as to how they support or oppose a particular intervention. The laboratory has a major role to play in establishing and validating standards of accuracy for diagnostic tests. Agreement on standards and their application does not mean the end of different interpretation and controversy. Conclusions: Laboratory physicians and scientists will be very effective consultants if they have the best available, high quality evidence for the appropriate use of laboratory tests. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Rationale and design of South Asian Birth Cohort (START): a Canada-India collaborative study; Background: People who originate from the Indian subcontinent (South Asians) suffer among the highest rates of type 2 diabetes in the world. Prior evidence suggests that metabolic risk factors develop early in life and are influenced by maternal and paternal behaviors, the intrauterine environment, and genetic factors. The South Asian Birth Cohort Study (START) will investigate the environmental and genetic basis of adiposity among 750 South Asian offspring recruited from highly divergent environments, namely, rural and urban India and urban Canada. Methods: Detailed information on health behaviors including diet and physical activity, and blood samples for metabolic parameters and DNA are collected from pregnant women of South Asian ancestry who are free of significant chronic disease. They also undergo a provocative test to diagnose impaired glucose tolerance and gestational diabetes. At delivery, cord blood and newborn anthropometric indices (i.e. birth weight, length, head circumference and skin fold thickness) are collected. The mother and growing offspring are followed prospectively and information on the growth trajectory, adiposity and health behaviors will be collected annually up to age 3 years. Our aim is to recruit a minimum of 750 mother-infant pairs equally divided between three divergent environments: rural India, urban India, and Canada. Summary: The START cohort will increase our understanding of the environmental and genetic determinants of adiposity and related metabolic abnormalities among South Asians living in India and Canada.
Doula Support and Pregnancy-Related Complications and Death Among Childbearing Women in the United States: A Scoping Review; IntroductionThe potential benefits of perinatal doula support are many; however, doulas are underutilized, which may heighten pregnancy-related complications. In this scoping review, we assess the influence of perinatal doula support on pregnancy-related complications and death in the United States. MethodsWe searched PubMed, CINAHL, Scopus, and Alt HealthWatch for literature on doula support and its influence on pregnancy-related complications (maternal fever or infection, postpartum hemorrhage, amniotic fluid embolism, complications from anesthesia, preeclampsia, eclampsia, cardiomyopathy, pulmonary or thrombotic embolism, and cerebrovascular accident). Peer-reviewed articles written in English and conducted in the United States from 1969 to 2021 were included. Screening at all levels was blinded. We extracted data based on title, author, year, design, population, sample size, methods, limitations, recommendations, and definition of doula support. ResultsFollowing removal of duplicates, review of 3679 article titles and abstracts yielded 42 articles for full-text review; 3 articles met final inclusion criteria. One included study focused on intrapartum doula support and 2 on doula support that extended throughout the perinatal period. Within the included studies, doula support was associated with decreased rates of intrapartum maternal fever and gestational hypertension; however, it was not associated with decreased rates of gestational diabetes or depression. DiscussionThe literature has addressed the benefits of perinatal doula support, but studies with validated tools to examine associations between doula support and pregnancy-related complications and death are lacking. The studies that addressed intrapartum and continuous doula care included large generalizable samples, from which future research can draw to improve the practice of caring for patients during the perinatal period. Extensive research shows that unfavorable conditions can influence perinatal outcomes across generations. Implementing doula support may offer a potential approach to reduce and help alleviate resulting disparities in perinatal health.
Contraception in diabetic women; Diabetic women who attend a consultation must have a special advice about effective contraception, so that pregnancies can be planned. Combined oral contraceptives are the most used oral contraception. They have very little metabolic effects on glycemic control or lipid factors. Their vascular effects have been studied in very few specific studies. There is no argument that microangiopathy is affected by contraception, but combined oral contraceptives are contraindicated in case of advanced micro-angiopathy. The main problem is cardiovascular risk, and an age over 35, smoking or hypertension limit the indication of combined oral contraceptives in type 2 diabetic women. Intra uterine device, implants and progestinonly oral contraception are then recommended.
Questionnaire to Assess Nutritional Intake in Risk Groups; Nutrition assessment methods in German language which consider the variety of available foods in Germany as well as critical intake patterns with regard to the development of the metabolic syndrome are scarce. A questionnaire to assess nutritional intake in risk groups (NARI) which has been tested in pilot studies is now available as a standardized instrument for qualitative and semi-quantitative evaluation of groups which are prone to develop the metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes and/or cardiovascular disease over time. The nutrition assessment method includes a semiquantitative Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ 85) as well as detailed questions to determine also intakes of supplements and foods which may influence lipid metabolism. The nutrition assessment instrument can be self-filled in by the study population within 30-40 minutes and therefore can be realistically employed in prospective epidemiological studies with larger cohorts also under time and cost aspects.
Non-communicable Diseases in Pregnant and Postpartum Women Living with HIV: Implications for Health Throughout the Life Course; Purpose of Review The development of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) in pregnant women living with HIV can be a harbinger of future NCD-related morbidity and mortality. This review focuses on the NCDs that complicate pregnancy and the postpartum period, including hypertensive complications, hyperglycemic disorders, excessive gestational weight gain, and bone mineral density losses. For each disease process, we explore the role of HIV as a possible driver of excess risk, the immediate consequences of these complications on pregnancy outcomes and maternal and infant health, and possible implications for long-term women's health. Recent Findings Countries with the highest burden of HIV also shoulder a high burden of NCDs that complicate pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders, hyperglycemic disorders, weight gain, and osteopenia. This double burden of disease is a significant public health threat for reproductive-age women, with the potential for serious short- and long-term consequences for both women and their infants. Additionally, as the global first-line antiretroviral therapy regimens increasingly include integrase inhibitors, unhealthy weight gain associated with this drug class poses additional risk for NCD-related pregnancy complications and their persistence postpartum. Further research is needed to better define prevalence of NCD complications in pregnancy, elucidate HIV-specific and traditional factors associated with poor outcomes, and to develop interventions to reduce risk and avoid downstream complications in those at highest risk.
Anaesthetic management of caesarean section in pregnancy with diabetes and hypertrophic myocardiopathy with restrictive diastolic dysfunction; Haemodynamic changes that occur during pregnancy are maximal between 28 and 34 weeks. In the pregnant woman with several associated diseases, such as hypertensive myocardiopathy and pre-gestational diabetes, these changes can lead to a difficult control of pulmonary hypertension and acute pulmonary oedema. We report the case of a pregnant woman with long term type 1 diabetes mellitus who suffered pre-eclampsia in a previous pregnancy, and since then developed hypertensive cardiomyopathy. She was admitted at 30 week gestation for metabolic and blood pressure control, and developed congestive cardiac failure after the administration of betamethasone for foetal lung maturity. A transthoracic echocardiogram showed a non-dilated hypertrophic left ventricle with good systolic function, restrictive diastolic dysfunction and moderate pulmonary arterial hypertension. When her general condition improved, we performed a caesarean section under regional anaesthesia to prevent the complications of pulmonary and systemic hypertension. We present the anaesthetic management and resolution of complications after oxytocin administration. (C) 2011 Sociedad Espanola de Anestesiologia, Reanimacion y Terapeutica del Dolor. Published by Elsevier Espana, S.L. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy Following Heart Transplantation: A Single Centre Case Series and Review of the Literature; Background Maternal and fetal outcomes of pregnancy amongst cardiac transplant recipients are limited in the current literature. Methods We describe five pregnancies in three cardiac transplant recipients managed between a tertiary centre for obstetric medicine and an associated state-wide transplant centre between 2014-2018, and provide a narrative review of the literature. Results Pre-conception counselling was undertaken. There were no recent rejection episodes and all women demonstrated good baseline cardiac function. Median maternal age was 27 years (range 23-38 yrs.). Median time from transplantation to pregnancy was 5 years (range 2-14 yrs.). All women were managed with modified immunosuppressant regimens and multidisciplinary care. Cardiac function, tacrolimus levels and renal function were closely monitored with frequent monitoring for common complications of pregnancy. There were no maternal or fetal deaths. There was no evidence of graft rejection and no deterioration in cardiac function. Tacrolimus doses were increased to maintain therapeutic targets. Gestational diabetes occurred in three women and cholestasis of pregnancy occurred in one. Each infant was delivered by vaginal delivery. One mother had postpartum haemorrhage in both pregnancies. Pre-eclampsia did not occur. Median gestation at delivery was 37 weeks (range 35+4-40+5 days) with two preterm deliveries. One (1) infant was born with low birth weight. One (1) infant had jaundice requiring phototherapy. All infants were breastfed. Conclusion Pregnancy in transplant recipients confers risk to the mother and fetus. Pre-conception counselling, immunosuppressant tailoring and regular monitoring are paramount to avoid rejection and possible teratogenic complications. Favourable pregnancy outcomes are achievable with specialist multidisciplinary care.
Study of Women, Infant feeding, and Type 2 diabetes mellitus after GDM pregnancy (SWIFT), a prospective cohort study: methodology and design; Background: Women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes within 5 years after delivery. Evidence that lactation duration influences incident type 2 diabetes after GDM pregnancy is based on one retrospective study reporting a null association. The Study of Women, Infant Feeding and Type 2 Diabetes after GDM pregnancy (SWIFT) is a prospective cohort study of postpartum women with recent GDM within the Kaiser Permanente Northern California (KPNC) integrated health care system. The primary goal of SWIFT is to assess whether prolonged, intensive lactation as compared to formula feeding reduces the 2-year incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus among women with GDM. The study also examines whether lactation intensity and duration have persistent favorable effects on blood glucose, insulin resistance, and adiposity during the 2-year postpartum period. This report describes the design and methods implemented for this study to obtain the clinical, biochemical, anthropometric, and behavioral measurements during the recruitment and follow-up phases. Methods: SWIFT is a prospective, observational cohort study enrolling and following over 1, 000 postpartum women diagnosed with GDM during pregnancy within KPNC. The study enrolled women at 6-9 weeks postpartum (baseline) who had been diagnosed by standard GDM criteria, aged 20-45 years, delivered a singleton, term (greater than or equal to 35 weeks gestation) live birth, were not using medications affecting glucose tolerance, and not planning another pregnancy or moving out of the area within the next 2 years. Participants who are free of type 2 diabetes and other serious medical conditions at baseline are screened for type 2 diabetes annually within the first 2 years after delivery. Recruitment began in September 2008 and ends in December 2011. Data are being collected through pregnancy and early postpartum telephone interviews, self-administered monthly mailed questionnaires (3-11 months postpartum), a telephone interview at 6 months, and annual in-person examinations at which a 75 g 2-hour OGTT is conducted, anthropometric measurements are obtained, and self-and interviewer-administered questionnaires are completed. Discussion: This is the first, large prospective, community-based study involving a racially and ethnically diverse cohort of women with recent GDM that rigorously assesses lactation intensity and duration and examines their relationship to incident type 2 diabetes while accounting for numerous potential confounders not assessed previously.
Associations of perceived prenatal stress and adverse pregnancy outcomes with perceived stress years after delivery; Maternal stress is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs). This study evaluates the associations of prenatal stress and APOs with maternal stress years after pregnancy. The 10-item Perceived Stress Scale (PSS) (0-40 range) was completed in the first and third trimesters, and 2-7 years after delivery among a subsample (n = 4161) of nulliparous women enrolled at eight US medical centers between 2010 and 2013 in a prospective, observational cohort study. Demographics, medical history, and presence of APOs (gestational diabetes (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), preeclampsia (PE), and medically indicated or spontaneous preterm birth (miPTB, sPTB)) were obtained. The associations of prenatal PSS and the presence of APOs with PSS scores years after delivery were estimated using multivariable linear regression. Mean PSS scores were 12.5 (95% CI 12.3, 12.7) and 11.3 (95% CI 11.1, 11.5) in the first and third trimesters respectively and 14.9 (95% CI 14.7, 15.1) 2-7 years later, an average increase of 2.4 points (95% CI 2.2, 2.6) from the start of pregnancy. Regressing PSS scores after delivery on first-trimester PSS and PSS increase through pregnancy showed positive associations, with coefficients (95% CI) of 2.8 (2.7, 3.0) and 1.5 (1.3, 1.7) per 5-point change, respectively. Adding APO indicator variables separately showed higher PSS scores for women with HDP (0.7 [0.1, 1.3]), PE (1.3 [0.6, 2.1]), and miPTB (1.3 [0.2, 2.4]), but not those with GDM or sPTB. In this geographically and demographically diverse sample, prenatal stress and some APOs were positively associated with stress levels 2-7 years after pregnancy. Registration number NCT02231398.
Vascular risk factors in women; The vascular risk factors are globally the same in both sexes even though they tend to express themselves later in women than in men. This difference is partly related to the particular hormonal atmosphere before the menopause. Through their effects on lipid and glucose metabolism, endogenous estrogens reduce the risk of serious vascular events. However, the advent of the menopause usually sounds the end of the female advantage. Hormone replacement therapy presented as an alternative for several years has been shown to be disappointing in terms of preventing vascular mortality. Pregnancy is a delicate period during which vascular risk factors should be managed optimally when present. Particular attention should be given to women developing hypertension or diabetes during pregnancy because they are more exposed to vascular complications later on. Vascular mortality is still responsible for almost 60% of deaths amongst women in the Western world after the age of 60 (compared with 45% in men). This difference can be partially explained by the fact that women live longer than men and are therefore exposed for a longer period to vascular risk factors. However, according to several studies, there is a difference in the management of women compared with men in the acute phase of serious vascular events. Even more importantly, women are largely under-represented in the important clinical trials. Female vascular disease is underestimated and deserves more attention.
Insulin-sensitizing agents:: use in pregnancy and as therapy in polycystic ovary syndrome; Treatment with insulin-sensitizing agents is a relatively recent therapeutic strategy in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and insulin resistance. The key areas addressed in this review include PCOS and the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes, as well as the use of insulin-sensitizing agents, particularly metformin, in the management of infertility in obese and non-obese PCOS women. Treatment with metformin in PCOS women undergoing IVF and the use of metformin during gestation will be discussed. The challenge for the health care professional should be the appropriate utilization of pharmacotherapies; to improve insulin sensitivity and lower circulating insulin levels resulting in beneficial changes in PCOS phenotype. Further research into the potential role of other insulin-sensitizing agents, such as pioglitazone and rosiglitazone, in the treatment of infertile women with PCOS is needed.
A Qualitative Study of Perceptions, Strengths, and Opportunities in Cardiometabolic Risk Management During Pregnancy and Postpartum in a Georgia Safety-Net Hospital, 2021; IntroductionDespite the strong link between cardiometabolic pregnancy com-plications and future heart disease, there are documented gaps in engaging those who experience such conditions in recommended postpartum follow-up and preventive care. The goal of our study was to understand how people in a Medicaid-insured population perceive and manage risks during and after pregnancy related to an ongoing cardiometabolic disorder.MethodsWe conducted in-depth qualitative interviews with postpartum participants who had a cardiometabolic conditions during preg-nancy (chronic or gestational diabetes, chronic or gestational hy-pertension, or preeclampsia). We recruited postpartum parti-cipants from a single safety-net hospital system in Atlanta, Geor-gia, and conducted virtual interviews during January through May 2021. We conducted a content analysis guided by the Health Be-lief Model and present themes related to risk management.ResultsFrom the 28 interviews we conducted, we found that during preg-nancy, advice and intervention by the clinical care team facilitated management behaviors for high-risk conditions. However, parti-cipants described limited understanding of how pregnancy com-plications might affect future outcomes, and few described enga-ging in postpartum management behaviors.ConclusionImproving continuity and content of care during postpartum may improve uptake of preventive behaviors among postpartum pa-tients at risk of heart disease.
Trends in and Outcomes of Deliveries Complicated by Cystic Fibrosis; OBJECTIVE: To characterize current trends and outcomes in pregnancies complicated by cystic fibrosis (CF) that resulted in delivery. METHODS: This repeated cross-sectional study used the U.S. National Inpatient Sample to identify delivery hospitalizations of patients with CF between 2000 and 2019. Trends in delivery hospitalizations of patients with CF were assessed using joinpoint regression to determine the average annual percent change (AAPC). The risk of adverse maternal and obstetric outcomes was compared between patients with and without CF using adjusted logistic regression models accounting for demographic, clinical, and hospital characteristics, with adjusted odds ratios (aORs) with 95% CIs as measures of association. The proportion of patients with CF and other chronic conditions such as pregestational diabetes was analyzed over time. RESULTS: From 2000 to 2019, the prevalence of CF at delivery increased from 2.1 to 10.4 per 100,000 deliveries (AAPC 6.7%, 95% CI 5.7-8.2%). The proportion of patients with CF and other chronic conditions increased from 18.0% to 37.3% (AAPC 3.1%, 95% CI 1.0-5.3%). Patients with CF were more likely to experience severe maternal morbidity (aOR 2.61, 95% CI 1.71-3.97), respiratory complications (aOR 17.45, 95% CI 11.85-25.68), venous thromboembolism (aOR 3.59, 95% CI 1.33-9.69), preterm delivery (aOR 2.15, 95% CI 1.79-2.59), abruption and antepartum hemorrhage (aOR 1.63, 95% CI 1.10-2.41), and gestational diabetes (aOR 2.47, 95% CI 2.47-3.70). CONCLUSION: Although still infrequent (approximately 1 in 10,000), deliveries complicated by CF increased approximately fivefold over the study period. The proportion of patients with CF and other chronic conditions is increasing. Patients with CF are at increased risk for a broad range of adverse outcomes.
The metabolic syndrome in women; The metabolic syndrome is estimated to be present in 47 million US residents with a similar age-adjusted prevalence in men (24%) and women (23%). The consideration of various metabolic risk factors as a single entity in the metabolic syndrome provides clinicians with a tool by which they can identify a population at increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and increased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of mortality in women in the US. To reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, efforts have focused on modifying the metabolic risk factors that constitute the metabolic syndrome: abdominal obesity, dyslipidemia, glucose intolerance, and hypertension. In addition, because of several circumstances specific to women, including pregnancy, polycystic ovary syndrome, oral contraceptive therapy use, and menopause, there are special considerations regarding risk factor identification, modification, and clinical management. This article provides a review of diagnostic and therapeutic issues that clinicians should consider when caring for women at risk for developing or diagnosed with the metabolic syndrome.
Is It Safe to Manage Acute Cholecystitis Nonoperatively During Pregnancy? A Nationwide Analysis of Morbidity According to Management Strategy; Objectives: To compare CCY and nonoperative treatment (no-CCY) for acute cholecystitis in pregnancy. Summary of Background Data: Current Society of Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgery guidelines recommend CCY over nonoperative management of acute cholecystitis during pregnancy, and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommend medically necessary surgery regardless of trimester. This approach has been recently questioned. Methods: Pregnant women admitted with acute cholecystitis were identified using the Nationwide Readmission Database 2010-2015. Propensity score-adjusted logistic regression models we used to compare CCY and no-CCY. The primary outcome was a composite measure of adverse maternal-fetal outcomes (intrauterine death/stillbirth, poor fetal growth, abortion, preterm delivery, C-section, obstetric bleeding, infection of the amniotic fluid, venous thromboembolism). Results: There were 6390 pregnant women with acute cholecystitis: 38.2% underwent CCY, of which 5.1% were open. Patients were more likely to be managed operatively in their second trimester (20.7% vs 8.8%; P < 0.01). Patients managed with CCY did not differ in age, insurance, income, Charlson Comorbidity Index, diabetes or obesity when compared to no-CCY (all P > 0.05), but were less likely to have a previous C-section, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia/eclampsia or be in the third trimester (P <= 0.01). Risk-adjusted analyses showed that no-CCY was associated with significantly increased maternal-fetal complications during the index admission [odds ratio 3.0 (95% confidence interval 2.08-4.34), P < 0.01] and 30-day readmissions [odds ratio 1.61 (confidence interval % CI 1.12-2.32), P < 0.01]. Conclusions: Contrary to current guidelines, most pregnant women admitted in the US with acute cholecystitis are managed nonoperatively. This is associated with over twice the odds of maternal-fetal complications in addition to increased readmissions.
Reproductive risk factors across the female lifecourse and later metabolic health; Metabolic health is characterized by optimal blood glucose, lipids, cholesterol, blood pressure, and adiposity. Alterations in these characteristics may lead to the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus or dyslipidemia. Recent evidence suggests that female reproductive characteristics may be overlooked as risk factors that contribute to later metabolic dysfunction. These reproductive traits include the age at menarche, menstrual irregularity, the development of polycystic ovary syndrome, gestational weight change, gestational dysglycemia and dyslipidemia, and the severity and timing of menopausal symptoms. These risk factors may themselves be markers of future dysfunction or may be explained by shared underlying etiologies that promote long -term disease development. Disentangling underlying relationships and identifying potentially modifiable characteristics have an important bearing on therapeutic lifestyle modifications that could ease long -term metabolic burden. Further research that better characterizes associations between reproductive characteristics and metabolic health, clarifies underlying etiologies, and identifies indicators for clinical application is warranted in the prevention and management of metabolic dysfunction.
Pregnancy outcomes among leukemia survivors: a population-based study on 14.5 million births; Purpose: Leukemia is the most common cancer among children and young adults and an increasing number of affected patients can expect a full recovery and long-term survival. The study objective was to determine the prevalence of leukemia survivors among pregnant women and to examine the maternal and fetal outcomes of this population. Materials and methods: We conducted a retrospective population-based cohort study on all births recorded in the Health - Care Cost and Utilization Project - Nationwide Inpatient Sample between 1999 and 2014. We measured the prevalence of leukemia survivors in pregnancy and performed multivariate logistic regression to calculate adjusted odds ratios for maternal and fetal outcomes among this group compared to a nonaffected one. Results: Our cohort consisted of 14,513,587 births, of which 1,269 were to women with a history of leukemia or leukemia in remission, corresponding to a prevalence of 8.74 per 100,000 births. The prevalence rose steadily over the 16-year study period. Pregnant women who were leukemia survivors were more likely to experience gestational diabetes (OR 1.36, 95% CI 1.08-1.70), threatened preterm labor (1.50, 1.09-2.08), venous thromboembolism (4.40, 2.86-6.78), and to require blood transfusions (1.89, 1.24-2.88). Preterm deliveries (1.25, 1.02-1.54) and congenital anomalies (2.32, 1.39-3.86) among their newborns were also more common. Conclusion: The prevalence of leukemia survivors among pregnant women has been steadily rising. While the disease may no longer be active during their pregnancy, leukemia survivors appeared to have increased risks of several adverse outcomes and as such, should be monitored closely in centers with access to specialized care.
Ten-Year Review of the Postpartum Maternal Health Clinic at the Kingston Health Sciences Centre; Objectives: The postpartum Maternal Health Clinic (MHC) sees patients who have experienced pregnancy complications identified as pregnancy-related cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk indicators (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, idiopathic preterm delivery, and intrauterine growth restriction) at 6 months postpartum for CVD risk screening. This project aimed to summarise the past 10 years of the MHC identify trends in patient characteristics, patient CVD risk assessments, and clinic attendance over time. Methods: Patients included in this study have experienced 1 or more pregnancy-related CVD risk indicator(s) and have delivered between April 2011 and April 2021. MHC patient data and the Better Outcomes Registry Network database were utilised to compare eligible and participating patient data during clinically significant time periods. Results: The clinic has seen 1030 patients in the last 10 years and their characteristics have remained largely consistent. However, there has been an increase in the proportion of patients seen because of a hypertensive disorder and an increase in the proportion of patients with obesity, abnormal total cholesterol, elevated fasting glucose. Additionally, CVD risk scores and the prevalence of metabolic syndrome have remained consistent the years. Regarding the clinic's outreach, patient eligibility for MHC has been increasing while attendance has been de creasing over time. Conclusions: Overall, there remains a need to screen these patients for CVD risk and counsel them on risk reduction. There is also an opportunity to increase patient recruitment to improve attendance and to address the increased need for CVD risk screening and counselling in the community.
NAFLD at the Interface of the Mother-Infant Dyad; This review aims to focus the links existing between several aspects of the mother-child dyad in the intricate playground of obesity and Metabolic Syndrome (MetS), including its hepatic component, the Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD). In recent years human and animal model studies have shown that dietary interventions in mothers and offspring can be successful in reducing the risk of NAFLD development. Evidences also concern the new concept of a real intergenerational transmission of predisposition to metabolic disorders. Certain genes, such as SIRT1 and PNPLA3, and some epigenetic modifications, including micro RNAs function, seem to be responsible for fetal reprogramming in the setting of maternal obesity. These modifiers appear to be potential therapeutic targets to reduce the risk of future metabolic dysfunctions. Controlling antepartum hyperglycemia, preventing gestational diabetes, and avoiding excessive weight gain during pregnancy can help reduce the relentless epidemic of childhood obesity and NAFLD. Also, the composition of the intestinal microbiota seems to be related to the development of metabolic disorders in the offspring. Several studies show that breastfed infants have a microbial signature different :from formula-fed infants. Much interestingly, prolonged breastfeeding is beneficial not only for the newborn and his health in adult life, but also for the mothers' health. Maternal benefits include reducing the risk of developing chronic diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, myocardial infarction and NAFLD as well. In conclusion, all above mechanisms appear to intervene synergistically and may act as modifiable risk factors for infant and mother NAFLD.
The Safety of a Vegan Diet During Pregnancy; There is an increasing number of people who go vegetarian. Some young parents also switch to this diet. The safety of vegetarian diets, especially vegan diets, is very important, especially during pregnancy. Unfortunately, reference publications do not provide coherent data on the safety of vegetarian diets during pregnancy. On the one hand, the vegan diet has advantages because it reduces the risk of heart disease and gestational diabetes. On the other hand, vegetarians/vegans should be aware of potential deficiencies of some nutrients (iron, zinc, vitamin B12, vitamin D, omega-3 fatty acids, calcium, iodine) and the clinical consequences for the fetus. For example, iron deficiency may affect cognitive abilities, behavior, intelligence and increase the risk of preterm birth and low birth weight of infants. Plant food contains non-haem iron with variable absorption. Therefore, the vegan diet should include nutrients increasing the bioavailability of iron, e.g. ascorbic acid, carotene and retinol. Due to the fact that animal food is the main source of vitamin B12, vegans are at a very high risk of vitamin B12 deficiency, which will affect the infant's weight at birth. Low level of vitamin D, which is prevalent in animal food, is the most common deficiency among vegans and lacto-ovo vegetarians. This vitamin prevents gestational diabetes, reduces insulin resistance and guarantees normal function of the musculoskeletal system. Zinc deficiency during pregnancy may lead to preterm birth, neural tube defects or even miscarriage. In view of the clinical consequences of potential deficiencies of nutrients, the vegetarian/vegan diet should be well balanced.
Thiazolidinediones - some recent developments; The role of thiazolidinediones (currently rosiglitazone and pioglitazone) in the treatment of Type 2 diabetes is firmly established. The mechanism of action involves binding to the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma, a transcription factor that regulates the expression of specific genes especially in fat cells but also other cell types such as endothelial cells, macrophages and monocytes, vascular smooth muscle cells and colonic epithelium. Thiazolidinediones have been shown to interfere with expression and release of mediators of insulin resistance originating in adipose tissue (e.g., increased free fatty acids, decreased adiponectin) in a way that results in net improvement of insulin sensitivity (i.e., in muscle and liver). A direct or indirect effect on AMP-dependent protein kinase may also be involved. Prevention of lipid accumulation in tissues critical to glycaemia such as visceral adipocytes, liver, muscle and P-cells at the expense of lipids accumulating at the less harmful subcutaneous site may be central to their net metabolic effect. The sustained beneficial effect of troglitazone on P-cell function in women with previous gestational diabetes in addition to the insulin-sensitising properties point to an important role of this class of drugs in the prevention of Type 2 diabetes. Original safety concerns based on animal and in vitro studies (e.g., fatty bone marrow transformation, colonic cancer, adipogenic transdifferentiation of blood cells) remain theoretical issues but become less pressing practically with prolonged uneventful clinical use. Hepatotoxicity for troglitazone and fluid retention, which can aggravate pre-existing heart failure, are the most important side effects. In summary; with the thiazolidinediones, a novel concept for the treatment of insulin resistance and possibly preservation of P-cell function is available that could become effective in the prevention of Type 2 diabetes. Moreover, their anti-inflammatory properties also make them interesting in the prevention and treatment of atherosclerosis and possibly other inflammatory conditions (e.g., inflammatory bowel disease). Long-term data will be necessary for a final risk-benefit assessment of these substances.
Pregnancy outcomes and iron status in β-thalassemia major and intermedia: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Advancements in orally bioavailable iron chelators and MRI methods have improved life expectancy and reproductive potential in thalassemia major (TM) and thalassemia intermedia (TI). Pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, frequency of which has not been well delineated. This systematic review aims to provide risk estimates of maternal and fetal outcomes in TM and TI and explore pregnancy's impact on iron homeostasis. Fifteen studies (429 participants, 684 pregnancies) were included. Meta -analysis revealed a higher thrombosis risk in TI (3.7%) compared to TM (0.92%), unchanged from prepregnancy. Heart failure risks in the earlier years appeared similar (TM 1.6% vs TI 1.1%), and maternal mortality in TM was 3.7%, but with current management, these risks are rare. Gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia occurred in 3.9% and 11.3% of TM pregnancies, respectively. Caesarean section rates were 83.9% in TM and 67% in TI. No significant difference in stillbirth, small for gestational age neonates, or preterm birth incidence between TM and TI was observed. In TM pregnancies, red cell requirements significantly increased (from 102 to 139 ml/kg/year, P = 0.001), and 70% of TI pregnancies required blood transfusions. As expected, increased transfusion alongside chelation cessation led to a significant increase in serum ferritin during pregnancy (TM by 1005 ng/mL; TI by 332 ng/mL, P < 0.0001). Deterioration in iron status was further reflected by an increase in liver iron concentration (from 4.6 to 11.9 mg/g dry weight, P < 0.0001), and myocardial T2 -star (T2*) magnetic resonance imaging decreased (from 36.2 +/- 2.5 ms to 31.1 ms) during pregnancy. These findings emphasize the elevated maternal risk of iron -related cardiomyopathy during pregnancy and labor, stressing the importance of cardiac monitoring and postpartum chelation therapy resumption.
HEALTHY LIVING AND SULFONYLUREA THERAPY HAVE DIFFERENT EFFECTS ON GLUCOSE-TOLERANCE AND RISK-FACTORS FOR VASCULAR-DISEASE IN SUBJECTS WITH IMPAIRED GLUCOSE-TOLERANCE; This study was undertaken to determine whether impaired glucose tolerance and associated risk factors for cardiovascular disease can be improved with 'healthy living' by diet and exercise or with sulphonylurea therapy. Patients were recruited by screening subjects with either a family history of type 11 diabetes, previous gestational diabetes, or a previously raised plasma glucose (5.6-6.6 mmol/l). Impaired glucose tolerance was defined as hyperglycaemia on two separate tests, an achieved glucose level after a glucose infusion test above the 90th percentile of an age-matched normal population (> 9.3 mmol/l) or a fasting plasma glucose above the 95th percentile (> 5.6 mmol/l). Thirty-seven subjects with impaired glucose tolerance were entered into a randomized, prospective study for 6 months with allocations to healthy living or double blind to sulphonylurea (gliclazide 40 mg twice daily) or placebo tablets. The study took place in an outpatient setting, with three times weekly exercise sessions at a Sports Centre. After 6 months the placebo group showed no change in plasma glucose, cholesterol and blood pressure. The subjects receiving gliclazide showed improved, glucose levels (mean fasting plasma glucose levels fell from 5.8 to 5.1 mmol/l, p < 0.05) but no significant change in plasma cholesterol or blood pressure. The healthy living group, after exclusion of four non-compliant subjects, showed no change in glucose levels, but a decreased systolic blood pressure (fall in mean from 124 to 116 mmHg, p < 0.05) and plasma cholesterol levels (fall in mean from 5.2 to 4.5 mmol/l, p < 0.01) with an increase in HDL: LDL ratio (rise in mean from 0.39 to 0.46, p < 0.05). Subjects with impaired glucose tolerance may benefit in different ways from gliclazide and healthy living. The metabolic responses to each therapy may help to decrease the risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Gestational Weight Gain Particularly Affects the Risk of Large for Gestational Age Infants in Non-obese Mothers; Introduction The birth of a large for gestational age (LGA) infant is a significant risk factor for birth complications and maternal morbidity and an even higher risk factor for offspring obesity, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease in later life. Relevant factors affecting the risk of delivering an LGA infant are maternal pre-gravid obesity, excessive gestational weight gain exceeding the recommendations of the Institute of Medicine (IOM) and diabetes in pregnancy. We aimed to determine what matters most in terms of the risk of fetal overgrowth. Materials and Methods We performed a database analysis of 12701 singleton term deliveries documented in our university hospital birth registry from 2003 to 2014. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to determine the adjusted odds ratios. Results Excessive weight gain had the strongest impact on LGA (OR: 1.249 [95% CI: 1.018-1.533]) compared to maternal pre-gravid body mass index (BMI) (OR: 1.083 [95% CI: 1.066-1.099]) and diabetes (OR: 1.315 [95% CI: 0.997-1.734]). Keeping gestational weight gain within the recommendations of the IOM resulted in a risk reduction for LGA of 20% (OR: 0.801 [95% CI: 0.652-0.982]). The risk for LGA increases by 6.9% with each kg weight gain. Normal weight women (BMI 18.5-24.9 kg/m(2)) and moderately overweight women (BMI 25-29.9 kg/m(2)) showed the highest increase in LGA rates per kg weight gain during pregnancy (OR: 1.078 [95% CI: 1.052-1.104] and OR: 1.058 [95% CI: 1.026-1.09], resp.). Only in underweight (< 18.5 kg/m(2)) and normal weight women the risk of LGA birth is strongly influenced by diabetes (OR 11.818 [ 95% CI: 1.156-120.782] and 1.564 [95% CI: 1.013-2.415]). Conclusion Excessive weight gain is particularly important for non-obese women. These women are therefore a target cohort for intervention, as each prevented additional kilogram weight gain reduces the risk of LGA by more than 5%.
Subclinical Decrease in Myocardial Function in Asymptomatic Infants of Diabetic Mothers: A Tissue Doppler Study; Infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy are recognized to have impaired myocardial performance, but less is known about ventricular function in IDMs without hypertrophy. We hypothesized that in asymptomatic newborns with normal two-dimensional echocardiographic evaluations, pulsed wave tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) would suggest a subclinical decrease in the cardiac function of IDMs compared to infants of non-diabetics (nIDMs). This is a retrospective cohort study of asymptomatic neonates ae<yen>36 weeks gestation, at 0-7 days of life, with normal standard echocardiograms. Systolic (S'), early diastolic (E'), and late diastolic (A') TDI velocities were measured at the mitral valve (MV) annulus, basal interventricular septum (IVS), and tricuspid valve (TV) annulus, and averaged from three consecutive cardiac cycles. Demographic, perinatal, and echocardiographic variables were compared between IDM and nIDM groups. Of 631 subjects, 75 IDMs were identified. The mean gestational age of the entire cohort was 39.33 weeks (+/- 1.26), birth weight 3.44 kg (+/- 0.56), and body surface area (BSA) 0.21 m(2) (+/- 0.02). IDMs had significantly greater birth weight and BSA, lower gestational age, older maternal age, and higher incidence of maternal obesity and hypertension than nIDMs (p < 0.001). On multivariable analysis, IDMs had significantly lower S' (p ae<currency> 0.03) and E' (p < 0.001) velocities, and higher E/E' ratios (p < 0.001) at the MV, IVS, and TV than nIDMs. In asymptomatic newborn IDMs without cardiac hypertrophy, pulsed wave TDI suggests a subclinical decrease in systolic and diastolic myocardial function compared to nIDMs.
From Pre-Diabetes to Diabetes: Diagnosis, Treatments and Translational Research; Diabetes, a silent killer, is one of the most widely prevalent conditions of the present time. According to the 2017 International Diabetes Federation (IDF) statistics, the global prevalence of diabetes among the age group of 20-79 years is 8.8%. In addition, 1 in every 2 persons is unaware of the condition. This unawareness and ignorance lead to further complications. Pre-diabetes is the preceding condition of diabetes, and in most of the cases, this ultimately leads to the development of diabetes. Diabetes can be classified into three types, namely type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and gestational diabetes. The diagnosis of both pre-diabetes and diabetes is based on glucose criteria; the common modalities used are fasting plasma glucose (FPG) test and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). A glucometer is commonly used by diabetic patients to measure blood glucose levels with fast and rather accurate measurements. A few of the more advanced and minimally invasive modalities include the glucose-sensing patch, SwEatch, eyeglass biosensor, breath analysis, etc. Despite a considerable amount of data being collected and analyzed regarding diabetes, the actual molecular mechanism of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is still unknown. Both genetic and epigenetic factors are associated with T2DM. The complications of diabetes can predominantly be classified into two categories: microvascular and macrovascular. Retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy are grouped under microvascular complications, whereas stroke, cardiovascular disease, and peripheral artery disease (PAD) belong to macrovascular complications. Unfortunately, until now, no complete cure for diabetes has been found. However, the treatment of pre-diabetes has shown significant success in preventing the further progression of diabetes. To prevent pre-diabetes from developing into T2DM, lifestyle intervention has been found to be very promising. Various aspects of diabetes, including the aforementioned topics, have been reviewed in this paper.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effectiveness of pre-pregnancy care for women with diabetes for improving maternal and perinatal outcomes; Background Pre-gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with increased risk of maternal and perinatal adverse outcomes. This systematic review was conducted to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of pre-conception care (PCC) in improving maternal and perinatal outcomes. Methods Databases from MEDLINE, EMBASE, WEB OF SCIENCE, and Cochrane Library were searched, including the CENTRAL register of controlled trials, and CINHAL up until March 2019, without any language restrictions, for any pre-pregnancy care aiming at health promotion, glycemic control, and screening and treatment of diabetes complications in women with type I or type II pre-gestational diabetes. Trials and observational studies were included in the review. Newcastle-Ottawa scale and the Cochrane collaboration methodology for data synthesis and analysis were used, along with the GRADE tool to evaluate the body of evidence. Results The search identified 8500 potentially relevant citations of which 40 reports of 36 studies were included. The meta-analysis results show that PCC reduced congenital malformations risk by 71%, (Risk ratio (RR) 0.29; 95% CI: 0.21-0.40, 25 studies; 5903 women; high-certainty evidence). The results also show that PCC may lower HbA1c in the first trimester of pregnancy by an average of 1.27% (Mean difference (MD) 1.27; 95% CI: 1.33-1.22; 4927 women; 24 studies, moderate-certainty evidence). Furthermore, the results suggest that PCC may lead to a slight reduction in the risk of preterm delivery of 15%, (RR 0.85; 95% CI: 0.73-0.99; nine studies, 2414 women; moderate-certainty evidence). Moreover, PCC may result in risk reduction of perinatal mortality by 54%, (RR 0.46; 95% CI: 0.30-0.73; ten studies; 3071 women; moderate-certainty evidence). There is uncertainty about the effects of PCC on the early booking for antenatal care (MD 1.31; 95% CI: 1.40-1.23; five studies, 1081 women; very low-certainty evidence) and maternal hypoglycemia in the first trimester, (RR 1.38; 95% CI: 1.07-1.79; three studies; 686 women; very low- certainty evidence). In addition, results of the meta-analysis indicate that PCC may lead to 48% reduction in the risk of small for gestational age (SGA) (RR 0.52; 95% CI: 0.37-0.75; six studies, 2261 women; moderate-certainty evidence). PCC may reduce the risk of neonatal admission to intensive care unit (NICU) by 25% (RR 0.75; 95% CI: 0.67-0.84; four studies; 1322 women; moderate-certainty evidence). However, PCC may have little or no effect in reducing the cesarean section rate (RR 1.02; 95% CI: 0.96-1.07; 14 studies; 3641 women; low-certainty evidence); miscarriage rate (RR 0.86; 95% CI: 0.70-1.06; 11 studies; 2698 women; low-certainty evidence); macrosomia rate (RR 1.06; 95% CI: 0.97-1.15; nine studies; 2787 women, low-certainty evidence); neonatal hypoglycemia (RR 0.93; 95% CI: 0.74-1.18; five studies; 880 women; low-certainty evidence); respiratory distress syndrome (RR 0.78; 95% CI: 0.47-1.29; four studies; 466 women; very low-certainty evidence); or shoulder dystocia (RR 0.28; 95% CI: 0.07-1.12; 2 studies; 530 women; very low-certainty evidence). Conclusion PCC for women with pre-gestational type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus is effective in improving rates of congenital malformations. In addition, it may improve the risk of preterm delivery and admission to NICU. PCC probably reduces maternal HbA1C in the first trimester of pregnancy, perinatal mortality and SGA. There is uncertainty regarding the effects of PCC on early booking for antenatal care or maternal hypoglycemia during the first trimester of pregnancy. PCC has little or no effect on other maternal and perinatal outcomes.
Preterm Birth and its Impact on Renal Health; Preterm birth occurs in approximately 10% of all births worldwide. Preterm infants have reduced nephron numbers at birth in proportion to gestational age, and are at increased risk of neonatal acute kidney injury as well as higher blood pressure, proteinuria, and chronic kidney disease later in life. Rapid catch-up growth in preterm infants, especially if resulting in obesity, is a risk factor for end-stage kidney disease among children with proteinuric renal disease. Preterm birth, however, is a risk factor not only for the infant because mothers who deliver preterm have an increased risk of having subsequent preterm deliveries as well as hypertension, cardiovascular disease, and renal disease later in life. Preterm birth in a female infant is also a risk factor for her future risk of having a preterm delivery, gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes, which in turn may impact the development of fetal kidneys and the offspring's risk of hypertension and renal disease. This intergenerational programming cycle, therefore, perpetuates the risks and consequences of prematurity. Interruption of this cycle may be possible through optimization of maternal nutrition and health as well as careful antenatal care, which may in turn reduce the global burden of hypertension and renal disease in subsequent generations. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Sodium acetate and androgen receptor blockade improve gestational androgen excess-induced deteriorated glucose homeostasis and antioxidant defenses in rats: roles of adenosine deaminase and xanthine oxidase activities; Nutritional challenges and androgen excess have been implicated in the development of gestational diabetes and poor fetal outcome, but the mechanisms are not well delineated. The effects of short chain fatty acid (SCFA) on glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome induced by gestational androgen excess is also not known. We tested the hypothesis that blockade of androgen receptor (AR) and suppression of late gestational androgen excess prevents glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome through suppression of adenosine deaminase (ADA)/xanthine oxidase (XO) pathway. Twenty-four pregnant Wistar rats were treated (sc) with olive oil, testosterone propionate (0.5 mg/kg) singly or in combination with SCFA (sodium acetate; 200 mg/kg; p.o.) or AR blocker (flutamide; 7.5 mg/kg; p.o.) between gestational days 14 and 19. The results showed that late gestational androgen excess led to glucose deregulation, poor fetal outcome, increased plasma and hepatic free fatty acid and lactate dehydrogenase, liver function marker enzymes, malondialdehyde, uric acid, ADA and X0 activities. Conversely, gestational androgen excess resulted in reduced body weight gain, visceral adiposity, plasma and hepatic anti-oxidant defenses (glutathione peroxidase, reduced glutathione/glutathione disulphide ratio, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, adenosine and nitric oxide). However, all these effects were ameliorated by either sodium acetate or flutamide treatment. The study demonstrates that suppression of testosterone by SCFA or AR blockade protects against glucose deregulation and poor fetal outcome by improvement of anti-oxidant defenses and replenishment of hepatic oxidative capacity through suppression of ADA/XO pathway. Hence, utility of SCFA should be encouraged for prevention of glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Left atrial shortening fraction in fetuses with and without myocardial hypertrophy in diabetic pregnancies; Objective To test the hypothesis that, in diabetic pregnancies, left atrial shortening fraction (LASF) is decreased in fetuses with myocardial hypertrophy, compared to those without hypertrophy and to fetuses of non-diabetic mothers. Methods Fetal echocardiography was performed in women with pre-existing or gestational diabetes and in non-diabetic controls between 25 weeks' gestation and term. LASF was calculated using the formula: (end-systolic diameter-end-diastolic diameter)/end-systolic diameter, and data were compared between diabetic women with and without fetal myocardial hypertrophy and controls. Results The study population comprised 53 diabetic women and 45 controls. Out of the 53 fetuses of diabetic women, 14 bad myocardial hypertrophy and 39 bad normal septal thickness. Gestational age at the time of examination did not differ significantly between the control group and the two diabetic subgroups (P = 0.57). Fetuses with myocardial hypertrophy presented a mean (+/- SD) LASF of 0.32 +/- 0.11, those without myocardial hypertrophy 0.46 +/- 0.12, and those of normal mothers 0.53 +/- 0.09 (P < 0.001). A significant inverse linear correlation was observed between LASF and septal thickness (r = -0.51, P < 0.001). Conclusions In diabetic pregnancies, LASF is lower in fetuses with myocardial hypertrophy than it is in those without hypertrophy and in fetuses of non-diabetic women, suggesting that LASF could be a useful alternative parameter in the assessment of fetal diastolic function. Copyright (C) 2008 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Reference-range of arterial stiffness by cardio-ankle vascular index in normal pregnancy; Objective: To establish the arterial stiffness, represented by the cardio-ankle vascular index (CAVI) at various gestational ages among low-risk pregnant women. The second objective is to construct the reference range of mean arterial pressure and maternal heart rate during pregnancy. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted on low risk pregnant Thai women, meeting the following inclusion criteria: 1) singleton pregnant women aged 18 years old or over; 2) gestational age between 11 and 40 weeks; 3) low-risk pregnancy without any underlying medical diseases; and 4) known final pregnancy outcomes. Pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes and fetal growth restriction were excluded. The mean CAVI, mean arterial pressure (MAP), and heart rate were measured at each gestational age. Results: A total of 329 measurements for each parameter were available for analysis. CAVI was significantly correlated with gestational age with the best fitted model: CAVI = 6.952 - 0.076(GA) + 0.001(GA)(2); SD = 0.742 (R-2 = 0.049; p-value < 0.001). The maternal age and pre-pregnancy BMI were correlated with CAVI. CAVI gradually increased with maternal age and decreased with increasing body mass index (BMI). The MAP and heart rate of normal pregnancy in each gestation were conducted. Conclusion: The reference range of CAVI in normal pregnancies as a function of gestational age and the model for predicting CAVI based on multiple regression analysis are constructed and presented. These reference ranges may be useful in predicting risk of cardiovascular disorders during pregnancy.
A conserved MADS-box phosphorylation motif regulates differentiation and mitochondrial function in skeletal, cardiac, and smooth muscle cells; Exposure to metabolic disease during fetal development alters cellular differentiation and perturbs metabolic homeostasis, but the underlying molecular regulators of this phenomenon in muscle cells are not completely understood. To address this, we undertook a computational approach to identify cooperating partners of the myocyte enhancer factor-2 (MEF2) family of transcription factors, known regulators of muscle differentiation and metabolic function. We demonstrate that MEF2 and the serum response factor (SRF) collaboratively regulate the expression of numerous muscle-specific genes, including microRNA-133a (miR-133a). Using tandem mass spectrometry techniques, we identify a conserved phosphorylation motif within the MEF2 and SRF Mcm1 Agamous Deficiens SRF (MADS)-box that regulates miR-133a expression and mitochondrial function in response to a lipotoxic signal. Furthermore, reconstitution of MEF2 function by expression of a neutralizing mutation in this identified phosphorylation motif restores miR-133a expression and mitochondrial membrane potential during lipotoxicity. Mechanistically, we demonstrate that miR-133a regulates mitochondrial function through translational inhibition of a mitophagy and cell death modulating protein, called Nix. Finally, we show that rodents exposed to gestational diabetes during fetal development display muscle diacylglycerol accumulation, concurrent with insulin resistance, reduced miR-133a, and elevated Nix expression, as young adult rats. Given the diverse roles of miR-133a and Nix in regulating mitochondrial function, and proliferation in certain cancers, dysregulation of this genetic pathway may have broad implications involving insulin resistance, cardiovascular disease, and cancer biology.
Obesity, not a high fat, high sucrose diet alone, induced glucose intolerance and cardiac dysfunction during pregnancy and postpartum; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women during pregnancy and the postpartum period. Obesity is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. Nearly 60% of women of reproductive age are considered overweight or obese, cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality continue to be pervasive. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of an obesogenic diet on the cardiometabolic health of dams during pregnancy and postpartum. Female mice were fed either a high-fat, high-sucrose diet (HFHS) or a refined control diet (CON) for 8 weeks before initiation of pregnancy and throughout the study period. Mice in the HFHS showed two distinct phenotypes, obesity-prone (HFHS/OP) and obesity resistance (HFHS/OR). Pre-pregnancy obesity (HFHS/OP) induced glucose intolerance before pregnancy and during postpartum. Systolic function indicated by the percent fractional shortening (%FS) was significantly decreased in the HFHS/OP at late pregnancy (vs. HFHS/OR) and weaning (vs. CON), but no differences were found at 6 weeks of postpartum among groups. No induction of pathological cardiac hypertrophy markers was found during postpartum. Plasma adiponectin was decreased while total cholesterol was increased in the HFHS/OP. Our results suggested that obesity, not the diet alone, negatively affected cardiac adaptation during pregnancy and postpartum.
Prenatal and postnatal imaging of an intrapericardial teratoma; Background: Intrapericardial teratomas are rare tumors arising from all three germinal layers. They are mostly benign but can lead to life-threatening complications. Case presentation: A 38-year-old woman with an in vitro fertilization (IVF) conception had a normal fetal anatomical survey at 20 weeks of gestation. At 32 weeks, during evaluation for decreased fetal movements and gestational diabetes, the fetus was found to have a unilateral right pleural effusion, a large pericardial effusion with an 18 x 16 x 17 mm-sized cystic intrapericardial mass and ventricular dysfunction with associated, significant, polyhydramnios. Echocardiography was suggestive of a teratoma which was confirmed by pathology after postnatal surgery. Conclusion: Early prenatal diagnosis and appropriate monitoring during pregnancy are important to optimize outcome, however, even though antenatal intervention may improve the outcome in cases with hydrops, in utero mortality remains high.
Impact of maternal physical activity during an uncomplicated pregnancy on fetal and neonatal well-being parameters: a systematic review of the literature; We carried a thorough systematic review of the contemporary literature regarding the impact of maternal physical activity during pregnancy on the fetal and neonatal well-being parameters. We searched systematically publications indexed in PubMed and ScienceDirect, according to the PRISMA protocol. Studies examining following fetal and neonatal well-being parameters were included: fetal heart rate, active fetal movements, Doppler assessment of the placental and fetal circulations, amniotic fluid index, Apgar score, and umbilical cord blood acid-basis analysis at delivery. Altogether, 73 studies were identified (pooled sample size n = 7867). Out of these, 42 pertained to acute and 31 pertained to chronic exposure to maternal physical activity. The majority of the identified studies reported a positive or neutral effect of maternal physical activity on the fetal heart rate, Doppler-derived umbilical and cerebral blood flow parameters, and Apgar score. The literature regarding uterine arteries Doppler assessment, fetal active movements, amniotic fluid index, and umbilical cord blood acid-base analysis at delivery is sparse and does not allow us to generalize the inferences. Maternal physical activity during physiological pregnancy is safe for fetal and neonatal well-being when practiced according to recommendations. There is a need for better quality studies concerning the subject. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier B.V.
Racial disparities in the association of foetal growth retardation to childhood blood pressure; Background. Foetal growth retardation (FGR), defined as less than the 10th percentile of birth weight for gestational age, is reported to be an important contributor to hypertension and cardiovascular disease in children and adults, but findings are not consistent. For this reason we re-examined the role of FGR in childhood blood pressure. Methods. We performed univariate and multivariate analyses on data gathered from 262 children, age 5 years, born to mothers at risk for pre-term delivery or FGR infant. The characteristics of the mothers and the children were evaluated using Student's t-test. Rates and proportions were compared using either X-square or Fisher's exact test. Linear regression models evaluated the effect of birth weight and body mass index on systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Multivariate linear regression was used to model the effects of FGR, gestational age, body mass index, race, gender, maternal smoking, maternal gestational diabetes on blood pressure while adjusting for possible confounders. Results. Systolic blood pressure was inversely associated with birth weight in white children while a small direct association was noted in African Americans. Body mass index was positively associated with systolic blood pressure in both groups. Multiple linear regression analyses showed FGR and early gestational age were associated with higher blood pressure in white but not African American children, accounting for a 13.2 mmHg difference between FGR and appropriate for gestational age groups. Blood pressure in African Americans was strongly affected by maternal gestational diabetes and smoking. Conclusions. Birth weight influences childhood blood pressure but the effects may vary depending on ethnic group. The relative importance of birth weight on blood pressure may depend on other prenatal and post-partum risks.
Maternal dietary intake during pregnancy has longstanding consequences for the health of her offspring; Over the past 100 years, advances in pharmaceutical and medical technology have reduced the burden of communicable disease, and our appreciation of the mechanisms underlying the development of noncommunicable disease has broadened. During this time, a number of studies, both in humans and animal models, have highlighted the importance of maintaining an optimal diet during pregnancy. In particular, a number of studies support the hypothesis that suboptimal maternal protein and fat intake during pregnancy can have long-term effects on the growing fetus, and increase the likelihood of these offspring developing cardiovascular, renal, or metabolic diseases in adulthood. More recently, it has been shown that dietary intake of a number of micronutrients may offset or reverse the deleterious effects of macronutrient imbalance. Furthermore, maternal fat intake has also been identified as a major contributor to a healthy fetal environment, with a beneficial role for unsaturated fats during development as well as a beneficial impact on cell membrane physiology. Together these studies indicate that attempts to optimise maternal nutrition may prove to be an efficient and cost-effective strategy for preventing the development of cardiovascular, renal, or metabolic diseases.
Plasma fibrinogen concentration in a Chinese population; Plasma fibrinogen concentration has been shown to be a predictor of major cardiovascular events. Information on plasma fibrinogen amongst Chinese has been scanty. We examined the relationships between plasma fibrinogen concentration and cardiovascular risk factors in 988 chinese subjects who underwent 75 g oral glucose tolerance test for screening for glucose intolerance. The study involved a selected sample with subjects who had an history of gestational diabetes, delivery of big babies (birth weight greater than or equal to 4 kg), equivocal plasma glucose concentrations and subjects who were family members of diabetic patients. This was mainly a non-smoking (96.6%), non-drinking (98%) and non-exercising (99%) population of which 87% (n = 855) were female. Among the 988 subjects (age +/- S.D. 36.8 +/- 10.2, range 16-79 years), plasma fibrinogen concentration ranged from 1.40 to 9.90 g/l with a mean of 3.26 +/- 0.93 g/l. On stratification of the subjects into 4 quartiles based on plasma fibrinogen concentrations, we found that increased plasma fibrinogen was associated with older age, higher body mass index (BMI), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (BP), fasting and 2 h plasma glucose (PG), prevalence of diabetes, glycated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)) and triglyceride (TG) level. After adjustment for age and sex, increased plasma fibrinogen concentration remained associated with higher BMI, systolic BP, 2 h PG and TG level. On multivariate analysis using age, BMI, BP, TG, HbA(1c) and PG as independent variables, plasma fibrinogen was independently related to plasma TG concentration and HbA(1c). With 1 S.D. change in TG concentration and HbA(1c), there were 3.7 and 5.2% changes in plasma fibrinogen concentration respectively. These findings emphasize the close relationships between plasma fibrinogen and cardiovascular risk factors, in particular abnormal lipid and glucose metabolism. (C) 1997 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Alpha-linolenic acid supplementation during human pregnancy does not effect cognitive functioning; Increasing evidence suggests a positive association between docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) and cognitive performance. In addition, pregnancy is associated with a reduction of the DHA status and cognitive deficits. In the current study, cognition was assessed in pregnant women receiving a margarine enriched with alpha-linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3n-3, the ultimate dietary precursor of DHA) and some linoleic acid (LA, 18:2n-6, to prevent a possible reduction in n-6 fatty acids). A control group received a margarine enriched with LA only. ALA supplementation hardly affected the maternal DHA status and no significant differences were found in cognitive performance between the two groups. This indicates that ALA supplementation during pregnancy does not affect cognitive performance during and 32 weeks after gestation. At week 14 of pregnancy and 32 weeks after delivery, higher plasma DHA levels were associated with lower cognitive performance as indicated by longer reaction times on the finger precuing task (partial correlation coefficients 0.3705 and 0.4633, respectively, P < 0.01). Since this could imply an unexpected adverse association between DHA and certain aspects of cognitive functioning this certainly needs further investigation. (C) 2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Bisphenol A Exposure during Pregnancy Disrupts Glucose Homeostasis in Mothers and Adult Male Offspring; BACKGROUND: Bisphenol A (BPA) is a widespread endocrine-disrupting chemical used as the base compound in the manufacture of polycarbonate plastics. In humans, epidemiological evidence has associated BPA exposure in adults with higher risk of type 2 diabetes and heart disease. OBJECTIVE: We examined the action of environmentally relevant doses of BPA on glucose metabolism in mice during pregnancy and the impact of BPA exposure on these females later in life. We also investigated the consequences of in utero exposure to BPA on metabolic parameters and pancreatic function in offspring. METHODS: Pregnant mice were treated with either vehicle or BPA (10 or 100 mu g/kg/day) during days 9-16 of gestation. Glucose metabolism experiments were performed on pregnant mice and their offspring. RESULTS: BPA exposure aggravated the insulin resistance produced during pregnancy and was associated with decreased glucose tolerance and increased plasma insulin, triglyceride, and leptin concentrations relative to controls. Insulin-stimulated Akt phosphorylation was reduced in skeletal muscle and liver of BPA-treated pregnant mice relative to controls. BPA exposure during gestation had long-term consequences for mothers: 4 months post-partum, treated females weighed more than untreated females and had higher plasma insulin, leptin, triglyceride, and glycerol levels and greater insulin resistance. At 6 months of age, male offspring exposed in utero had reduced glucose tolerance, increased insulin resistance, and altered blood parameters compared with offspring of untreated mothers. The islets of Langerhans from male offspring presented altered Ca2+ signaling and insulin secretion. BrdU (bromodeoxyuridine) incorporation into insulin-producing cells was reduced in the male progeny, yet beta-cell mass was unchanged. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that BPA may contribute to metabolic disorders relevant to glucose homeostasis and that BPA may be a risk factor for diabetes.
Hospital Admissions due to cyanosis episodes in newborns with gestational age of 34 weeks or more; Objectives: A retrospective study was performed between January 2007 and December 2012 to assess the admission rates of newborns due to episodes of cyanosis Patients and method: Retrospective study that included all the newborns hospitalized with episodes of cyanosis between January 2007 and December 2012. In them were employed two study protocols that considered first and second line tests, the latter in view of recurrence of events. The first line protocol considered general biochemical tests, chest x-ray and echocardiography in selected cases, while the second line protocol included electroencephalogram, electrocardiogram, nuclear magnetic resonance of the brain, expanded metabolic screening, pyruvic acid, lactic acid, and in case of seizures, cytochemical, and culture of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and PCR (polymerase chain reaction) for herpes. Results: A total of 98 (2.8%) out of 3,454 newborns were admitted due to episodes of cyanosis. Gestational age: 37.8 +/- 1.4 weeks, birth weight: 3,145 +/- 477 g. Maternal age: 32 +/- 4.8 years. Disease was present in 19.4% of mothers; gestational diabetes (8.1%), pregnancy induced hypertension (5.1%), intrahepatic cholestasis (3.1%), and intrauterine growth retardation (3.1%). Gender: 48.8% male, 51.2% female (NS). Birth: caesarean section, 68.4%, and vaginal delivery, 31.6%. Age on admission 1.9 +/- 1.4 days. Hospital stay: 4.2 +/- 4.2 days. First line tests were performed in 100% of patients with 39.8% fulfilling the criteria for second line study. A condition was detected in 21.4%, with convulsive syndrome was the most frequent (33%). Newborns with an identified condition had 3.8 +/- 2.7episodes versus 1.5 +/- 2,4 in those without diagnosis (NS). A home oxygen monitor was given to 15.4%. There were no re-admissions. Conclusions: Most newborns admitted due to cyanosis are discharged with a condition of unknown origin. In this study, convulsive syndrome was the most frequent cause. (C) 2015 Sociedad Chilena de Pediatria. Published by Elsevier Espana, S.L.U.
Possible roles of exercise and apelin against pregnancy complications; The prevalence of maternal obesity during pregnancy is associated with the risk of gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and cardiomyopathy. Environmental factors such as active lifestyles and apelin may lead to beneficial changes. In rats, apelin and exercise (45 to 65% VO2max for 6 to 9 weeks) during pregnancy increase brown adipose tissue (BAT) proteins such as Cidea, Elovl3, UCP1, PRDM16, and PGC-1 alpha in males and females fetuses, while white adipose tissue (WAT) is reduced. In humans and animals, apelin and exercise stimulate the expression of the glucose transporters (GLUT1/2/4) in the muscle and adipose tissue through the PI3K/Akt and AMPK pathways. Hence, exercise and apelin may are known as regulators of energy metabolism and be anti-obesity and anti-diabetic properties. In mice, exercise also creates a short-term hypoxic environment in the pregnant mother, activating HIF-1, VEGF, and VEGFR, and increasing angiogenesis. Exercise and apelin also increase vasodilation, angiogenesis, and suppression of inflammation through the L-arginine/eNOS/NO pathway in humans. Exercise can stimulate the ACE2-Ang-(1-7)-Mas axis in parallel with inhibiting the ACE-Ang II-AT1 pathway. Exercise and apelin seem to prevent preeclampsia through these processes. In rats, moderate-intensity exercise (60 to 70% VO2max for 8 weeks) and apelin/APJ also may prevent pathological hypertrophy in pregnancy by activating the PI3K/Akt/mTOR/p70S6K pathway, PI3k-Akt-ERK1/2-p70S6K pathway, and the anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10. Since pre-clinical studies have been more on animal models, future research with scientific guidelines should pay more attention to human specimens. In future research, time factors such as the first, second, and third trimesters of pregnancy and the intensity and duration of exercise are important variables that should be considered to determine the optimal intensity and duration of exercise.
The Burden of Deep Vein Thrombosis and Risk Factors in Pregnancy and Postpartum-Mirroring Our Region's Particularities; (1) Background: The three factors within the Virchow triad play the leading role in the development of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) during pregnancy. (2) Methods: This research approaches the various risk factors associated with DVT and its most representative complications, pulmonary thromboembolism and cerebral venous thrombosis, in pregnant and postpartum women across a 15-year period (2007-2021). (3) Results: A total of 201 out of 287 patients with DVT had associated risk factors, while 86 did not present with any. Out of the 201 patients with risk factors, 47 developed pulmonary thromboembolism, while 12 experienced cerebral thrombosis. The statistical analysis of risk factors involved in DVT revealed high significance for obesity (OR 3.676; CI 2.484-5.439), gestational diabetes (OR 3.394; CI 2.101-5.483), hypertension (OR 2.325; CI 1.591-3.397), preeclampsia (OR 4.753; CI 2.342-9.645), thrombophilia (OR 12.138; CI 8.973-16.417), and varicose veins (OR 9.678; CI 7.321-12.793); for pulmonary thromboembolism, there was high significance for obesity (OR 7.867; CI 4.297-14.401), hypertension (OR 2.605; CI 1.246-5.446), preeclampsia (OR 7.483; CI 2.346-23.872), thrombophilia (OR 11.035; CI 5.910-20.602), and varicose veins (OR 6.837; CI 3.665-12.757); and for cerebral thromboembolism (CTE), the risk factors identified were obesity (OR 6.755; CI 1.954-23.347), hypertension (OR 1.167; CI 0.155-8.770), preeclampsia (OR 9.655; CI 1.283-72.672), and thrombophilia (OR 33.275; CI 12.884-85.939). (4) Conclusions: Obesity was the only significant factor found to influence DVT, pulmonary embolism and CTE risks, and hereditary thrombophilia was the main factor influencing the risk for pulmonary thromboembolism and CTE. Systemic lupus erythematosus and gestational diabetes revealed conflicting results that require further investigation.
Exercise During Pregnancy <i>Fetal Responses to Current Public Health Guidelines</i>; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate acute fetal responses to individually prescribed exercise according to existing guidelines (U. S. Department of Health and Human Services) in active and inactive pregnant women. METHODS: Forty-five healthy pregnant women (15 non-exercisers, 15 regularly active, 15 highly active) were tested between 28 0/7 and 32 6/7 weeks of gestation. After a treadmill test to volitional fatigue, target heart rates were calculated for two subsequent 30-minute treadmill sessions: 1) moderate intensity (40-59% heart rate reserve); and 2) vigorous intensity (60-84%). All women performed the moderate test; only active women performed the vigorous test. Fetal well-being measures included umbilical artery Dopplers, fetal heart tracing and rate, and biophysical profile. Measures were obtained at rest and immediately postexercise. RESULTS: Groups were similar in age, body mass index, and gestational age. Maternal resting heart rate in the highly active group (61.6 +/- 7.2 beats per minute [bpm]) was significantly lower than the nonexercise (79.0 +/- 11.6 bpm) and regularly active (71.9 +/- 7.4 bpm) groups (P<.001). Treadmill time was longer in highly active (22.3 +/- 2.9 minutes) than regularly active (16.6 +/- 3.4) and nonexercise (12.1 +/- 3.6) groups (P<.001), reflecting higher fitness. With moderate exercise, all umbilical artery Doppler indices were similar pre-exercise and postexercise among groups. With vigorous exercise, Dopplers were similar in regularly and highly active women with statistically significant decreases postexercise (P<.05). The group x time interaction was not significant. Postexercise fetal heart tracings met criteria for reactivity within 20 minutes after all tests. Biophysical profile scores were reassuring. CONCLUSION: This study supports existing guidelines indicating pregnant women may begin or maintain an exercise program at moderate (inactive) or vigorous (active) intensities. (Obstet Gynecol 2012;119:603-10) DOI: 10.1097/AOG.0b013e31824760b5
Developmental programming by maternal obesity: Lessons from animal models; The obesity epidemic has led to more women entering pregnancy overweight or obese. In addition to adverse short-term outcomes, maternal obesity and/or gestational diabetes predispose offspring to developing obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in adulthood through developmental programming. Human epidemiological studies, although vital in identifying associations, are often unable to address causality and mechanistic studies can be limited by the lack of accessibility of key metabolic tissues. Furthermore, multi-generational studies take many years to complete. Integration of findings from human studies with those from animal models has therefore been critical in moving forward this field that has been termed the 'Developmental Origins of Health and Disease'. This review summarises the evidence from animal models and highlights how animal models provide valuable insight into the maternal factors responsible for developmental programming, potential critical developmental windows, sexual dimorphism, molecular mechanisms and age-related offspring outcomes throughout life. Moreover, we describe how animal models are vital to explore clinically relevant interventions to prevent adverse offspring outcomes in obese or glucose intolerant pregnancy, such as antioxidant supplementation, exercise and maternal metformin treatment.
Insulin resistance and metformin in polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a heterogeneous disorder with widespread systemic manifestations affecting 5-10% of women of reproductive age. The accompanying insulin resistance and hypeinsulinemia mark this syndrome as a prediabetic state, with high incidence of impaired glucose tolerance, gestational diabetes, and overt diabetes. Other metabolic and biochemical changes, such as hypertension and dyslipidemia, increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. Fertility may also be impaired due to anovulation, impaired implantation, and higher rates of spontaneous abortions. All of these effects may also be related to hyperinsulinemia. Metformin, as insulin- sensitizing drug, is being evaluated for its potential long-term disease-modifying effect, such as prevention of diabetes. Its use may also help restore spontaneous ovulation and improve menstrual cyclicity, improve the success rate of induction of ovulation with clomiphene citrate and FSH, and decrease the high rate of ovarian hyperstimulation and early pregnancy loss. Nevertheless, these new exiting potential benefits of metformin should be evaluated in large randomized controlled studies, and clinicians must counsel women appropriately before the initiation of metformin therapy. (C) 2004 Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Arsenic and Obesity: a Review of Causation and Interaction; Purpose of Review Arsenic is associated with cancer, heart disease, diabetes, and other outcomes that are also related to obesity. These similar effects raise the possibility that arsenic plays a role in obesity causation. They also raise the possibility that obesity may be an important effect modifier of arsenic-caused disease. This review summarizes the complex relationship between arsenic and obesity, with an emphasis on current research from human studies. Recent Findings Experimental studies provide some evidence that arsenic could play a role in obesity pathogenesis. To date, however, these associations have not been confirmed in human studies. In contrast, several epidemiologic studies have shown that the risks of arsenic-caused disease are markedly higher in obese individuals, highlighting obesity as an important susceptibility factor. Arsenic exposure and obesity are prevalent and widespread. Research identifying vulnerable populations, including obese individuals, could lead to new interventions having broad public health effects.
The impact of occupational shift work and working hours during pregnancy on health outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis; BACKGROUD: An increasing number of original studies suggest that exposure to shift work and long working hours during pregnancy could be associated with the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes, but the results remain conflicting and inconclusive. OBJECTIVE: To examine the influences of shift work and longer working hours during pregnancy on maternal and fetal health outcomes. DATA SOURCES: Five electronic databases and 3 gray literature sources were searched up to March 15, 2019. METHODS OF STUDY SELECTION: Studies of all designs (except case studies and reviews) were included, which contained information on the relevant population (women who engaged in paid work during pregnancy); exposure (rotating shift work [shifts change according to a set schedule], fixed night shift [typical working period is between 11:00 pm and 11:00 am] or longer working hours [>40 hours per week]);comparator (fixed day shift [typical working period is between 8:00 am and 6:00 pm] or standard working hours [<40 hours per week]); and outcomes (preterm delivery, low birthweight [birthweight <2500 g], small for gestational age, miscarriage, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, stillbirth, and gestational diabetes mellitus). TABULATION, INTEGRATION, AND RESULTS: From 3305 unique citations, 62 observational studies (196,989 women) were included. "Low" to "very low" certainty evidence from these studies revealed that working rotating shifts was associated with an increased odds of preterm delivery (odds ratio, 1.13; 95% confidence interval, 1.00-1.28,12 = 31%), an infant small for gestational age (odds ratio, 1.18, 95% confidence interval, 1.01-1.38,I-2= 0%), preeclampsia (odds ratio, 1.75, 95% confidence interval, 1.01-3.01,I-2 = 75%), and gestational hypertension (odds ratio, 1.19, 95% confidence interval, 1.10-1.29,12= 0%), compared to those who worked a fixed day shift. Working fixed night shifts was associated with an increased odds of preterm delivery (odds ratio, 1.21; 95% confidence interval, 1.03-1.42; I-2 = 36%) and miscarriage (odds ratio, 1.23; 95% confidence interval, 1.03-1.47;I-2= 37%). Compared with standard hours, working longer hours was associated with an increased odds of miscarriage (odds ratio, 1.38; 95% confidence interval, 1.08-1.77; I-2 = 73%), preterm delivery (odds ratio, 1.21; 95% confidence interval, 1.11-1.33; I-2 = 30%), an infant of low birthweight (odds ratio, 1.43; 95% confidence interval, 1.11-1.84; I-2 = 0%), or an infant small for gestational age (odds ratio, 1.16, 95% confidence interval, 1.00-1.36,I-2 = 57%). Dose response analysis showed that women working more than 55.5 hours (vs 40 hours) per week had a 10% increase in the odds of having a preterm delivery. CONCLUSION: Pregnant women who work rotating shifts, fixed night shifts, or longer hours have an increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Primary atherothrombotic occlusive vascular events in premenopausal women with history of adverse pregnancy outcome; Objective: To determine if adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with atherothrombotic occlusive vascular disease (AOVD) in premenopausal women. Design: Retrospective matched case-control study. Setting: Tertiary, university-affiliated medical center. Population: Women aged less than 50 years treated for an AOVD (primary cerebrovascular, myocardial, or peripheral arterial ischemic event) from 1995 to 2004. Method: The files were reviewed for classical risk factors for AOVD and complications of pregnancy (abortions, pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), fetal loss and preterm delivery). Findings were compared with healthy women matched for age and body mass index. Main outcome measures: Past pregnancy complications in premenopausal women with AOVD. Results: Of the 101 women with AOVD, 53 had a myocardial ischemic event, 33 a cerebrovascular event, and 15 a peripheral ischemic arterial event. On multivariate analysis, IUGR (OR 8.41, 95% CI 2.36-29.9, p = 0.001) and more than one pregnancy complication (OR 13.7, 95% CI 1.56-120, p = 0.02) were found to be independent significant variables associated with AOVD. Conclusion: IUGR and composite pregnancy complications are independent significant variables associated with AOVD in premenopausal period. Pregnancy outcome might serve as a means to identify patients who may require increased medical surveillance and preventive measures for later vascular disease. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Severe maternal morbidity and other perinatal complications among women with physical, sensory, or intellectual and developmental disabilities; Background Little is known about severe maternal morbidity (SMM) among women with disabilities. Objective We assessed differences in SMM and other perinatal complications by presence and type of disability. We hypothesised that SMM and other complications would be more common in births to women with disabilities than to women without disabilities. Methods We conducted a retrospective cohort study of California births from 2000 to 2012, using birth and death certificate data linked with hospital discharge data. We included singleton deliveries with gestational age of 23-42 weeks. We classified women as having any disability or not and identified disability type (physical, hearing, vision, intellectual/developmental disabilities [IDD]). Our primary outcome was a composite indicator of SMM. Secondary outcomes included additional perinatal complications: gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, venous thromboembolism, chorioamnionitis, puerperal endometritis and mental health disorders complicating pregnancy, childbirth or the puerperium. We used modified Poisson regression to obtain covariate-adjusted relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the association of disability status and type with SMM and secondary outcomes. Results Of 5,787,090 deliveries, 33,044 (0.6%) were to women with disabilities. Of these, 311 per 10,000 were complicated by SMM, compared with 84 per 10,000 deliveries to women without disabilities. In multivariable analyses, risk of SMM for births to women with disabilities was nearly three times that for women without disabilities (RR 2.84, 95% CI 2.67, 3.02). Proportion and risk of SMM were greatest for vision disability (793 per 10,000; RR 4.04, 95% CI 3.41, 4.78). Secondary outcomes were also more common among women with disabilities. In particular, more than a third of births to women with IDD (37.4%) were complicated by mental health disorders (versus 2.2% for women without disabilities). Conclusion As hypothesised, SMM and other perinatal complications were more common among women with disabilities than among women without disabilities.
Maternal and fetal outcomes of urolithiasis: A retrospective cohort study; Objectives: Although urolithiasis is relatively common in the general population, there is limited information on this condition available in the pregnant population. The objectives of this study are to identify the incidence of urolithiasis in pregnancy, as well as to compare maternal and fetal outcomes associated with urolithiasis in pregnancy. Methods: Using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample database from the United States, a population-based retrospective cohort study consisting of pregnant women who delivered between 1999 and 2015 was conducted. ICD-9-CM code 592.X was used to identify pregnant women with urolithiasis within the cohort, with pregnant women without urolithiasis forming the comparison group. Unconditional logistic regression models were used to estimate the associations between urolithiasis in pregnancy and maternal and neonatal outcomes, while adjusting for baseline maternal characteristics. Results: A cohort of 13,792,544 pregnant women was identified, of which 11,528 had a urolithiasis-related admission during pregnancy, for an overall incidence of 8.3 per 10,000 pregnancies. Women with urolithiasis had a greater risk of developing preeclampsia/eclampsia, OR 1.35(95% CI 1.24-1.47), gestational diabetes, 1.29(1.20-1.30), abruptio placenta, 1.41(1.22-1.64), placenta previa, 1.55(1.27-1.90), pyelonephritis, 88.87(81.69-96.69), venous thromboembolism, 1.65(1.23-2.22), and more likely to deliver by cesarean, 1.20(1.15-1.25). As well, maternal death was more common among these women, 2.85(1.07-7.60). Congenital anomalies, 2.84(2.43-3.31) and prematurity, 1.92(1.82-2.03) were more commonly found among babies born to women with urolithiasis. Conclusion: Although the mechanism is unclear, women with urolithiasis in pregnancy have an increased risk of adverse pregnancy and newborn outcomes. (C) 2021 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Current issues and perspectives in prenatal nutrition; The typical American diet, characterized by energy-dense foods rich in starches, sugars, and saturated fats, and low in fruits and vegetables, is relatively unhealthy and is associated with nutritional deficiencies. Suboptimal diets for pregnant women have been associated with serious maternal medical complications (eg, iron deficiency anemia, high blood pressure, gestational diabetes, and morning sickness), as well as an increased risk of intrauterine growth restriction, birth defects, developmental delays after birth, and future chronic health problems, (eg, heart disease, type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, and high cholesterol) during childhood, as well as later in life. Folic acid deficiency is one of the most common problems among pregnant women, and supplementation with folic acid during pregnancy has been reported to decrease the occurrence and recurrence of fetal neural tube defects. Folate supplementation beginning preconception, along with a multivitamin, at least 12 weeks prior to conception is recommended to achieve maximal risk reduction. The reported benefits of supplementing docosahexaenoic acid, an unsaturated omega-3 essential fatty acid, during pregnancy include promoting proper neurodevelopment in fetuses and infants that extends into childhood. Pregnancy is also associated with an increased susceptibility to oxidative stress, resulting from the imbalance between oxygen free radicals and the essential antioxidants that maintain homeostasis. Associated complications include preeclampsia, preterm labor, and intrauterine growth restriction. There is not enough evidence to support routine use of antioxidants, such as vitamins C and E during pregnancy, but coenzyme Q10 and lycopene are additional antioxidants under study and are yielding promising results by decreasing the occurrence of maternal complications.
Explaining the obesity paradox in healthcare utilization among people with type 2 diabetes; Background Several studies of diabetes suggest an obesity paradox: persons without diabetes have an increased risk of death due to obesity, whereas obesity decreases the risk of death for people with diabetes. A recent study finds the same obesity paradox with the number of healthcare visits. Whether empirical biases and confounding lead to this paradox is yet to be determined. Objective To examine changes in the relationship between BMI and number of visits in diabetic vs nondiabetic populations, controlling for confounding risk factors. Methods Using adults in the nationally representative Medical Expenditure Panel Survey (MEPS) from 2008 to 2016, N = 210,317, we examine the proposed relationship using six measures of healthcare visits with zero-inflated negative binomial regressions controlling for age, gender, race/ethnicity, income, education, region, health insurance, chronic conditions, and smoking. We excluded persons with type 1 diabetes and gestational diabetes. Results We find an obesity paradox among people with diabetes for three measures. That is, relative to people without diabetes, normal weight people with diabetes have more emergency room visits, inpatient, and office-based physician visits than do the obese with diabetes. However, we do not find an obesity paradox in any of the six measures once we exclude smokers and persons ever diagnosed with cancer or cardiovascular disease. Conclusion The obesity paradox does not exist at the utilization level and is due to the presence of statistical biases such as confounding and reverse causation. Physicians should continue to focus on efforts to prevent obesity in patients with diabetes.
Phytosterols: From Preclinical Evidence to Potential Clinical Applications; Phytosterols (PSs) are plant-originated steroids. Over 250 PSs have been isolated, and each plant species contains a characteristic phytosterol composition. A wide number of studies have reported remarkable pharmacological effects of PSs, acting as chemopreventive, anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, antidiabetic, and antiatherosclerotic agents. However, PS bioavailability is a key issue, as it can be influenced by several factors (type, source, processing, preparation, delivery method, food matrix, dose, time of administration into the body, and genetic factors), and the existence of a close relationship between their chemical structures (e.g., saturation degree and side-chain length) and low absorption rates has been stated. In this sense, the present review intends to provide in-depth data on PS therapeutic potential for human health, also emphasizing their preclinical effects and bioavailability-related issues.
AN ASSESSMENT OF RISK FACTORS FOR CONGENITAL HEART DISEASES IN CHILDREN OF AGE GROUP 0-10 YEARS: A CASE CONTROL STUDY; BACKGROUND & OBJECTIVES: Congenital heart diseases (CHDs) affect approx 6-8 infants per1000 live births have multifactorial origin. Various studies attribute number of maternal (e.g. family history of congenital heart diseases, consanguinity, febrile illness, co-morbidities like diabetes or hypertension) and fetal factors (prematurity, LBW, chromosomal abnormality) for development of CHDs. There is paucity of data in India; hence this study was conducted to evaluate risk factors in causation of CHDs in children. METHOD: It was a case control study conducted from Mar to Aug 2012 among children up to 10 years of age attending tertiary care hospital in Maharashtra, India. A total of 75 cases of CHDs and equal number of matched controls were included in the study. RESULTS: The mean age of cases was 19 months and that of controls 18 months. Male to female ratio was 1.5:1 among cases and 1.7:1 among controls. VSD was the commonest cardiac anomaly found in 37(49.33%) cases. In neonatal characteristics, cases had significantly increased number of prematurity and low birth weight as, compared to control(p=0.006), OR-3.25(95% CI 1.35-8.25) and(p<0.001), OR-3.86 (95% CI 1.85-8.11) respectively. Twenty six (35%) children among cases were born of consanguineous marriage while 8(11%) in controls and association was found statistically significant [p<0.01, OR-4.44 (95% C.I=1.75-12.24)]. Similar associations were seen with family history of congenital heart diseases [OR 4.10(95% C.I=1.34-14.97), co-morbidities [p=0.02, OR-2.7 (95% CI 1.1-6.93)]. CONCLUSION: Our study showed maternal factors like consanguinity, family history of congenital heart diseases, co-morbidities like gestational diabetes, hypertension and drug intake during pregnancy were significant underlying risk factors for development of CHDs in children.
Care of Infants Born to Women with Diabetes; Purpose of Review Infants of women with diabetes are at risk for specific morbidities including congenital anomalies, abnormalities of fetal growth, neonatal hypoglycemia, electrolyte abnormalities, polycythemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and respiratory distress syndrome. Recent studies have shed light on long-term outcomes of these infants and presented advances in treatment. The purpose of this review is to outline the most common neonatal morbidities affecting infants of women with diabetes, the pathophysiology and prevalence of these conditions, and contemporary approaches to treatment. Recent Findings Recent investigative findings have led to advances in treatment approaches for these infants, particularly regarding risks of neonatal hypoglycemia. Optimizing maternal glycemic control during pregnancy is imperative to improving infant outcomes. However, on a population level, maternal diabetes still poses significant risks to the infant. Timely and appropriate treatment of infants of women with diabetes is imperative to decrease short- and long-term morbidity.
Pregnancy after Age 50: Defining Risks for Mother and Child; Assisted reproductive technology using donor-egg in vitro fertilization (D-IVF) has enabled women 50 years and above to successfully achieve pregnancy. We examine the safety profile of these pregnancies through a large, single-center case series and retrospective cohort analysis in which all participants were carefully screened medically prior to conception. Consecutive women aged >= 50 years (n = 101) who achieved a viable pregnancy via D-IVF were identified and their perinatal outcomes were recorded. These data were compared with control data from younger (<= 42 years) recipients of D-IVF (n 41) who also achieved a viable pregnancy at our center during the same period. Compared with the younger women, older recipients had statistically similar rates of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (23% versus 14%, odds ratio [OR] 1.9 [0.65 to 5.4]), gestational diabetes (4.0% versus 3.0%, OR 1.4 [0.15 to 113.0]), preterm premature rupture of membranes/preterm labor (8.9% versus 14%, OR 0.59 [0.18 to 1.9]), and abnormal placentation (2.1% versus 0%). Cesarean delivery was high in women >= 50 (81% of singletons, 100% of multiples). There was one maternal death, which occurred before delivery in a 49-year-old woman who would have been 50 at term had she survived, presumably secondary to myocardial infarction. Primary neonatal outcomes of gestational age and birth weight were excellent and similar between groups. Women >= 50 years who achieve pregnancy via D-IVF are at high risk for maternal complications, particularly hypertensive disorders and cesarean section, but at rates similar to those seen in younger recipients.
Maternal Macronutrient Consumption and the Developmental Origins of Metabolic Disease in the Offspring; Recent research aimed at understanding the rise in obesity and cardiometabolic disease in children suggests that suboptimal maternal nutrition conditions organ systems and physiological responses in the offspring contributing to disease development. Understanding the mechanisms by which the macronutrient composition of the maternal diet during pregnancy or lactation affects health outcomes in the offspring may lead to new maternal nutrition recommendations, disease prevention strategies and therapies that reduce the increasing incidence of cardiometabolic disease in children. Recent mechanistic animal model research has identified how excess fats and sugars in the maternal diet alter offspring glucose tolerance, insulin signaling and metabolism. Maternal nutrition appears to influence epigenetic alterations in the offspring and the programming of gene expression in key metabolic pathways. This review is focused on experimental studies in animal models that have investigated mechanisms of how maternal consumption of macronutrients affects cardiometabolic disease development in the offspring. Future research using "-omic" technologies is essential to elucidate the mechanisms of how altered maternal macronutrient consumption influences the development of disease in the offspring.
Inpatient management of diabetes: survey in a tertiary care centre; Aims: Good glycaemic control in hospitalised patients with diabetes mellitus improves wellbeing and aids recovery. This survey aimed to: (1) assess glycaemic control in patients with diabetes admitted to hospital for reasons other than diabetes, (2) compare the glycaemic control in patients treated in medical and surgical units, and (3) see the impact of specialists' input on glycaemic control. Methods: The first 150 patients admitted to hospital were identified; those with acute metabolic complications of diabetes mellitus, acute myocardial infarction, pregestational or gestational diabetes, and patients in different intensive care units were excluded. Case notes were reviewed with particular attention to glycaemic control, frequency of blood monitoring, complications, and the actions taken to improve glycaemic control. Results: Four of the 150 patients died in hospital. When subcutaneous insulin was used glycaemic control was good in 48%, suboptimal in 15%, and poor in 37% of patients. The results were not significantly different with subcutaneous or intravenous insulin. There was also no difference in glycaemic control among medical and surgical patients. Patients managed by designated specialists had better control than those managed by physicians (p < 0.001). Hypoglycaemia was documented in 20% and two patients developed non-ketotic hyperosmolar coma while in hospital. In a few cases treatment at discharge was not changed despite poor control while in hospital. Conclusion: More attention should be given to improving glycaemic control in patients hospitalised for reasons other than diabetes. Particular care should be taken to modify the dose of insulin needed to get good glycaemic control; control was better with specialists' input. A follow up survey will be conducted.
Assessment of diastolic ventricular function in fetuses of diabetic mothers using tissue Doppler; Objective: To identify the presence of ventricullar diastolic dysfunction by tissue Doppler in fetuses of diabetic mothers, with or without septal hypertrophy, in comparison to fetuses of nondiabetic mothers. Methods: A contemporary transverse study in fetuses with a gestational age between 25 weeks to term, studying diastolic function by assessment using tissue Doppler and pulsed wave Doppler of the atrioventricular diastolic flow. The mothers of the fetuses all had previous or gestational diabetes, and were referred to the Fetal Cardiology Unit of the Institute of Cardiology in Porto Alegre, Brazil. We analysed variance with the Student-Neumann-Keuls post hoc test. An alfa of 0.05 was considered significant for statistical analysis. Results: The mean myocardial velocities of the E' and A' waves at the! mural mitrat annulus, in fetuses of diabetic mothers with myocardial hypertrophy, were, respectively, 7.00 plus or minus 1.6 centimetres per second, and 10.24 plus or minus 3.3 centimetres per second. In the fetuses of diabetic mothers group without myocardial hypertrophy, the comparable values were 7.1.9 plus or minus 2.4 centimetres per second and 10.77 plus or minus 3.77 centimetres per second, respectively. In the control group, they were 4.81 plus or minus 0.85 centimetres per second and 8.01 plus or minus 2.2 centimetres per second. The difference between the velocities in fetuses of diabetic mothers and in fetal normal mothers was statistically significant (1) less than 0.05). Statistically significant differences were also observed in E' and A' diastolic waves at the aortic mitral annulus, as well as for the tricuspid annulus when tissue Doppler assessment was carried out in the same sample. The mean ratio between the E and E' of mitral and tricuspid waves in the control fetuses of normal mothers was significantly higher than in fetuses of diabetic mothers. Conclusion: Pulsed tissue Doppler, when used in fetuses of diabetic mothers and compared with fetuses of nondiabetic mothers, shows evidence of impaired diastolic function, independently of the presence of myocardial hypertrophy.
Maternal-fetal dyad beyond the phenomenology of pregnancy: from primordial cardiovascular prevention on out, do not miss this boat!; Pregnancy represents a stress test for every woman's cardiovascular (CV) system, and a preexisting maternal unfavorable cardio-metabolic phenotype can uncover both adverse pregnancy outcomes and the subsequent development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors during and after pregnancy. Moreover, the maternal cardiac and extracardiac environment can affect offspring's cardiovascular health through a complex mechanism called developmental programming, in which fetal growth can be influenced by maternal conditions. This interaction continues later in life, as adverse developmental programming, along with lifestyle risk factors and genetic predisposition, can exacerbate and accelerate the development of CV risk factors and CVD in childhood and adolescence. The aim of this narrative review is to summarize the latest evidences regarding maternal -fetal dyad and its role on primordial, primary and secondary CV prevention.
Sex- and gender-aspects in regard to clinical practice recommendations for pre-diabetes and diabetes; Metabolic diseases dramatically affect life of men and women from infancy up to old age and are a major challenge for clinicians. Health professionals are confronted with different needs of women and men. This article aims at an increase of gender awareness and the implemention of current knowledge of gender medicine in daily clinical practice with regard to prediabetes and diabetes. Sex and gender affect screening and diagnosis of metabolic diseases as well as treatment strategies and outcome. Impaired glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution are related to steroid hormones and therefore impose their influence on cardiovascular health in both men and women. In women pre-diabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavourable changes of coagulation and blood pressure. Pre-diabetic and diabetic women are at much higher risk for vascular disease (x 3-6 compared to nondiabetic women) than diabetic men (x 2-3 compared to healthy males). Women are more often obese and less physically active. Whereas men predominantly feature impaired fasting glucose, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or the presence of a PCOS in women, on the other hand the presence of erectile dysfunction (ED) in men are sex specific risk factors for diabetes development. ED is a common feature of obese men with the Metabolic Syndrome and an important predictor of cardiovascular disease. Several studies showed that diabetic women reach their targets of metabolic control (HbA1c), blood pressure and LDL-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons for worse treatment outcome in diabetic females are not clear. Furthermore, sex differences in action, pharmacokinetics, and side effects of pharmacological therapy have to be taken into account.
Insulin signaling pathways and cardiac growth; The development, growth, function and metabolism of the heart are regulated by extracellular growth factors, cytokines and ligands. In this review, the role of insulin and insulin-like growth factors in the regulation of cardiac growth will be discussed. In addition, the role of insulin- and insulin-like growth factor-stimulated intracellular signaling proteins in cardiac growth will be reviewed. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Maternal hypertensive disorders during pregnancy and the risk of offspring diabetes mellitus in childhood, adolescence, and early adulthood: a nationwide population-based cohort study; BackgroundMaternal hypertensive disorders during pregnancy (HDP) have been suggested to contribute to the development of offspring cardiovascular disease later in life, but empirical evidence remains inconsistent. This study was aimed to assess the association of maternal overall and type-specific HDPs with diabetes in offspring from childhood to early adulthood.MethodsUsing Danish national health registers, a total of 2,448,753 individuals born in Denmark from 1978 to 2018 were included in this study. Maternal HDP included chronic hypertension, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. The outcome of interest was diabetes in offspring (including type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes). The follow-up of offspring started at birth and ended at the first diagnosis of diabetes, emigration from Denmark, death, or time end on 31 December 2018, whichever came first. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to evaluate the hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of the association between maternal HDP and diabetes (including type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes) in offspring from birth to young adulthood (up to 41 years), with the offspring's age as the time scale.ResultsDuring a follow-up of up to 41 (median: 19.3) years, 1247 offspring born to mothers with HDP and 23,645 offspring born to mothers without HDP were diagnosed with diabetes. Compared with offspring born to mothers without HDP, those born to mothers with HDP had an increased risk for overall diabetes (HR=1.27, 95% CI=1.20-1.34), as well as for type 2 diabetes (HR=1.57, 95% CI=1.38-1.78) and gestational diabetes (HR=1.37, 95% CI=1.25-1.49). We did not observe obvious increased risk for type 1 diabetes (HR=1.08, 95% CI=0.98-1.18). Offspring of mothers with gestational hypertension (HR=1.37, 95% CI=1.00-1.88) or preeclampsia (HR=1.62, 95% CI=1.41-1.87) had higher risks of type 2 diabetes. The strongest association was observed for severe preeclampsia, with a 2-fold risk of type 2 diabetes (HR=2.00, 95% CI=1.42-2.82). The association between maternal HDP and type 1 diabetes did not reach statistical significance, except for maternal gestational hypertension (HR=1.41, 95%CI=1.17-1.71). In addition, we found that offspring born to mothers with any subtypes of maternal HDP had higher risk of gestational diabetes, and the corresponding HRs (95%CIs) for chronic hypertension, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia were 1.60 (1.06-2.41), 1.29 (1.04-1.59), and 1.38 (1.24-1.53), respectively. We also observed stronger associations among offspring of mothers with HDP and comorbid diabetes (HR=4.64, 95%CI=3.85-5.60) than offspring of mothers with HDP or diabetes alone.ConclusionsOffspring of mothers with HDP, especially mothers with comorbid diabetes, had an increased risk of diabetes later in their life. Our findings suggest that timely and effective prevention of HDP in women of childbearing age should be taken into consideration as diabetes prevention and control strategies for their generations.
Increased red cell count in diabetes and pre-diabetes; The aim of this study was to test whether an increased red cell count (RCC) is present in prediabetes, obesity and the metabolic syndrome. The results demonstrate that these diabetes precursor states are associated with an increased RCC. This relationship can be explained, in part, by an increased HbA1c. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
MALAT1 as a Diagnostic and Therapeutic Target in Diabetes-Related Complications: A Promising Long-Noncoding RNA; Diabetes mellitus is a global issue with increasing incidence rate worldwide. In an uncontrolled case, it can advance to various organ-related complications leading to an increase in morbidity and mortality. Long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) Metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1) appears to be a fairly novel lncRNA that is relevant to diabetes and its role in diabetic-related diseases initiation and progression have long been a subject of attention to many scholars. The expression of MALAT1 is elevated in different diabetic-related diseases. In this review, we demonstrate the various functions of MALAT1 in the different diabetes-related complications including ischemic reperfusion injury, retinopathy, cataract, atherosclerosis, cardiomyopathy, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, gastroparesis, kidney disease, and gestational diabetes. The emerging evidence showed that the role of MALAT1 in diabetic-related complications is both pro-inflammatory and apoptosis in different cell types. These results concluded that MALAT1 is a potential diagnostic and future targeted therapy for diabetes-associated complications.
Maternal and Perinatal Outcome of Maternal Obesity at RSCM in 2014-2019; Obesity is a pandemic found in many countries. It is estimated that, in 2025, more than 21% of women in the world will suffer from obesity and its number keeps increasing yearly. Obesity in pregnancy is one of the important challenges in obstetric services given the prevalence and potential adverse effects on the mother and fetus. Obese women have a higher risk of developing gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, venous thromboembolism, postpartum hemorrhage, cesarean delivery, and maternal death. The aim of this research is to determine the prevalence of maternal and perinatal complication in various obesity grades. This research was an observational descriptive study using the cross-sectional design. The inclusion criterion is obese pregnant women whose delivery was done in Dr. Cipto Mangunkusumo National General Hospital (RSCM) from 2014 to 2019. The exclusion criterion in this study is the incomplete medical record. A total of 111 subjects were included in the study. Obesity grades in this study were based on World Health Organization (WHO) obesity, divided into 3 classifications which are obese I (30-34.9 kg/m(2)), obese II (35-39.9 kg/m(2)), and obese III (>= 40 kg/m(2)). Maternal outcomes in this study were birth method, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and premature rupture of membrane (PROM). Perinatal outcomes in this study were preterm birth, birth weight, APGAR score, and postdelivery neonatal care. In this study, obese patients had a mean age of 31.23 years, mean gravida 2, parity 1, and abortion 0. Most of these patients used an intrauterine device (IUD) for family planning (74.8%). There were no differences in age, parity status, and family planning methods in each group of patients with different body mass index (p>0.05). Maternal characteristics are the majority of deliveries performed cesarean delivery (86.5%), cases of diabetes mellitus are more common in obese I patients (50%), preeclampsia is more prevalent in obese grade II patients (34,4%), and premature rupture of membranes (PROM) is more common in patients with obese II (52,4%). However, there was no difference in the prevalence of maternal outcomes between groups. There was a median gestational age of 37 weeks in all obesity grades, the highest percentage of preterm births owned by obese II patients (32,6%), the mean birth weight of babies tends to increase along with the weighting of the body mass index group, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) treatment rooms were mostly occupied from mother with obese II groups (18%). There was no difference in the first-minute and fifth-minute APGAR scores between study groups (p>0.05). There were no differences in perinatal outcomes between groups. There were no significant differences in maternal and perinatal outcomes prevalence between different obesity grades. However, the rate of maternal and perinatal complications in obese women is higher than the normal population, thus requiring sophisticated prevention and approach toward handling the pregnancy.
Diseases and conditions that impact maternal and fetal health and the potential for nanomedicine therapies; Maternal mortality rates in the United States have steadily increased since 1987 to the current rate of over 16 deaths per 100,000 live births. Whereas most of these deaths are related to an underlying condition, such as cardiovascular disease, many pregnant women die from diseases that emerge as a consequence of pregnancy. Both pre-existing and emergent diseases and conditions are difficult to treat in pregnant women because of the potential harmful effects of the treatment on the developing fetus. Often the health of the woman and the health of the baby are at odds and must be weighed against each other when medical treatment is needed, frequently leading to iatrogenic preterm birth. However, the use of engineered nanomedicines has the potential to fill the treatment gap for pregnant women. This review describes several conditions that may afflict pregnant women and fetuses and introduces how engineered nanomedicines may be used to treat these illnesses. Although the field of maternal-fetal nanomedicine is in its infancy, with additional research and development, engineered nanotherapeutics may greatly improve outcomes for pregnant women and their offspring in the future. (c) 2020 Published by Elsevier B.V.
Aplastic anemia associated with pregnancy: maternal and fetal complications; Objective: To analyze obstetric complications associated with aplastic anemia (AA) among pregnant women and analyze the underlying factors.Methods: A retrospective analysis of 60 pregnancies with AA. Thirty four of these patients were grouped as complicated group having obstetric complications and the rest 26 without complications as the control group. Comparative analysis was conducted to access the related risk factors, which may affect the maternal and fetal complications.Results: The major maternal complications in this study were premature labor, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, acute heart failure, postpartum hemorrhage, and severe postpartum infection. Premature birth, fetal growth restriction and stillbirths accounted for 27.3%, 5.0% and 6.7% of prenatal mortality. Twenty six of patients had uncomplicated pregnancies. Patients without complications had higher mean hemoglobin concentration (75.3816.19g/L) and platelet counts (23.92 +/- 14.82x10(9) cells/L) than did women with complications (mean hemoglobin concentration, 61.47 +/- 15.15g/L, p=0.001; mean platelet counts, 12.11 +/- 7.87x10(9) cells/L, p<0.001).Conclusion: Pregnancies associated with AA can carry the risk of multiple maternal and fetal complications. Low hemoglobin concentration and platelet counts may be the primary risk factors for obstetric complications in pregnancies associated with AA.
Acanthosis nigricans: A common finding in overweight youth; We evaluated the prevalence of acanthosis nigricans among urban youth. Youth (7-17 years) at nine pediatric practices completed surveys on demographics and family history of diabetes and had weight and height measured. Acanthosis nigricans was scored and digital photography of the neck performed. A total of 618 youth were included in the analysis: mean age 11.5 years; 51% female; 61% African American, 27% Hispanic, 12% Caucasian, and 32% with body mass index >= 95th percentile. Acanthosis was found in 19%, 23%, and 4% of the African American, Hispanic, and Caucasian youth, respectively, and in 62% of youth with a body mass index >= 98th percentile. Using multiple logistic regression, we found increasing body mass index z-score, presence of maternal gestational diabetes, female gender, and not being Caucasian each were independently associated with acanthosis nigricans. Acanthosis was common among overweight youth and was associated with risk factors for glucose homeostasis abnormalities. Acanthosis nigricans can be a trigger to counsel families on its causes and consequences; and thus motivate them to make healthy lifestyle changes that can decrease the risk of developing cardiovascular disease or diabetes.
Racial disparities in heterotaxy syndrome; BackgroundHeterotaxy syndrome (HTX) is a constellation of defects including abnormal organ lateralization and often including congenital heart defects. HTX has widely divergent population-based estimates of prevalence, racial and ethnic predominance, and mortality in current literature. MethodsThe objective of this study was to use a population-based registry to investigate potential racial and ethnic disparities in HTX. Using the Texas Birth Defects Registry, we described clinical features and mortality of HTX among infants delivered from 1999 to 2006. We calculated birth prevalence and crude prevalence (cPR) ratios for infant sex, maternal diabetes, and sociodemographic factors. ResultsA total of 353 HTX cases were identified from 2,993,604 births (prevalence ratio = 1.18 per 10,000 live births. HTX prevalence was approximately 70% higher among infants of Hispanic and non-Hispanic black mothers and 28% higher among female infants (cPR = 1.28; 95% confidence interval,1.04-1.59). There was a twofold higher female preponderance for infants of mothers who were non-Hispanic white or black. Mothers with diabetes were three times more likely to have a child with HTX compared with nondiabetics (cPR = 3.13; 95% confidence interval, 2.12-4.45). Among nondiabetics, HTX cases were 86% more likely to have a Hispanic mother and 72% a non-Hispanic black mother. First-year mortality for live born children with HTX was 30.9%. ConclusionThis study represents one of the largest population-based studies of HTX to date, with a novel finding of higher rates of HTX among Hispanic infants of mostly Mexican origin, as well as among female infants of only non-Hispanic white and black mothers. These findings warrant further investigation.Birth Defects Research (Part A), 2015. (c) 2015 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. Birth Defects Research (Part A) 103:941-950, 2015. (c) 2015 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF CLINICAL ENDOCRINOLOGISTS, AMERICAN COLLEGE OF ENDOCRINOLOGY, AND ANDROGEN EXCESS AND PCOS SOCIETY DISEASE STATE CLINICAL REVIEW: GUIDE TO THE BEST PRACTICES IN THE EVALUATION AND TREATMENT OF POLYCYSTIC OVARY SYNDROME - <i>PART 2</i>; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is recognized as the most common endocrine disorder of reproductive-aged women around the world. This document, produced by the collaboration of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists and the Androgen Excess Society aims to highlight the most important clinical issues confronting physicians and their patients with PCOS. It is a summary of current best practices in 2014. Insulin resistance is believed to play an intrinsic role in the pathogenesis of PCOS. The mechanism by which insulin resistance or insulin give rise to oligomenorrhea and hyperandrogenemia, however, is unclear. Hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp studies have shown that both obese and lean women with PCOS have some degree of insulin resistance. Insulin resistance is implicated in the ovulatory dysfunction of PCOS by disrupting the hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian axis. Given the association with insulin resistance, all women with PCOS require evaluation for the risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its components, including type 2 diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and the possible risk of clinical events, including acute myocardial infarction and stroke. Obese women with PCOS are at increased risk for MetS with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT; 31 to 35%) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM; 7.5 to 10%). Rates of progression from normal glucose tolerance to IGT, and in turn to T2DM, may be as high as 5 to 15% within 3 years. Data suggest the need for baseline oral glucose tolerance test every 1 to 2 years based on family history of T2DM as well as body mass index (BMI) and yearly in women with IGT. Compared with BMI- and age-matched controls, young, lean PCOS women have lower high-density lipoprotein (HDL) size, higher very-low-density lipoprotein particle number, higher low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particle number, and borderline lower LDL size. Statins have been shown to lower testosterone levels either alone or in combination with oral contraceptives (OCPs) but have not shown improvement in menses, spontaneous ovulation, hirsutism, or acne. Statins reduce total and LDL cholesterol but have no effect on HDL, C-reactive protein, fasting insulin, or homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance in PCOS women, in contrast to the general population. There have been no long-term studies of statins on clinical cardiac outcomes in women with PCOS. Coronary calcification is more prevalent and more severe in PCOS than in controls. In women under 60 years of age undergoing coronary angiography, the presence of polycystic ovaries on sonography has been associated with more arterial segments with >50% stenosis, but the relationship between PCOS and actual cardiovascular events remains unclear. Therapies for PCOS are varied in their effects and targets and include both nonpharmacologic as well as pharmacologic approaches. Weight loss is the primary therapy in PCOS-reduction in weight of as little as 5% can restore regular menses and improve response to ovulation-inducing and fertility medications. Metformin in premenopausal PCOS women has been associated with a reduction in features of MetS. Clamp studies using ethinyl estradiol/drosperinone combination failed to reveal evidence of an increase in either peripheral or hepatic insulin resistance. Subjects with PCOS have a 1.5-times higher baseline risk of venous thromboembolic disease and a 3.7-fold greater effect with OCP use compared with non-PCOS subjects. There is currently no genetic test to screen for or diagnose PCOS, and there is no test to assist in the choice of treatment strategies. Persistent bleeding should always be investigated for pregnancy and/or uterine pathology-including transvaginal ultrasound exam and endometrial biopsy-in women with PCOS. PCOS women can have difficulty conceiving. Those who become pregnant are at risk for gestational diabetes (which should be evaluated and managed appropriately) and the microvascular complications of diabetes. Assessment of a woman with PCOS for infertility involves evaluating for preconceptional issues that may affect response to therapy or lead to adverse pregnancy outcomes and evaluating the couple for other common infertility issues that may affect the choice of therapy, such as a semen analysis. Women with PCOS have multiple factors that may lead to an elevated risk of pregnancy, including a high prevalence of IGT-a clear risk factor for gestational diabetes-and MetS with hypertension, which increases the risk for pre-eclampsia and placental abruption. Women should be screened and treated for hypertension and diabetes prior to attempting conception. Women should be counseled about weight loss prior to attempting conception, although there are limited clinical trial data demonstrating a benefit to this recommendation. Treatment for women with PCOS and anovulatory infertility should begin with an oral agent such as clomiphene citrate or letrozole, an aromatase inhibitor.
Abdominal fat and insulin resistance in normal and overweight women - Direct measurements reveal a strong relationship in subjects at both low and high risk of NIDDM; Insulin resistance appears to be central to obesity, NIDDM, hyperlipidemia, and cardiovascular disease. While obese women with abdominal (android) fat distribution are more insulin resistant than those with peripheral (gynecoid) obesity, in nonobese women, the relationship between abdominal fat and insulin resistance is unknown. By measuring regional adiposity with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and insulin sensitivity by euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp in 22 healthy women, with a mean +/- SE body BMI of 26.7 +/- 0.9 kg/m(2) and differing risk factors for NIDDM, we found a strong negative relationship between central abdominal (intra-abdominal plus abdominal subcutaneous) fat and whole-body insulin sensitivity (r = -0.89, P < 0.0001) and nonoxidative glucose disposal (r = -0.77, P < 0.001), independent of total adiposity, family history of NIDDM, and past gestational diabetes. There was a large variation in insulin sensitivity, with a similar variation in central fat, even in those whose BMI was <25 kg/m(2). Abdominal fat had a significantly stronger relationship with insulin sensitivity than peripheral nonabdominal fat (r(2) = 0.79 vs. 0.44), and higher levels were associated with increased fasting nonesterified fatty acids, lipid oxidation, and hepatic glucose output. Because 79% of the variance in insulin sensitivity in this heterogeneous population was accounted for by central fat, abdominal adiposity appears to be a strong marker and may be a major determinant of insulin resistance in women.
Carbohydrate metabolism - Evaluation in women with de Novo hypertension in late pregnancy; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate carbohydrate metabolism in both diabetic and nondiabetic women with de novo hypertension in late pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: Sixty-nine nondiabetic pregnant women were studied: 33 with gestational hypertension, 15 with preeclampsia and 21 normotensives in the control group. Eight women with gestational diabetes and hypertension were evaluated separately. Glucose and insulin serum levels were evaluated in the fasting state and during an oral glucose load. Glucose-independent parameters were used to evaluate insulin response, insulin activity and glucose tolerance in fasting and postglucose ingestion states. Student's t test was used. RESULTS: Fasting glycemia was lower in both groups with de novo hypertension in late pregnancy than in the control group. Glycemia alas higher throughout the oral glucose load in gestational hypertension than in preeclampsia. Insulinemia during the oral glucose load was higher in gestational hypertension than in both the control and preeclampsia groups. Fasting corrected insulin response and glucose tolerance were higher in gestational hypertension and preeclampsia than in the control group. In the postglucose ingestion state, insulin activity and glucose tolerance was lower in gestational hypertension than in preeclampsia. Women with gestational diabetes and hypertension were very insulin resistant. CONCLUSION Glucose tolerance was not only decreased but also increased in the fasting state in de novo hypertension in late pregnancy due to a high insulin response. In the postglucose ingestion state, the gestational hypertension trend teas toward insulin resistance even though normal insulin activity occurs in preeclampsia. Gestational diabetes associated with gestational hypertension was characterized by high insulin resistance.
Impact of Maternal Health Behaviours and Social Conditions on Infant Diet at Age 1-Year: Results from a Prospective Indigenous Birth Cohort in Ontario, Canada; Background: Understanding the impact of maternal health behaviours and social conditions on childhood nutrition is important to inform strategies to promote health during childhood. Objective: To describe how maternal health sociodemographic factors (e.g., socioeconomic status, education), health behaviours (e.g., diet), and traditional health care use during pregnancy impact infant diet at age 1-year. Methods: Data were collected from the Indigenous Birth Cohort (ABC) study, a prospective birth cohort formed in partnership with an Indigenous community-based Birthing Centre in southwestern Ontario, Canada. 110 mother-infant dyads are included in the study and were enrolled between 2012 and 2017. Multiple linear regression analyses were performed to understand factors associated with infant diet scores at age 1-year, with a higher score indicating a diet with more healthy foods. Results: The mean age of women enrolled during pregnancy was 27.3 (5.9) years. Eighty percent of mothers had low or moderate social disadvantage, 47.3% completed more than high school education, and 70% were cared for by a midwife during their pregnancy. The pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) was <25 in 34.5% of women, 15.5% of mothers smoked during pregnancy, and 14.5% of mothers had gestational diabetes. Being cared for by an Indigenous midwife was associated with a 0.9-point higher infant diet score (p = 0.001) at age 1-year, and lower maternal social disadvantage was associated with a 0.17-point higher infant diet quality score (p = 0.04). Conclusion: This study highlights the positive impact of health care provision by Indigenous midwives and confirms that higher maternal social advantage has a positive impact on child nutrition.
Metformin for diabetes prevention: insights gained from the Diabetes Prevention Program/Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study; The largest and longest clinical trial of metformin for the prevention of diabetes is the Diabetes Prevention Program/Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study (DPP/DPPOS). In this review, we summarise data from the DPP/DPPOS, focusing on metformin for diabetes prevention, as well as its long-term glycaemic and cardiometabolic effects and safety in people at high-risk of developing diabetes. The DPP (1996-2001) was a RCT of 3234 adults who, at baseline, were at high-risk of developing diabetes. Participants were assigned to masked placebo (n = 1082) or metformin (n = 1073) 850 mg twice daily, or intensive lifestyle intervention (n = 1079). The masked metformin/placebo intervention phase ended approximately 1 year ahead of schedule because of demonstrated efficacy. Primary outcome was reported at 2.8 years. At the end of the DPP, all participants were offered lifestyle education and 88% (n = 2776) of the surviving DPP cohort continued follow-up in the DPPOS. Participants originally assigned to metformin continued to receive metformin, unmasked. The DPP/DPPOS cohort has now been followed for over 15 years with prospective assessment of glycaemic, cardiometabolic, health economic and safety outcomes. After an average follow-up of 2.8 years, metformin reduced the incidence of diabetes by 31% compared with placebo, with a greater effect in those who were more obese, had a higher fasting glucose or a history of gestational diabetes. The DPPOS addressed the longer-term effects of metformin, showing a risk reduction of 18% over 10 and 15 years post-randomisation. Metformin treatment for diabetes prevention was estimated to be cost-saving. At 15 years, lack of progression to diabetes was associated with a 28% lower risk of microvascular complications across treatment arms, a reduction that was no different among treatment groups. Recent findings suggest metformin may reduce atherosclerosis development in men. Originally used for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, metformin, now proven to prevent or delay diabetes, may serve as an important tool in battling the growing diabetes epidemic. Longterm follow-up, currently underway in the DPP/DPPOS, is now evaluating metformin's potential role, when started early in the spectrum of dysglycaemia, on later-stage comorbidities, including cardiovascular disease and cancer.
Early Life Nutrition and Non Communicable Disease; The origin of some non communicable disease (NCDs) is in early life. Evidence has shown that early life nutrition is associated with the risk of developing chronic non communicable diseases. Pregnancy and infancy are the most critical stages that influence the risks of NCDs in childhood and adult life. Prenatal maternal undernutrition and low birth weight lead to obesity and increase the risk factors of cardiovascular disease and diabetes later in life. Nutrition is one of the easily modifiable environmental factors that may affect outcome of pregnancy, trajectory of growth, and immune system of the fetus and infant. Healthy eating behaviors associate with prevention of weight disorders in pediatric, non communicable diseases, and deficiencies of micronutrient.
Pre-kidney Donation Pregnancy Complications and Long-term Outcomes; Background. Hypertension and diabetes are contraindications for living kidney donation in young candidates. However, little is known about the long-term outcomes of women who had these pregnancy-related complications and subsequently became donors. In the general population, gestational hypertension (GHtn), preeclampsia/eclampsia, and gestational diabetes (GDM) are associated with long-term risks. Methods. Donors with the specified predonation complication were matched to contemporary control donors with pregnancies without the complication using nearest neighbor propensity score matching. Propensity scores were estimated using logistic regression with covariates for gravidity, blood pressure, glucose, body mass index, age, and creatinine at donation, donation year, race, relationship with recipient, and family history of disease. Long-term incidence of hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and reduced renal function (estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR] <30, eGFR <45 mL/min/1.73 m(2)) were compared between groups using proportional hazards models. Results. Of 1862 donors with predonation pregnancies, 48 had preeclampsia/eclampsia, 49 had GHtn without preeclampsia, and 43 had GDM. Donors had a long interval between first pregnancy and donation (median, 18.5 y; interquartile range, 10.6-27.5) and a long postdonation follow-up time (median, 18.0; interquartile range, 9.2-27.7 y). GHtn was associated with the development of hypertension (hazard ratio, 1.89; 95% confidence interval, 1.26-2.83); GDM was associated with diabetes (hazard ratio, 3.04; 95% confidence interval, 1.33-6.99). Pregnancy complications were not associated with eGFR Conclusions. Our data suggest that women with predonation pregnancy-related complications have long-term risks even with a normal donor evaluation. Donor candidates with a history of pregnancy-related complications should be counseled about these risks.
Medical record review to recover missing data in a Portuguese birth cohort: agreement with self-reported data collected by questionnaire and inter-rater variability; Objectives: To assess the yield of medical record review to recover missing data originally collected by questionnaire, to analyze the agreement between these two data sources and to determine interobserver variability in clinical record review. Methods: We analyzed data from a birth cohort of 8,127 women who were consecutively recruited after giving birth from 2005-2006. Recruitment was conducted at all public maternity units of Porto, Portugal. We reviewed the medical records of 3,657 women with missing data in the baseline questionnaire and assessed agreement between these two sources by using information from participants with data from both sources. Interobserver variability was assessed by using 400 randomly selected clinical records. Results: Data on pregnancy complications and maternal anthropometric parameters were successfully recovered. Agreement between the questionnaire and records in family history data was fair, particularly for cardiovascular disease [k = 0.27; 95% confidence interval (95%CI): 0.23-0.32]. The highest agreement was observed for personal history of diabetes (k = 0.82; 95%CI 0.70-0.93), while agreement for hypertension was moderate (k = 0.60; 95%CI 0.50-0.69). Discrepancies in prepregnancy body mass index classes were observed in 10.3% women. Data were highly consistent between the two reviewers, with the highest agreement found for gestational diabetes (k = 1.00) and birth weight (99.5% concordance). Conclusion: Data from the medical records and questionnaire were concordant with regard to pregnancy and well-known risk factors. The low interobserver variability did not threaten the precision of our data. (C) 2010 SESPAS. Published by Elsevier Espana, S.L. All rights reserved.
The Association of Lactation Duration with Visceral and Pericardial Fat Volumes in Parous Women: The CARDIA Study; Background: Lactation is associated with lower risks for cardiovascular disease in women. Organ-related adiposity, which plays significant roles in the development of cardiometabolic diseases, could help explain this observation. We evaluated the association of lactation duration with visceral (VAT) and pericardial (PAT) fat volumes in women. Methods: Data were obtained from 910 women enrolled in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study (1985-1986) without diabetes prior to pregnancy who had =1 birth during 25 years of follow-up and had VAT and PAT measured from computed tomographic scans in 2010-2011. Cumulative lactation duration across all births since baseline was calculated from self-reports collected at periodic exams. Results: At baseline, the average age of women (48% black, 52% white) was 24 +/- 3.7 years. After controlling for baseline age, race, smoking status, body mass index, fasting glucose, family history of diabetes, fat intake, total cholesterol, physical activity, and follow-up covariates (parity, gestational diabetes), the mean fat volumes across categories of lactation [none (n = 221), 1-5 months (n = 306), 6-11 months (n = 210), and >= 12 months (n = 173)] were 122.0, 113.7 105.0, and 110.1 cm(3) for VAT and 52.2, 46.7, 44.5, and 43.4 cm(3) for PAT, respectively. Changes in body weight from the first post-baseline birth to the end of follow-up mediated 21% and 18% of the associations of lactation with VAT and PAT, respectively. Conclusions: In this prospective study, longer cumulative lactation duration was associated with lower VAT and PAT volumes, with weight gain partially mediating these associations.
Factors Associated With Influenza Vaccination During Pregnancy: A Real-World Evidence-Based Study; Pregnant women are at increased risk of influenza-related complications. However, the rate of influenza vaccination among pregnant women in Taiwan is low. By analyzing real-world data in this study, we investigated the factors associated with influenza vaccination during pregnancy in Taiwan. This study was a cross-sectional study. We collected real-world data from 2 databases in Taiwan: the Birth Certificate Database and the National Health Insurance Research Database. The study population was pregnant between October 2014 and December 2016 in Taiwan. The multivariate logistic regression was performed to identify factors associated with influenza vaccination, including maternal sociodemographics, trimester, comorbidities, and health-care utilization. The vaccination rate of among pregnant women was 8.2%. Factors significantly associated with a high likelihood of influenza vaccination were age between 30 and 34 years (odds ratio [OR]: 1.14; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.10-1.19), second trimester (OR: 1.80; 95% CI: 1.75-1.85), income equal to or exceeding NT$ 38 201 (OR: 1.92; 95% CI: 1.86-1.99), hypertension (OR: 1.16; 95% CI: 1.05-1.29), cardiovascular disease (OR: 1.29; 95% CI: 1.17-1.42), autoimmune disease (OR: 1.47; 95% CI: 1.38-1.58), and chronic pulmonary disease (OR: 1.24; 95% CI: 1.18-1.31). A low level of urbanization, at least 1 hospitalization in the previous year, and the presence of pregnancy complications (eg, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and placenta previa) were associated with a lower likelihood rate of influenza vaccination. The influenza vaccination rate among pregnant women in Taiwan was low. Age, gestational age, income level, urbanization level, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, autoimmune disease, chronic pulmonary disease, and pregnancy complications may be associated with influenza vaccination among pregnant women.
Clinico-pathological conference (CPC): adrenal insufficiency due to chronic granulomatous infiltration with caseous necrosis; We present the case of a 39-year-old woman who came to Hospital Universitario San Vicente de Paul (HUSVP), in Medellin, Colombia, on July 29, 2010, around the 28th week of her first pregnancy, because of upper abdominal pain during the last 20 days. She had suffered from an ostium secundum atrial sept deffect that was surgically corrected on July 20, 2009. A mild prolapse of the mitral valve was also present. On admission, she was found to have uterine activity for which she had been treated with different drugs, during 13 days, at another institution; medication to induce fetal lung maturation had also been administered. During her hospital stay diagnoses of gestational diabetes and non-immune fetal hydrops were made. At HUSVP she continued to have uterine irritability and abdominal pain, and developed tachycardia and tachypnea. On the third day of stay in the ICU she had a difficult vaginal delivery requiring the use of forceps. After childbirth, she experienced pain in the back and hemodynamic collapse. Despite vasopressor treatment with norepinephrine and vasopressin, she remained acidotic, hypotensive and bracycardic, and died.
Associations between hypertension with reproductive and menopausal factors: An integrated women's health programme (IWHP) study; Background Women are less likely to have classic cardiovascular risk factors than men, and events during their reproductive and menopausal years may increase hypertension risk. The aim of this study is to examine woman-specific factors, including menstrual, reproductive and pregnancy complications, in relation to the prevalence of hypertension in mid-life Asian women.Methods This is a cross-sectional study of 1146 healthy women aged 45-69 years, from a multi-ethnic Asian cohort. The women completed an extensive questionnaire that included their sociodemographic details, medical history, lifestyle and physical activity, and reproductive and menopausal history. They also underwent objectively measured physical performance tests and a dual X-ray absorptiometry scan. Hypertension was defined as a systolic BP >= 140 and/or diastolic BP >= 90mm Hg, past diagnosis by a physician, or use of antihypertensive medications. Multivariable logistic regression was used to assess the independent risk factors for hypertension.Results The average age of the 1146 women analysed was 56.3 (SD 6.2) years, and 55.2 percent of them were hypertensive. The prevalence of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension was 12.6% and 9.4%, respectively. Besides age, abnormal menstrual cycle length at 25 years of age (OR:2.35, CI:1.34-4.13), preeclampsia (OR:2.46, CI:1.06-5.74), increased visceral adiposity (OR:4.21, CI:2.28-7.79) and reduced physical performance (OR:2.83, CI:1.46-5.47) were independently associated with hypertension in Asian women.Conclusions Our findings highlight the necessity of including features of menstrual and reproductive history as possible indicators of hypertension risk in cardiovascular disease risk assessment and prevention among Asian women. Reducing visceral adiposity and exercise to improve physical performance may help women avoid developing hypertension.
Developmental origins of noncommunicable disease: population and public health implications; Noncommunicable diseases (NCDs), including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, chronic lung disease, allergy, some forms of cancer, cognitive decline, osteoporosis, sarcopenia, and affective disorders, are the world's biggest killers. Eighty percent of these deaths occur in low-and middle-income countries, especially as these countries undergo socioeconomic improvement after reductions in infectious disease. The World Health Organization predicts a global increase of 17% in NCDs over the next decade. NCDs are preventable, but new initiatives are needed to institute such prevention, especially in early life. In this article, we emphasize that all children are affected by their early developmental conditions, not just children exposed to a very deficient environment, and that this has long-term consequences for their predisposition to NCDs. We highlight the biomedical implications of this developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) concept of NCDs and discuss the implications for health policy. Am J Clin Nutr 2011;94(suppl):1754S-8S.
COVID-19 vaccination in pregnant and lactating diabetic women; Aim: To discuss available information on the opportunity for pregnant women affected by diabetes/obesity to receive COVID-19 vaccine. Data synthesis: Pregnant women with SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) infection are at high risk for severe acute respiratory syndrome and adverse outcomes. Pregnant women with severe COVID19 present increased rates of preterm delivery (<37 gestational weeks), cesarean delivery and neonatal admissions to the intensive care unit. Comorbidity such as diabetes (pregestational or gestational) or obesity further increased maternal and fetal complications. It is known that diabetic or obese patients with COVID-19 present an unfavorable course and a worse prognosis, with a direct association between worse outcome and suboptimal glycol-metabolic control or body mass index (BMI) levels. Critical COVID-19 infection prevention is important for both mother and fetus. Vaccination during pregnancy is a common practice. Vaccines against COVID-19 are distributed across the world with some population considered to have a priority. Since pregnant women are excluded from clinical trials very little information are available on safety and efficacy of COVD-19 vaccines during pregnancy. However, it is well known the concept of passive immunization of the newborn obtained with transplacental passage of protective antibodies into the fetal/neonatal circulation after maternal infection or vaccination. Moreover, it has been reported that COVID-19 vaccine-induced IgG pass to the neonates through breastmilk. Therefore, maternal vaccination can protect mother, fetus and baby. Conclusions: After an individual risk/benefit evaluation pregnant and lactating women should be counselled to receive COVID-19 vaccines. (c) 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The maternal health clinic: an initiative for cardiovascular risk identification in women with pregnancy-related complications; OBJECTIVE: Women who develop certain common pregnancy complications have a greater chance of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. However, most health care providers do not provide postpartum cardiovascular risk counselling or follow-up. The Maternal Health Clinic was established to address this gap in care. It targets women at increased risk of CVD to inspire lifestyle changes, encourage long-term follow-up, and initiate primary prevention. Here, we summarize results from the first 17 months of completed clinic visits. STUDY DESIGN: Patients experiencing at least one relevant complication in their index pregnancy were referred to the Maternal Health Clinic through standard postpartum order sheets. Patients underwent a complete assessment including screening history, physical examination, fasting bloodwork, and urinalysis. Lifetime and 30-year CVD risk estimates, along with a metabolic syndrome calculation, were determined for each patient. RESULTS: Complications most commonly leading to referral were gestational diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance (32.7%), preeclampsia (29.3%), preterm birth ( 29.3%), and gestational hypertension (19.6%). The clinic analysis group (n = 92) was compared with a healthy control group from the PreEclampsia New Emerging Team study ( n 118). Patients in the clinic analysis group had significantly increased lifetime and 30-year CVD risk estimates compared with healthy controls ( P < .0001). Furthermore, 17.4% of the clinic analysis group had metabolic syndrome, compared with 6.78% of healthy controls (P <. 05). CONCLUSION: This study demonstrates that the Maternal Health Clinic accurately identifies postpartum patients that have underlying cardiovascular risks which make them susceptible to CVD. The clinic may serve as an effective primary prevention strategy.
Microsurgical Salvage of Neonatal Upper Limb Ischaemia Following Intrauterine Brachial Vessel Constriction; Neonatal limb ischaemia is a rare disease entity with devastating morbidity, including compartment syndrome, tissue loss, limb loss, reduced limb growth, irreparable neuropathies and Volkmann's syndrome. We report a case of limb revascularisation and salvage due to intrauterine brachial artery thrombosis. Published literature is limited to case reports and case series, with various treatment modalities discussed. Early recognition, prompt institution of appropriate treatment and monitoring is vital to achieve successful revascularisation and prevention of life-long morbidity. A male baby at (36+6week) gestation was born to a nulliparous mother with gestational diabetes via uncomplicated elective caesarean section. Aetiology was due to dense fibrotic circumferential constriction of the brachial vessels and plexus. Successful revascularization was achieved with a contralateral interposition reversed great saphenous vein graft. Though extremely rare and the clinical presentation varies with the location and timing after birth, the surgeon should maintain a low threshold for suspicion of in the presence of the characteristic sequelae of ischaemia. Doppler ultrasonography can aid the diagnosis where ambiguous, and therapy should be individualised based on the clinical presentation; this case emphasises the role of surgery in limb salvage.
Association of Hematological Parameters with Insulin Resistance and β-Cell Dysfunction in Nondiabetic Subjects; Objective: Previous studies reported independent associations of hematological parameters with risk of incident type 2 diabetes, although limited data are available on associations of these parameters with insulin resistance (IR) and (especially) pancreatic beta-cell dysfunction in large epidemiological studies. Our objective was to evaluate the associations of hematological parameters, including hematocrit (HCT), hemoglobin (Hgb), red blood cell count (RBC), and white blood cell count with IR and beta-cell dysfunction in a cohort of nondiabetic subjects at high metabolic risk. Methods: Nondiabetic subjects (n = 712) were recruited in Toronto and London, Ontario, Canada, between 2004 and 2006, based on the presence of one or more risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus including obesity, hypertension, a family history of diabetes, and/or a history of gestational diabetes. Fasting blood samples were collected and oral glucose tolerance tests administered, with additional samples for glucose and insulin drawn at 30 and 120 min. Measures of IR included the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) and Matsuda's insulin sensitivity index, whereas measures of beta-cell dysfunction included the insulinogenic index divided by HOMA-IR as well as the insulin secretion-sensitivity index-2. Associations of hematological parameters with IR and beta-cell dysfunction were assessed using multiple linear regression and analysis of covariance with adjustments for age, gender, ethnicity, smoking, cardiovascular disease, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and waist circumference. Results: HOMA-IR increased across quartiles of HCT, Hgb, RBC, and white blood cell count after adjustment for age, gender, ethnicity, and smoking (all P (trend) <0.0001). Similarly, there was a strong stepwise decrease in the Matsuda's insulin sensitivity index across increasing quartiles of these hematological measures (all P (trend) <0.0001). The associations remained significant after further adjustment for previous cardiovascular disease, blood pressure, and waist circumference (all P (trend) <0.0001). Similarly, there was a strong pattern of decreasing beta-cell function across increasing quartiles of all hematological patterns (all P (trend) <0.0001). The findings for HCT, Hgb, and RBC were attenuated slightly after full multivariate adjustment, although the trend across quartiles remained highly significant. Conclusion: These findings suggest that standard, clinically relevant hematological variables may be related to the underlying pathophysiological changes associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 94: 3824-3832, 2009)
Associations of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet with pregnancy complications in Project Viva; Background/objectives The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet has been shown to improve cardiometabolic outcomes in non-pregnant populations. Little is known regarding the impact of this diet on health during pregnancy. The objective of this research is to examine associations of adherence to the DASH diet with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and other pregnancy outcomes. Subjects/methods We conducted analyses with data that came from 1760 women in Project Viva, a Boston-area longitudinal cohort recruited in early pregnancy 1999-2002. We derived a DASH score using data from a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) administered at median 11.1 weeks gestation. Next, we used multivariable linear regression models that accounted for the woman's age at enrollment, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), education, smoking habits, race/ ethnicity, gestational weight gain (GWG) up until the time of the FFQ, and total energy intake to examine associations of the DASH score with HDP, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery (<37 weeks), birth size, and GWG from FFQ to delivery. Models for HDP and GDM were additionally mutually adjusted for each other. Because pre-pregnancy weight status may modify these relationships, we tested for interactions between pre-pregnancy BMI and the DASH score. Results Mean +/- SD age of the women was 32.2 +/- 4.9 years; 71.9% were white. Overall, the DASH diet score (mean: 24.0, SD: 5.0) was not associated with any of the pregnancy outcomes or complications. However, we found a positive association between the DASH diet and subsequent GWG among women who were obese before pregnancy (0.19 [95% CI: 0.05, 0.34], P <= 0.05 kg higher GWG per 1 unit DASH score). Conclusions Adherence to DASH diet during early pregnancy does not appear to be protective against HDP or other adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Surgical menopause versus natural menopause and cardio-metabolic disturbances: A 12-year population-based cohort study; Purpose Menopausal status exposes women to increased risk of cardiovascular disease. This study was performed to compare the effect of menopausal types, including surgical and natural, on metabolic syndrome and other metabolic disorders 3 years before and after menopause. Methods Of 437 postmenopausal women, who participated in the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study, 13 women with surgical menopause and 39 age-matched controls with natural menopause were selected. During the follow-up period, changes in metabolic and biochemical profiles were compared between surgical and natural menopause women. Results Odds of incidence of metabolic syndrome in surgical menopause women, compared to natural menopause women, was 9.7 (95 % CI 1.8-51.8). Conclusions Metabolic disturbances after menopause are highly influenced by type of menopause and are more prevalent in those undergoing surgical menopause.
Epigenetic Epidemiology: The Rebirth of Soft Inheritance; Non-communicable diseases (NCDs), such as cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes, constitute the main cause of death worldwide. Eighty percent of these deaths occur in low-and middle-income countries, especially as these countries undergo socio-economic improvement following reductions in the burden of infectious disease. The World Health Organization predicts a substantial increase in the incidence of NCDs over the next decade globally. NCDs are generally preventable, but current approaches are clearly inadequate. New initiatives are needed to implement such prevention, and there needs to be greater recognition that early-life interventions are likely to be the most efficacious. Devising appropriate prevention strategies necessitates an understanding of how the developmental environment influences risk. Progress in this field has been slow due to an excessive emphasis on fixed genomic variations (hard inheritance) as the major determinants of disease susceptibility. However, new evidence demonstrates the much greater importance of early-life developmental factors, involving epigenetic processes and 'soft' inheritance in modulating an individual's vulnerability to NCD. This also offers opportunities for novel epigenetic biomarkers of risk or interventions targeting epigenetic pathways to be devised for use in early life. This may pave the way to much more effective, customised interventions to promote health across the life course. Copyright (C) 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel
History of infertility and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study; We sought to evaluate the relationship between delayed conception and type 2 diabetes risk, given that there are plausible underlying mechanisms linking the two, including inflammation and insulin resistance. Participants of the Nurses' Health Study II prospective cohort were included if they were free of chronic disease (cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, cancer) at baseline. Biennial questionnaires updated information on infertility status (> 12 months attempted pregnancy), lifestyle characteristics and several health-related outcomes. Self-reported cases of diabetes were confirmed using a follow-up questionnaire. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models were used to compute the HRs and 95% CIs. Incident type 2 diabetes occurred in 5,993 of the 112,106 participants over 24 years of follow-up (1989-2013). A history of infertility was reported in 27,774 (24.8%) women and was associated with a 20% greater risk of developing diabetes, compared with those never reporting infertility (HR 1.20 [95% CI 1.14, 1.28]), after adjusting for age, lifestyle factors, marital status, oral contraceptive use, family history of diabetes and BMI. Compared with women without a history of infertility, the causes of infertility associated with a higher diabetes risk were ovulation disorders (HR 1.43 [95% CI 1.29, 1.58]) and tubal factor (HR 1.34 [95% CI 1.13, 1.58]). Cervical factor (HR 1.06 [95% CI 0.81, 1.40]) and endometriosis (HR 1.06 [95% CI 0.89, 1.27]) were not associated, while male factor infertility was associated with a modestly higher diabetes risk (HR 1.15 [95% CI 1.00, 1.33]). These novel findings suggest a history of infertility, particularly that related to ovulation disorders and tubal blockage, is significantly associated with a higher risk of type 2 diabetes.
Randomized Trial to Reduce Cardiovascular Risk in Women with Recent Preeclampsia; Background: To reduce cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, we tested an online intervention to improve healthy lifestyle for women with recent preeclampsia. Methods: We conducted a randomized controlled 9-month clinical trial, Heart Health 4 Moms (HH4M), among 151 U.S. women with preeclampsia within 5 years. Sample size was planned to detect differences of 0.5 standard deviation units in primary outcomes between study arms. Preeclampsia history was validated by medical records; women with chronic hypertension were excluded. The intervention included online educational modules, a community forum, and communication with a lifestyle coach. The control group received internet links to CVD risk reduction information. Primary outcomes were self-efficacy to eat a healthy diet and increase physical activity; change in physical in/activity; adherence to the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet; and knowledge of and personal control over CVD risk. Secondary outcomes were weight and blood pressure. Results: In the intervention arm, 84% of participants accessed at least one online educational module; 89% completed at least three scheduled calls with the coach. At 9 months, intervention participants reported significantly greater knowledge of CVD risk factors (corrected p = 0.01), increased self-efficacy for healthy eating (p = 0.03), and less physical inactivity than controls (p = 0.0006). The groups did not differ in sense of personal control of CVD risk factors, adherence to the DASH diet, self-efficacy for physical activity, or reported physical activity. There were no differences in secondary outcomes between groups. Conclusions: The HH4M program improved CVD risk knowledge, self-efficacy to achieve a healthy diet, and reduced physical inactivity among women with recent preeclampsia.
Anti-Inflammatory Activity of Marine Ovothiol A in an <i>In Vitro</i> Model of Endothelial Dysfunction Induced by Hyperglycemia; Chronic hyperglycemia is associated with oxidative stress and vascular inflammation, both leading to endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease that can be weakened by antioxidant/anti-inflammatory molecules in both healthy and diabetic subjects. Among natural molecules, ovothiol A, produced in sea urchin eggs to protect eggs/embryos from the oxidative burst at fertilization and during development, has been receiving increasing interest for its use as an antioxidant. Here, we evaluated the potential antioxidative/anti-inflammatory effect of purified ovothiol A in an in vitro cellular model of hyperglycemiainduced endothelial dysfunction employing human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) from women affected by gestational diabetes (GD) and from healthy mothers. Ovothiol A was rapidly taken up by both cellular systems, resulting in increased glutathione values in GD-HUVECs, likely due to the formation of reduced ovothiol A. In tumor necrosis factor-astimulated cells, ovothiol A induced a downregulation of adhesion molecule expression and decrease in monocyte-HUVEC interaction. This was associated with a reduction in reactive oxygen and nitrogen species and an increase in nitric oxide bioavailability. These results point to the potential antiatherogenic properties of the natural antioxidant ovothiol A and support its therapeutic potential in pathologies related to cardiovascular diseases associated with oxidative/inflammatory stress and endothelial dysfunction.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term risk of maternal renal disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis protocol; Introduction Adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes (GDM) and preterm birth have been linked to maternal cardiovascular disease in later life. Pre-eclampsia (PE) is associated with an increased risk of postpartum microalbuminuria, but there is no clear consensus on whether HDP increases the risk of maternal chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). Similarly, it is uncertain whether GDM, preterm birth and delivery of low birth-weight infants independently predict the risk of maternal renal disease in later life. The aims of this proposed systematic review and meta-analysis are to summarise the available evidence examining the association between adverse outcomes of pregnancy (HDP, GDM, preterm birth, delivery of low birth-weight infant) and later maternal renal disease and to synthesise the results of relevant studies. Methods and analysis A systematic search of PubMed, EMBASE and Web of Science will be undertaken using a detailed prespecified search strategy. Two authors will independently review the titles and abstracts of all studies, perform data extraction and appraise the quality of included studies using a bias classification tool. Original case-control and cohort studies published in English will be considered for inclusion. Primary outcomes of interest will be CKD and ESKD; secondary outcomes will be hospitalisation for renal disease and deaths from renal disease. Meta-analyses will be performed to calculate the overall pooled estimates using the generic inverse variance method. The systematic review will follow the Meta-analyses Of Observational Studies in Epidemiology guidelines. Ethics and dissemination This systematic review and meta-analysis will be based on published data, and thus there is no requirement for ethics approval. The results will be shared through publication in a peer reviewed journal and through presentations at academic conferences.
Diabetes-induced perturbations are subject to intergenerational transmission through maternal line; The hypothesis of fetal origins of adult disease states that early life events program the occurrence of significant adult diseases, including diabetes and obesity. Maternal diabetes is associated with general stress environment for developing fetus, and gestational diabetes is an independent risk factor for type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome in offspring. Intra-uterine fetal programming of fetal tissues exposes the offspring to increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Here, we examined the transmission of maternal diabetes-induced fetal programming in second generation and compared maternal and paternal routes of intergenerational effects. We organized 40 Wistar rats into three groups, male offspring of diabetic mothers, female offspring of diabetic mothers, and offspring of control mothers. These groups were mated with normal healthy rats to assess the effect of grand-maternal diabetes on pregnancy outcome in F2 rats, as well as glucose-sensing parameters, insulin resistance, and glucose tolerance prenatally and postnatally. We found that F2 offspring of diabetic mothers had impaired glucose sensing, increased oxidative stress, insulin resistance, and impaired glucose tolerance, and these effects were more prominent in the F2 offspring of F1 female rats (F2-DF1F). We deduce that fetal programming of maternal diabetes is mostly transmitted through maternal line across two generations.
Metabolic syndrome and polycystic ovary syndrome; The consequences of PCOS are the subject of constant research, yet a number of scientific reports underline the fact that in women with PCOS, there appear higher risk of glucose intolerance and diabetes type 2, hypertension, dislipidemia and atherosclerosis. The effects of PCOS reach beyond women's reproductive axis. Metabolic syndrome occurs in 43-46% of patients with PCOS, which constitutes two times more than in women population. Insuline resistance and hyperinsulinemia are key disorders in both syndromes. Obesity, gestational diabetes, positive family history of diabetes type 2 and metabolic syndrome constitute a risk factor for metabolic disorder development in patients with PCOS. Farmacological treatment of PCO syndrome depends on dominating symptoms and patient's current needs taking into account her reproductive status. For a long time, medicines which reduce insuline resistance have been used to treat PCOS, in ovulation stimulation as well as in improvement of metabolic disorders. Insuline sensitivity improvement via reduction of body weight (diet, physical exercises) and choosing active lifestyle appears to be a standard.
A Case Series on Critically Ill Pregnant or Newly Delivered Patients with Covid-19, Treated at Karolinska University Hospital, Stockholm; In this retrospective report, we present five cases of critically ill pregnant or newly delivered women positive for Covid-19 admitted to our obstetrical departments at Karolinska University Hospital. They compose 6% of eighty-three pregnant women that tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 during the period March 25 to May 4, 2020. Three patients were at the time of admission in gestational week between 21+4 and 22+5 and treated during their antenatal period; meanwhile, the other two were admitted within 1 week postpartum. All of them were in need of intensive care: one was treated with high flow oxygen therapy, the other four with invasive mechanical ventilation (three with endotracheal intubation and one with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation). Age above thirty, overweight, and gestational diabetes are notable factors in the cases presented. At the time of admission, they all presented with symptoms such as fever, cough, and dyspnea. Chest imaging with computer tomography scan was performed in each case and demonstrated multifocal pneumonic infiltrates in all of them, but no pulmonary embolism was confirmed in any. Neither did the echocardiogram indicate any cardiomyopathy. Four of the patients have been discharged from the hospital, with an average of 20 hospital days. One antenatal pregnant woman needed prolonged ECMO therapy; in gestational week 27+3, she went into cardiac arrest, resulting in an urgent C-section on maternal indication. At the time of writing, she is still hospitalized. In coherence with other published reports, our cases indicate that critically ill pregnant women infected by SARS-Cov-2 may develop severe respiratory distress syndrome requiring prolonged intensive care. The material is limited for conclusions to be made; more detailed information on symptoms, treatment, and outcomes for pregnant and postpartum women managed in intensive care is therefore needed.
Pregnancy in Kidney Transplant Recipients: Effects on Mother and Newborn; Introduction. Pregnancy is currently considered yet another benefit of kidney transplantation, though doubts still exist concerning the effects of transplantation on the mother and the fetus. Materials and methods. We undertook a retrospective study analyzing 24 pregnancies in 20 kidney transplant recipients between 1986 and 2010. Evaluation was made of different variables related to renal function, both during the pregnancy and afterward, as well as other factors related to the birth and the status of the newborn. Results. The mean age of the kidney transplant recipients was 29 5 years, and the mean time since transplantation was 4.5 years (range = 0.8-12). At the time of pregnancy, the glomerular filtration rate was 59 +/- 15 mL/min. Twelve recipients had well-controlled hypertension; none had proteinuria. Renal function and proteinuria remained stable during the pregnancy. There was a significant increase in blood pressure at the end of the pregnancy. It was necessary to raise the dose of calcineurin inhibitor to maintain target levels. No acute rejection episode was observed. One patient had gestational diabetes and two showed preeclampsia. Pregnancy reached term in 20 cases; there were four miscarriages. Delivery was at 36.9 weeks (range = 34-41) and the newborn weight, 2.7 kg (range = 1.5-3.6). One patient had a miscarriage at week 22 and succumbed due to a cardiac arrest during induction of the delivery. Eighteen babies were born healthy; two died. Conclusions. Pregnancy in kidney transplant recipients is safe if the renal function is adequate before the pregnancy without proteinuria but with a well-controlled blood pressure. In these cases, the maternal complications were similar to those among general population; we detected no increased risk of graft loss.
Rural/urban disparities in the trends and outcomes of peripartum cardiomyopathy in delivery hospitalizations; Background: Rural -urban disparities in peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) are not well known. We examined rural -urban differences in maternal, fetal, and cardiovascular outcomes in PPCM during delivery hospitalizations. Methods: We used 2003-2020 data from the National Inpatient Sample for delivery hospitalizations in individuals with PPCM. The 9th and 10th editions of the International Classification of Diseases were used to identify PPCM and cardiovascular, maternal, and fetal outcomes. Rural and urban hospitalizations for PPCM were 1:1 propensity score -matched using relevant clinical and sociodemographic variables. Odds of in -hospital mortality were assessed using logistic regression . Results: Among 72,880 delivery hospitalizations with PPCM, 4,571 occurred in rural locations, while 68,309 occurred in urban locations. After propensity matching, there were a total of 4,571 rural -urban pairs. There was significantly higher in -hospital mortality in urban compared to rural hospitalizations (adjusted OR 1.54, 95% CI 1.10-1.89). Urban PPCM hospitalizations had significantly higher cardiogenic shock (2.9% vs. 1.3%), mechanical circulatory support (1.0% vs. 0.6%), cardiac arrest (2.3% vs. 0.9%), and VT/VF (4.5% vs. 2.1%, all p <.05). Additionally, urban PPCM hospitalizations had worse maternal and fetal outcomes as compared to rural hospitalizations, including higher preterm delivery, gestational diabetes, and fetal death (all p<.05). Notably, significantly more rural individuals were transferred to a short-term hospital (including tertiary care centers) compared to urban individuals (13.5% vs. 3.2%, p<.0001). Conclusions: There are significant rural -urban disparities in delivery hospitalizations with PPCM. Worse outcomes were associated with urban hospitalizations, while rural PPCM hospitalizations were associated with increased transfers, suggesting inadequate resources and advanced sickness.
