N-terminal-pro-brain natriuretic peptide is decreased in insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort trial; Background: N-terminal-pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) is elevated in gestational hypertension and preeclampsia. This trial aimed to generate data for gestational diabetes mellitus patients, who are at risk to develop these complications. Methods: We have measured NT-proBNP in 223 otherwise healthy women between gestational week 24 and 32 referred to the outpatient diabetes unit in a cross-sectional study. Results: 88 control subjects, 45 patients with indication for medical nutrition therapy (MNT) alone and 90 patients who required insulin therapy were included. Groups of women were comparable regarding gestational week. Body mass index before pregnancy and at blood draw was significantly higher in subjects with insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus compared to MNT controlled gestational diabetes mellitus. NT-proBNP was significantly lower in patients with insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus (35 +/- 25 pg/ml) compared to controls (53 +/- 43 pg/ml, p = 0.012). Conclusions: NT-proBNP is within the reference range of normal subjects in women with gestational diabetes mellitus. Differences in body mass index, changes in glomerular filtration rate and haemodynamics may explain lower NT-proBNP concentrations in insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus. A false negative interpretation needs to be considered in these women.
Association between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease within 24 months postpartum; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death among women in the United States. It is well established that gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with an overall lifetime increased risk of cardiometabolic disease, even among those without intercurrent type 2 diabetes. However, the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and short-term risk of cardiovascular disease is unclear. Establishing short-term risks of cardiovascular disease for patients with gestational diabetes mellitus has significant potential to inform early screening and targeted intervention strategies to reduce premature cardiovascular morbidity among women. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the risk of cardiovascular disease diagnosis in the first 24 months postpartum between patients with and without gestational diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: Our longitudinal population-based study included pregnant individuals with deliveries from 2007 to 2019 in the Maine Health Data Organization's All Payer Claims Database. We excluded records with gestational age <20 weeks, non-Maine residence, multifetal gestation, no insurance in the month of delivery or the 3 months before pregnancy, an implausibly short interval until next pregnancy (<60 days), pregestational diabetes mellitus, and any prepregnancy diagnosis of the cardiovascular conditions being examined postpartum. Gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease (heart failure, ischemic heart disease, arrhythmia/cardiac arrest, cardiomyopathy, cerebrovascular disease/stroke, and new chronic hypertension) were identified by International Classification of Diseases 9/10 diagnosis codes. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios, adjusting for potential confounding factors. We assessed whether the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and chronic hypertension was mediated by intercurrent diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: Among the 84,746 pregnancies examined, the cumulative risk of cardiovascular disease within 24 months postpartum for those with vs without gestational diabetes mellitus was 0.13% vs 0.20% for heart failure, 0.16% vs 0.14% for ischemic heart disease, 0.60% vs 0.44% for cerebrovascular disease/stroke, 0.22% vs 0.16% for arrhythmia/cardiac arrest, 0.20% vs 0.20% for cardiomyopathy, and 4.19% vs 1.83% for new chronic hypertension. After adjusting for potential confounders, those with gestational diabetes had an increased risk of new chronic hypertension (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.56; 95% confidence interval, 1.32-1.86) within the first 24 months postpartum compared with those without gestational diabetes. There was no association between gestational diabetes and ischemic heart disease (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.75; 95% confidence interval, 0.34-1.65), cerebrovascular disease/stroke (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.13; 95% confidence interval, 0.78-1.66), arrhythmia/cardiac arrest (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.16; 95% confidence interval, 0.59 -2.29), or cardiomyopathy (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.75; 95% confidence interval, 0.40-1.41) within the first 24 months postpartum. Those with gestational diabetes appeared to have a decreased risk of heart failure within 24 months postpartum (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.45; 95% confidence interval, 0.21-0.98). Our mediation analyses estimated that 28% of the effect of gestational diabetes on new chronic hypertension was mediated through intercurrent diabetes mellitus. CONCLUSION: Patients with gestational diabetes mellitus have a significantly increased risk of new chronic hypertension as early as 24 months postpartum. Most of this effect was not due to the development of diabetes mellitus. Our findings suggest that all women with gestational diabetes need careful monitoring and screening for new chronic hypertension in the first 2 years postpartum.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and later cardiovascular disease: a Swedish population based case-control study; ObjectiveTo identify if gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a clinically useful marker of future cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk and if GDM combined with other risks (smoking, hypertension or body mass) identifies high-risk groups. DesignPopulation-based matched case-control study. SettingNational Swedish register data from 1991 to 2008. PopulationA total of 2639 women with a cardiovascular event and matched controls. MethodsConditional logistic regression examined associations with CVD before and after adjustment for conventional risk factors and confounders. Effect modification for the association of GDM with CVD by body mass index (BMI), smoking and chronic hypertension was assessed by stratification and interaction testing. Adjustment for diabetes post-pregnancy evaluated its mediating role. Main outcome measuresInpatient diagnoses or causes of death identifying ischemic heart disease, ischemic stroke, atherosclerosis or peripheral vascular disease. ResultsThe adjusted odds ratios (and 95% confidence intervals) for the association of CVD with GDM are 1.51 (1.07-2.14), 2.23 (2.01-2.48) for smoking, 1.98 (1.71-2.29) for obesity and 5.10 (3.18-8.18) for chronic hypertension. In stratified analysis the association of CVD with GDM was only seen among women with BMI 25, with an odds ratio of 2.39 (1.39-4.10), but only women with a BMI <30 accounted for this increased risk. Adjustment for post-pregnancy diabetes attenuated it somewhat to 1.99 (1.13-3.52). ConclusionsIn the absence of other recognised cardiovascular risk factors, such as smoking, obesity or chronic hypertension, GDM is a useful marker of raised CVD risk among women with BMI between 25 and 29.
Evaluation of Fetal Cardiac Function in Maternal Gestational Diabetes Mellitus by Speckle-Tracking Echocardiography; Objectives Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disease that occurs during pregnancy and may result in fetal cardiac dysfunction. Our study aimed to assess the cardiac function in fetuses of mothers with GDM by a quantitative analysis software based on speckle-tracking echocardiography. Methods Forty-nine fetuses exposed to GDM and 50 normal fetuses were enrolled, and fetal echocardiography were performed and analyzed in this prospective cross-sectional study. We compared cardiac systolic function between the two groups using fetal cardiac quantitative analysis software. Results In the GDM group, left ventricular (24 +/- 4 versus 28 +/- 4, P < .001) and right ventricular global longitudinal strain (23 +/- 4 versus 26 +/- 4, P = .002) and right ventricular free wall strain (26 +/- 6 versus 29 +/- 5, P = .006) were significantly lower compared with the control group, whereas there was no significant difference in global spherical index (1.2 +/- 0.1 versus 1.2 +/- 0.1, P = .425). Additionally, 24-segment transverse fraction shortening of the right ventricle was more impaired than the left, and the segments with reduced fraction shortening were mainly located in the mid and apical sections of the right ventricle, and midsection of the left ventricle. Conclusion Fetuses exposed to GDM may have cardiac dysfunction before the onset of cardiac morphologic abnormalities, and the right ventricle is more vulnerable than the left during fetal development.
Cardiovascular disease in women: the significance of hypertension and gestational diabetes during pregnancy; Purpose of review Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the major killer of women around the globe. Complications during pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus, are now recognized as risk factors for future CVD. Recent findings Studies of diverse populations demonstrate the links between these complications of pregnancy and a woman's future risk of CVD including atherosclerosis, hypertension, stroke, coronary artery disease, and heart failure. Markers that persist in these women following pregnancy continue to be identified and include microalbuminuria, proteinuria, elevated homocysteine levels, C-reactive protein, and salt sensitivity. Efforts are now being placed on establishing specialized clinics to monitor women beyond pregnancy to help reduce the burden of future disease. Summary Pregnancy offers a unique window through which women at risk of future CVD may be identified. Clinicians have an opportunity to implement health monitoring, lifestyle modifications, and other interventions during this period, and beyond, that will help reduce the burden of CVD. Research should continue to focus on identifying and understanding the mechanisms that lead to future CVD in these women; deciphering whether pregnancy unmasks an existing predisposition to disease, compounds the risk of future disease, or is the direct cause of future disease.
Gestational diabetes mellitus induces placental vasculopathies; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses significant long- and short-term risks to both the developing fetus and the mother. GDM can lead to maternal complications during pregnancy and increase the mother's risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease later. The present study aimed to evaluate the maternal and fetal vasculopathies in the placenta of Saudi women with GDM. This prospective study examined 84 placentas from full-term pregnant women with no complications other than GDM; 40 placentas were collected from healthy women (controls), and 44 were collected from women diagnosed with GDM. The sampling took place in King Saud University Medical City, Riyadh, between January and August 2019. All placentas were histologically examined according to the Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group (2014, 2015). The results showed that the most common placental changes on the maternal side of the placenta in the GDM group were significant syncytial knots (77%), calcification (70%), villous agglutination (57%), decidual vasculopathy (43%), and retroplacental hemorrhage (34%). Placental infarction was the least common placental change in both groups. On the fetal side, vasculopathies included significant villous fibrinoid necrosis (70.5%), chorangiosis (50%), fibromuscular sclerosis (50%), and villous edema (38.6%). Significant villous fibrinoid necrosis, villous edema, and significant fibromuscular sclerosis were more prevalent in the GDM group. The present study concluded that gestational diabetes mellitus induces histopathological phenotypes in the full-term placenta. Increased decidual vasculopathy, syncytial knots, retroplacental hemorrhage, classification, villous agglutination, chorangiosis, villous edema, villous fibroid necrosis, and fibromuscular sclerosis may indicate GDM in the mother. Such findings in the placenta of a woman who has not been diagnosed with GDM increase the need for GDM examination in future pregnancies.
Long-term cardiovascular outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective UK Biobank study; Background Previous studies showed that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can be a risk factor for subsequent atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. However, there is a paucity of information regarding diverse cardiovascular outcomes in elderly women after GDM. In the current study, we examined whether women with a history of GDM have an increased risk for long-term overall cardiovascular outcomes. Methods Among the UK participants, we included 219,330 women aged 40 to 69 years who reported at least one live birth. The new incidence of diverse cardiovascular outcomes was compared according to GDM history by multivariable Cox proportional hazard models. In addition, causal mediation analysis was performed to examine the contribution of well-known risk factors to observed risk. Results After enrollment, 13,094 women (6.0%) developed new overall cardiovascular outcomes. Women with GDM history had an increased risk for overall cardiovascular outcomes [adjusted HR (aHR) 1.36 (95% CI 1.18-1.55)], including coronary artery disease [aHR 1.31 (1.08-1.59)], myocardial infarction [aHR 1.65 (1.27-2.15)], ischemic stroke [aHR 1.68 (1.18-2.39)], peripheral artery disease [aHR 1.69 (1.14-2.51)], heart failure [aHR 1.41 (1.06-1.87)], mitral regurgitation [aHR 2.25 (1.51-3.34)], and atrial fibrillation/flutter [aHR 1.47 (1.18-1.84)], after adjustment for age, race, BMI, smoking, early menopause, hysterectomy, prevalent disease, and medication. In mediation analysis, overt diabetes explained 23%, hypertension explained 11%, and dyslipidemia explained 10% of the association between GDM and overall cardiovascular outcome. Conclusions GDM was associated with more diverse cardiovascular outcomes than previously considered, and conventional risk factors such as diabetes, hypertension, and dyslipidemia partially contributed to this relationship.
N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide levels vary by ethnicity and are associated with insulin sensitivity after gestational diabetes mellitus; Background Individuals of South Asian origin have a greater risk of cardiovascular disease after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) than European individuals. B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) and the amino-terminal fragment of its prohormone (NT-proBNP) are commonly used for heart failure screening and diagnosis, but biologically BNP exerts several beneficial cardiovascular effects primarily by counteracting the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system. We asked whether ethnic differences in circulating NT-proBNP levels could be explained by the differences in cardiometabolic and inflammatory risk markers? Methods We examined 162 South Asian and 107 Nordic women in Norway 1-3 years after GDM with a clinical examination, fasting blood samples and an oral glucose tolerance test. We measured the levels of NT-proBNP, high-sensitivity cardiac troponin T, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), leptin, adiponectin and markers of insulin sensitivity, such as the Matsuda insulin sensitivity index (ISI). Finally, we tried to identify which independent covariate best mediated the ethnic differences in NT-proBNP. Results The mean (SD) age was 35.3 (4.5) years, BMI 29.1 (6.0) kg/m(2), waist-height ratio 0.60 (0.08) and 164 women (61%) had prediabetes/diabetes. Notably, South Asian women had lower levels of NT-proBNP than Nordic women in both the normoglycemic and prediabetes/diabetes groups (median (IQR) 26 (15-38) vs. 42 (22-66) ng/L, p < 0.001). Higher NT-proBNP levels were associated with greater insulin sensitivity in both South Asian and Nordic women (p = 0.005 and p < 0.001). South Asian women had higher levels of hsCRP (median (IQR) 2.2 (1.1-4.4) vs. 1.2 (0.3-4.2) mg/L), IL-6 (2.3 (1.5-3.2) vs. 1.5 (1.5-2.5) pg/mL), leptin (1647 (1176-2480) vs. 1223 (876-2313) pmol/L), and lower adiponectin levels (7.2 (5.3-9.3) vs. 10.0 (7.2-13.5) mg/L) and Matsuda ISI (2.4 (1.7-3.7) vs. 4.2 (2.9-6.1), p(all)<0.01) than Nordic women. Even after adjusting for these differences, higher NT-proBNP levels remained associated with insulin sensitivity (22% higher NT-proBNP per SD Matsuda ISI, p = 0.015). Insulin sensitivity and adiponectin mediated 53% and 41% of the ethnic difference in NT-proBNP. Conclusions NT-proBNP levels are lower in South Asian than in Nordic women after GDM. Lower NT-proBNP levels correlate with impaired insulin sensitivity. Lower NT-proBNP levels in South Asian women could, therefore, be attributed to impaired insulin sensitivity rather than total body fat.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Post-partum Risk and Follow Up; Background: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at an increased risk for developing metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and cardiovascular disease. In this review, we will discuss postpartum cardiovascular and diabetes risk in women with a history of GDM and different ways to improve postpartum screening. Methods: This review involves a comprehensive literature review on gestational diabetes and postpartum risk for cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus as well as post-partum screening methods. Results: Cardiovascular risk post-partum is potentiated by increased inflammatory markers leading to worsening atherosclerosis and cardiovascular events downstream. Decreased insulin sensitivity and beta cell compensation, recurrent GDM, maternal factors such as pre and post-partum weight gain and lactation may contribute to T2DM risk. Postpartum glucose testing is essential in screening women as hyperglycemia in pregnancy has long term effects on both cardiovascular disease and diabetes risk on the mother. Conclusion: Long and short term improvement to post-partum glucose testing is essential to decreasing cardiometabolic and diabetes risk in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Does gestational diabetes mellitus increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? A Mendelian randomization study; PurposeIn recent years, epidemiological studies have revealed the relationship between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). In this study, we utilized Mendelian randomization (MR) to investigate the potential causal impact of GDM on cardiovascular disease for the first time.Methods We retrieved summary statistics from published genome-wide association studies. MR was first performed using significant SNPs extracted from the eighth data release of the FinnGen study. Next, a replication analysis for coronary artery disease (CAD) was conducted in another European ancestry population to validate our findings. Finally, mediation analysis was carried out to assess potential mediation effects.ResultsOur data analysis revealed that genetically predicted GDM was significantly associated with increased CAD risk (OR 1.10, 95% CI 1.02-1.18, p 0.006). Replication analysis confirmed a significant genetic association between GDM and CAD (OR 1.07, 95% CI 1.02-1.12, p 0.003) in another European ancestry population. Mediation analysis indicated no significant mediation effect by type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) on the GDM-CAD relationship (mediation effect beta [95% CI]: 0.005 [-0.003, -0.017]).ConclusionWomen with a prior history of GDM face an elevated risk of future CAD. This increased risk of CAD cannot be solely attributed to the subsequent onset of diabetes. Regular CAD risk assessment and primary prevention strategies are of paramount importance for women with a history of GDM.
The combined impact of migraine and gestational diabetes on long-term risk of premature myocardial infarction and stroke: A population-based cohort study; ObjectiveTo examine the combined impact of migraine and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the risks of premature (persons aged <= 60 years) major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCE) based on a composite endpoint of fatal and non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke.BackgroundMigraine and GDM are risk factors for cardiovascular disease. It is unknown how the combination of migraine and GDM may affect cardiovascular disease risk.MethodsIn a Danish population-based cohort longitudinal study, we established four cohorts among women with at least one pregnancy during 1996-2018: women with migraine, women with GDM, women with both migraine and GDM, and women free of migraine and free of GDM. Risks of premature MACCE and component endpoints were assessed for each cohort.ResultsWe included 1,307,456 women free of migraine and free of GDM, 56,811 women with migraine, 24,700 women with GDM, and 1484 women with migraine and GDM. The 20-year absolute risk of MACCE was 1.3% (MI: 0.4%, ischemic stroke: 0.6%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.3%) among women free of migraine and free of GDM, 2.3% (MI: 0.8%, ischemic stroke: 1.2%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.5%) among women with migraine, 2.2% (MI: 1.0%, ischemic stroke: 1.0%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.4%) among women with GDM, and 3.7% (MI: 1.7%, ischemic stroke: 1.7%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.3%) among women with both migraine and GDM. The 20-year adjusted hazard ratio of premature MACCE was 1.65 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.49-1.82) for women with migraine; 1.64 (95% CI 1.37-1.96) for women with GDM; and 2.35 (95% CI 1.03-5.36) for women with both GDM and migraine when compared with women free of migraine and free of GDM.ConclusionsMigraine and GDM were each independently associated with an increased risk of MACCE. Risk of premature MACCE was greatest among women with both migraine and GDM, although this risk estimate was imprecise. Migraine and gestational diabetes are both risk factors for cardiovascular disease, but it is unknown how the combination of migraine and gestational diabetes affects cardiovascular disease risk. In this study, we found an increased risk of cardiovascular disease among women with migraine only and among women with gestational diabetes only. The risk of cardiovascular disease was greatest among women with both migraine and gestational diabetes.
Early-pregnancy maternal heart rate is related to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); Objective: The study examined the association between resting heart rate (RHR) of early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Chinese population. Methods: As retrospective study, medical data of 15,092 pregnant women gave birth in 2019 was collected and analyzed. The pregnant women's age, educational level, pre-pregnancy body weight, height, parity, family history of diabetes, lipid profile, blood pressure and RHR were recorded during 11 similar to 13(+6) weeks. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to estimate the association between maternal characteristics and RHR and GDM. And we further evaluated the predictive roll of RHR in different sub-groups defined by their body mass index (BMI), age, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), total cholesterol and triglyceride. Results: 2313 women (15.33%) were diagnosed as GDM according to 75 g OGTT. According to the quartile value of RHR, the subjects were divided into four groups. Risk of GDM increased significantly as RHR increased. In the fully adjusted model, ORs(95%CI) for the lowest vs highest quartiles of heart rate were 1(as reference), 1.14(0.97 similar to 1.33), 1.25(1.05 similar to 1.40), 1.41(1.21 similar to 1.62), respectively. In the subgroup's analysis, we found the relationship between RHR and risk of GDM was evident in women with low and normal BMI; with normal fasting plasma; and normal serum lipid level. Conclusion: The current study shows early-pregnancy maternal RHR is associated with potential risk of developing GDM. (C) 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Effects of pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus on macrosomia and birth defects in Upstate New York; Aims: To evaluate the effects of pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on macrosomia and birth defects. Methods: Existing birth registry data from the Perinatal Data System in Upstate New York was analysed. 650,914 women with a singleton term pregnancy (>= 37 weeks) aged 18-55 years from 2004 to 2016 were included. Results: The prevalence of macrosomia in infants born to women with PGDM and GDM were 26.0% and 16.4%, respectively, higher than that in the controls (11.2%). Compared with the controls (0.8%), the PGDM and GDM groups had higher prevalence of any birth defect (1.8% and 1.0%). The PGDM group had the highest prevalence of cyanotic heart disease (0.6%). Moreover, the PGDM group had higher prevalence of cleft lip and palate, cleft palate alone, hypospadias and limb reduction defect compared to the GDM and control groups (p < 0.05). However, these birth defects in the GDM group were similar to those in the controls. Both the PGDM and GDM groups had significantly elevated odds of macrosomia, cyanotic heart disease and any birth defect than controls. The PGDM group had higher odds of cleft lip and palate, cleft palate alone, hypospadias and limb reduction defect. Conclusions: Using the Perinatal Data System database, PGDM and GDM, especially PGDM, was associated with higher prevalence of macrosomia, cyanotic heart disease and any birth defect in singleton term pregnancy in Upstate New York. PGDM, not GDM had higher prevalence of cleft lip and palate, cleft palate alone, hypospadias and limb reduction defect. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
CXC chemokine ligand 16 is increased in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia and associated with lipoproteins in gestational diabetes mellitus at 5years follow-up; Background: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life, but the mechanism remains unclear. The aim of the study was to evaluate the association between CXC chemokine ligand 16 and indices of glucose metabolism, dyslipidemia and systemic inflammation in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. Methods: This sub-study of the population-based prospective cohort included 310 women. Oral glucose tolerance test was performed during pregnancy and 5years later along with lipid analysis. CXC chemokine ligand 16 was measured in plasma (protein) and peripheral blood mononuclear cells (messenger RNA) during pregnancy and at follow-up. Results: Circulating CXC chemokine ligand 16 was higher in gestational diabetes mellitus women early in pregnancy and at follow-up, while higher in preeclampsia women late in pregnancy compared to control women. Messenger RNA of CXC chemokine ligand 16 in peripheral blood mononuclear cells were lower in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia women compared to control women. Increased circulating CXC chemokine ligand 16 level was associated with a higher apolipoprotein B and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in gestational diabetes mellitus women but not in normal pregnancy at follow-up. Conclusion: Our study shows that women with gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia had a dysregulated CXC chemokine ligand 16 during pregnancy, and in gestational diabetes mellitus, the increase in CXC chemokine ligand 16 early in pregnancy and after 5years was strongly associated with their lipid profile.
Distribution of soluble suppression of tumorigenicity 2 (sST2), N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP), high sensitive troponin I and high-sensitive troponin T in umbilical cord blood; Background: Soluble suppression of tumorigenicity 2 (sST2), N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP), high sensitive troponin I (hs-TnI), and high sensitive troponin T (hs-TnT) are representative cardiac biomarkers. The reference intervals (RIs) of these biomarkers have been rarely investigated in umbilical cord blood (UCB). We explored the distribution of these cardiac markers and established their RIs in UCB. Methods: In a total of 293 UCB specimens, sST2, -NT-proBNP, hs-TnI, and hs-TnT concentrations were analyzed according to the gestational age, presence of premature membrane rupture (PROM), presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and Apgar score at 1 min. Their RIs were defined in 133 UCB specimens from healthy, fullterm neonates, using non-parametric percentile methods according to the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute guideline (EP28-A3C). Results: The concentrations of four cardiac markers in UCB were different between full-term neonates and preterm neonates. The concentrations of NT-proBNP and hs-TnI differed according to the presence or absence of PROM. Their concentrations did not differ regardless of the presence of GDM. The concentrations of sST2 and -NT-proBNP differed according to the Apgar score at 1 min. The 97.5th percentile upper reference limits were: sST2, 59.9 ng/mL; NT pro-BNP, 1415.3 pg/mL; hs-TnI, 27.8 pg/mL; and hs-TnT, 86.5 pg/mL. Conclusions: The distribution of sST2, NT pro-BNP, hs-TnI, and hs-TnT in UCB together with their RIs would provide fundamental data for future researches and clinical practice.
Stable ischemic heart disease in women: current perspectives; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women accounting for 1 in every 4 female deaths. Pathophysiology of ischemic heart disease in women includes epicardial coronary artery, endothelial dysfunction, coronary vasospasm, plaque erosion and spontaneous coronary artery dissection. Angina is the most common presentation of stable ischemic heart disease (SIHD) in women. Risk factors for SIHD include traditional risks such as older age, obesity (body mass index [BMI] >25 kg/m(2)), smoking, hypertension, dyslipidemia, cerebrovascular and peripheral vascular disease, sedentary lifestyle, family history of premature coronary artery disease, metabolic syndrome and diabetes mellitus, and nontraditional risk factors, such as gestational diabetes, insulin resistance/polycystic ovarian disease, pregnancy-induced hypertension, pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, menopause, mental stress and autoimmune diseases. Diagnostic testing can be used effectively to risk stratify women. Guidelines-directed medical therapy including aspirin, statins, beta-blocker therapy, calcium channel blockers and ranolazine should be instituted for symptom and ischemia management. Despite robust evidence regarding the adverse outcomes seen in women with ischemic heart disease, knowledge gaps exist in several areas. Future research needs to be directed toward a greater understanding of the role of nontraditional risk factors for SIHD in women, gaining deeper insights into the sex differences in therapeutic effects and formulating a sex-specific algorithm for the management of SIHD in women.
Characterization of fetal cardiac structure and function detected by echocardiography in women with normal pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives To assess fetal cardiac structure and function in normal pregnancy and in the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using echocardiography measurements. Material and methods We studied fetal cardiac structure and function in 169 uncomplicated singleton pregnancies and in 92 complicated by GDM. Maternal glycemic control was deemed adequate in 75 women and inadequate in 17. Fetal two-dimensional ultrasound, pulsed wave Doppler and tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) were used to assess cardiac walls thickness and cardiac function, both systolic [with ejection fraction (EF)] and diastolic [using early diastolic peak flow velocity (E)/late peak of diastolic velocity (A) and early diastolic peak velocity at the annulus (Ea)/late diastolic peak velocity at the annulus (Aa) ratios]. Results In normal pregnancies, fetal ventricular walls and interventricular septum thickness increased progressively with advancing gestation and were significantly thicker in the presence of GDM (P < 0.001) independently of maternal glycemic control. Fetal cardiac systolic function indicated by EF did not change during normal pregnancy, but was significantly increased (P < 0.001) in the presence of GDM independently of maternal glycemic control. Both pulsed wave Doppler and TDI indicators of fetal diastolic cardiac function increased during normal pregnancy, reaching a maximum at 36 to 40 weeks of gestation (P < 0.001). The presence of GDM did not affect pulsed wave Doppler indicators of diastolic function [ratio of early/late diastolic peak flow velocity (E/A ratio)], whereas TDI indices [ratio of early/late diastolic peak velocity at the annulus (Ea/Aa ratio)] were significantly lower after adjustment for gestational age and estimated fetal weight (EFW); and such changes were independent of maternal diabetic control (P < 0.001). Conclusions Fetal cardiac wall thickness, cardiac systolic and diastolic functions are affected by GDM independently of glycemic control. Copyright (C) 2011 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Association Between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and the Risks of Type-Specific Cardiovascular Diseases; ObjectiveGestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been linked to subsequent overall cardiovascular diseases. However, evidence on the associations of GDM with type-specific cardiovascular diseases is lacking, and findings on the potential impact of type 2 diabetes on the associations are not consistent. This study aimed to explore the associations between GDM and the risks of type-specific cardiovascular diseases. MethodsData were from 12,025 women (>= 20 years) who had delivered at least one live birth in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2007-2018. GDM history and type-specific cardiovascular diseases including coronary heart disease (CHD), heart failure and stroke were defined by self-report. We also combined our results with those from previously related publications on the associations between GDM and risks of type-specific cardiovascular diseases with a random-effect model. ResultsCompared with women without GDM, the multivariable-adjusted odds ratios (95% confidence intervals) were 1.82 (1.21-2.72) for CHD, 1.43 (0.80-2.53) for heart failure, and 1.19 (0.76-1.86) for stroke among women with a history of GDM. Type 2 diabetes was associated with 43.90, 67.44, and 63.16% of the excess odds of CHD, heart failure and stroke associated with GDM, respectively. Combining results from this study with those from previously related studies yielded odds ratios (95% confidence intervals) of 1.81 (1.60-2.05) for CHD (12 studies, 7,615,322 participants, I-2= 72.6%), 1.66 (1.25-2.21) for heart failure (5 studies, 4,491,665 participants, I-2= 88.6%), and 1.25 (1.07-1.46) for cerebrovascular disease (9 studies, 6,090,848 participants, I-2= 77.8%). ConclusionsGDM showed stronger associations with coronary heart diseases and heart failure than cerebrovascular disease, and the excess risks are attributable, in part, to type 2 diabetes.
Late Cardiovascular Consequences of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), defined as carbohydrate intolerance of any degree first recognized during pregnancy, complicates similar to 4% of all pregnancies in the United States. Several factors can increase one's risk of developing GDM, including obesity, family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and race/ethnicity. Conversely, a history of GDM can increase the risk of developing not only T2DM but also cardiovascular disease (CVD) independent of a diagnosis of T2DM. Several investigations have explored GDM relationships with CVD risk factors, CVD surrogate markers, and clinically evident CVD. These studies have included evaluations of biochemical parameters, such as Inflammatory and endothelial biomarkers; endothelial dysfunction, such as that seen in impaired brachial artery flow-mediated vasodilation; and vascular dysfunction, manifest as cardiac dysfunction or in diseases such as hypertension. This article will review these studies and examine factors considered to be responsible for promoting CVD in women with a history of GDM, such as T2DM and metabolic syndrome and its components. In addition, studies evidencing CVD in women with a history of GDM will be explored.
Three-dimensional echocardiography and cardiac strain imaging in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with premature cardiovascular disease and adverse cardiovascular outcome in the mother. Subclinical cardiac functional changes in the left ventricle have been reported during pregnancy in women with GDM using conventional echocardiography, but results are inconsistent. The aims of the current study were to assess whether GDM is associated with biventricular systolic dysfunction in the mother and whether these cardiac changes can be detected using the novel echocardiographic modalities of strain imaging and three-dimensional (3D) echocardiography. Methods This was a cross-sectional study in women with GDM and controls examined at 26-40 weeks of gestation. All women underwent echocardiography, and 3D volumes of the left and right ventricles and left atrium were collected. Ejection fraction and left ventricular mass were measured using 3D echocardiography. Left ventricular mass was indexed to body surface area. Speckle-tracking echocardiography was used to assess global longitudinal strain of the left and right ventricles and strain of the left atrium. Results The study population included 123 women with GDM and 246 controls. Women with GDM, compared to controls, were older (35.1 +/- 5.2 vs 32.4 +/- 5.5 years; P< 0.001), had higher body mass index (30.6 (interquartile range (IQR), 26.2-35.2) vs 27.5 (IQR, 24.7-30.7) kg/m(2); P< 0.001) and had higher systolic blood pressure (119.9 +/- 11.2 vs 116.4 +/- 12.0 mmHg; P= 0.007). In all women with GDM, there was good glycemic control. In women with GDM, compared to controls, there was lower global longitudinal strain of the left ventricle (-19.3% (IQR, -21.4 to -17.6%) vs -20.1% (IQR, -22.1 to -18.7%); P= 0.002) and right ventricle (-22.2% (IQR, -26.1 to -19.8%) vs -24.1% (IQR, -27.0 to -21.9%); P< 0.001). There was no significant difference between the groups in ejection fraction, left ventricular mass, diastolic function assessed by left atrial strain, or 3D functional indices. Conclusions Women with GDM, compared to women with uncomplicated pregnancy, have lower left and right ventricular myocardial deformation. Volumetric assessment using 3D echocardiography does not provide additional information about maternal cardiac function. Strain imaging is a sensitive echocardiographic modality to detect early cardiac functional changes in women with GDM. Further studies are needed to assess the pattern of deterioration of cardiac function with advancing age in women with a history of GDM. (C) 2021 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Early cardiovascular events in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on cardiovascular diseases (CVD) is not assessed within the first 10 years postpartum, regardless of subsequent diabetes. The aim of this study was to determine the risk of CVD events related to GDM within 7 years of postpartum. Methods: This nationwide population-based study of deliveries in 2007 and 2008 with a follow-up of 7 years was based on data from the French medico-administrative database. Two groups were formed: women with a history of GDM and women without GDM or previous diabetes. CVD included angina pectoris, myocardial infarction, stroke, heart bypass surgery, coronary angioplasty, carotid endarterectomy and fibrinolysis. Hypertensive disease was assessed separately. Determinants studied included age, obesity, subsequent diabetes mellitus and hypertensive diseases during pregnancy. Adjusted odds ratios for outcomes were calculated using multiple logistic regressions. Results: The hospital database recorded 1,518,990 deliveries in 2007 and 2008. Among these, 62,958 women had a history of GDM. After adjusting for age, DM, obesity and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, GDM was significantly associated with a higher risk of CVD (adjusted Odds Ratio aOR = 1.25 [1.09-1.43]). Considering each variable in a separate model, GDM was associated with angina pectoris (aOR = 1.68 [1.29-2.20]), myocardial infarction (aOR = 1.92 [1.36-2.71]) and hypertension (aOR = 2.72 [2.58-2.88]) but not with stroke. Conclusions: A history of GDM was identified as a risk factor of CVD, especially coronary vascular diseases, within the 7 years postpartum. A lifestyle changes from postpartum onwards can be recommended and supported.
Association of gestational diabetes mellitus with overall and type specific cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases: systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective To quantify the risk of overall and type specific cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases as well as venous thromboembolism in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. Design Systematic review and meta-analyses. Data sources PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library from inception to 1 November 2021 and updated on 26 May 2022. Review methods Observational studies reporting the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and incident cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases were eligible. Data, pooled by random effects models, are presented as risk ratios (95% confidence intervals). Certainty of evidence was appraised by the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluations. Results 15 studies rated as moderate or serious risk of bias were included. Of 513 324 women with gestational diabetes mellitus, 9507 had cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease. Of more than eight million control women without gestational diabetes, 78 895 had cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease. Compared with women without gestational diabetes mellitus, women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus showed a 45% increased risk of overall cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases (risk ratio 1.45, 95% confidence interval 1.36 to 1.53), 72% for cardiovascular diseases (1.72, 1.40 to 2.11), and 40% for cerebrovascular diseases (1.40, 1.29 to 1.51). Women with gestational diabetes mellitus showed increased risks of incident coronary artery diseases (1.40, 1.18 to 1.65), myocardial infarction (1.74, 1.37 to 2.20), heart failure (1.62, 1.29 to 2.05), angina pectoris (2.27, 1.79 to 2.87), cardiovascular procedures (1.87, 1.34 to 2.62), stroke (1.45, 1.29 to 1.63), and ischaemic stroke (1.49, 1.29 to 1.71). The risk of venous thromboembolism was observed to increase by 28% in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (1.28, 1.13 to 1.46). Subgroup analyses of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease outcomes stratified by study characteristics and adjustments showed significant differences by region (P=0.078), study design (P=0.02), source of data (P=0.005), and study quality (P=0.04), adjustment for smoking (P=0.03), body mass index (P=0.01), and socioeconomic status (P=0.006), and comorbidities (P=0.05). The risk of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases was, however, attenuated but remained significant when restricted to women who did not develop subsequent overt diabetes (all gestational diabetes mellitus: 1.45, 1.33 to 1.59, gestational diabetes mellitus without subsequent diabetes: 1.09, 1.06 to 1.13). Certainty of evidence was judged as low or very low quality. Co nclusions Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with increased risks of overall and type specific cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases that cannot be solely attributed to conventional cardiovascular risk factors or subsequent diabetes.
Research Progress on Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Endothelial Dysfunction Markers; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the onset or first recognition of diabetes during pregnancy in women with normal glucose metabolism or potentially impaired glucose tolerance before pregnancy. Studies have shown that vascular endothelial cells (VECs) are an important target organ of insulin, which is injured by multiple factors in the case of GDM, thereby leading to worsened insulin resistance (IR) and the further development of GDM. When VECs are abnormal, there will be changes in the content of a variety of cell markers, which may be helpful for the clinical prediction and diagnosis of GDM. This study attempted to investigate the mechanism and markers of VECs injury in GDM patients.
Postpartum dyslipidaemia in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus; Diabetes mellitus is a known risk factor for cardiovascular disease which should prompt screening for other cardiovascular risk factors, including dyslipidaemia. Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are not routinely screened for cardiovascular risk factors. The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence of dyslipidaemia postpartum in women with GDM. The study was performed in a large university hospital. Women with GDM had a fasting lipid profile performed 6 weeks postnatally. Clinical details were obtained from the medical records. Lipid results in our cohort were compared with healthy women of the same age. The overall prevalence of postpartum dyslipidaemia was 52 % (n = 51). Total cholesterol was raised in 44 % (n = 43), low-density lipoprotein was raised in 33 % (n = 32) and triglycerides were raised in 16 % (n = 16). Of the 51 women with dyslipidaemia, 73 % (n = 37) had more than one abnormality in their lipid profile. Four of the five women with an abnormal postpartum GTT had an abnormal lipid profile. Compared with healthy women of the same age, women with GDM had higher total cholesterol (p = 0.04), higher LDL (p = 0.003), higher triglycerides (p < 0.001) and lower HDL (p < 0.04). Women with GDM should be screened for dyslipidaemia postpartum and protective cardiovascular interventions offered where appropriate.
Two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography in assessing the subclinical myocardial dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease and accompany asymptomatic deterioration of the myocardial function. This study aims to identify the subclinical impact of GDM on maternal left ventricular function by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography (2D-STE). Methods We prospectively recruited 47 women with GDM and 62 healthy pregnant women who underwent transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) at 24 to 28 weeks of pregnancy. GDM diagnosis agreed with the IADPSG criteria. TTE was performed according to the criteria of the American Society of Echocardiography. Conventional echocardiographic data and 2D-STE parameters were compared between the two groups. Results Age, gestational weeks, heart rate, and conventional echocardiographic parameters had no difference between the two groups. The average LV global longitudinal strain (LV-GLS) of GDM patients was lower than controls (18.14 +/- 2.53 vs. 22.36 +/- 6.33, p < 0.001), and 31 patients (66%) in our study had an absolute LV-GLS less than 20%. The LA reservoir and conduit strain in patients with GDM were also significantly reduced (32.71 +/- 6.64 vs. 38.00 +/- 7.06, 20.41 +/- 5.69 vs. 25.56 +/- 5.73, p < 0.001). However, there was no significant difference in LA contractile function between the two groups. In multiple regression analysis, LV-GLS and LA conduit strain independently associated with GDM. Conclusions 2D-STE could detect the subclinical myocardial dysfunction more sensitively than conventional echocardiography, with LV-GLS and LA conduit strain as independent indicators of the GDM impact on maternal cardiac function during pregnancy.
Association of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) with subclinical atherosclerosis: a systemic review and meta-analysis; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an elevated risk of adverse health outcomes such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) is increasingly used as a noninvasive marker for subclinical atherosclerosis. Whether there is a direct correlation between GDM and elevated cIMT is still controversial. Methods: PubMed, Embase and reference lists of relevant papers were reviewed. Studies assessing the relationship between GDM and cIMT were included. Weighted Mean Difference (WMD) of cIMT was calculated using random-effect models. Results: Fifteen studies with a total of 2247 subjects were included in our analysis, giving a pooled WMD of 0.05 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.03 -0.07). Furthermore, meta regression and subgroup analysis found that the association between GDM and larger cIMT already existed during pregnancy, and this relation was stronger in obese GDM patients. Conclusions: GDM in and after pregnancy is associated with subclinical atherosclerosis. Weight control may be helpful to prevent cardiovascular diseases for GDM patients.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-Recent Literature Review; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is defined as a state of hyperglycemia that is first recognized during pregnancy, is currently the most common medical complication in pregnancy. GDM affects approximately 15% of pregnancies worldwide, accounting for approximately 18 million births annually. Mothers with GDM are at risk of developing gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia and termination of pregnancy via Caesarean section. In addition, GDM increases the risk of complications, including cardiovascular disease, obesity and impaired carbohydrate metabolism, leading to the development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) in both the mother and infant. The increase in the incidence of GDM also leads to a significant economic burden and deserves greater attention and awareness. A deeper understanding of the risk factors and pathogenesis becomes a necessity, with particular emphasis on the influence of SARS-CoV-2 and diagnostics, as well as an effective treatment, which may reduce perinatal and metabolic complications. The primary treatments for GDM are diet and increased exercise. Insulin, glibenclamide and metformin can be used to intensify the treatment. This paper provides an overview of the latest reports on the epidemiology, pathogenesis, diagnosis and treatment of GDM based on the literature.
Interconception Care for Women With Prior Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; The diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) signals greater pregnancy risk but also increased lifelong risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In women with GDM, insulin resistance exceeds that observed in normal pregnancy and to varying degrees may persist or worsen after birth. Therefore, during postpartum and interconception periods, women with a history of GDM must be monitored for manifestations of increasing insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and increased adiposity. Care of women with prior GDM in the postpartum and interconception periods affords clinicians a unique opportunity for targeted screening and health promotion. The objective of this review was to synthesize evidence related to interconception care for women following a pregnancy complicated by GDM and to suggest principles of care: 1) case finding and multiple patient/clinician reminders for women with prior GDM are necessary so that screening occurs in the postpartum through interconception periods; 2) monitoring of metabolic (glucose) and cardiovascular risk (lipids, blood pressure, adiposity) should occur at regular intervals and more often in women with additional risk factors such as insulin use during pregnancy, early diagnosis of GDM, obesity, prediabetes, and dyslipidemia; 3) breastfeeding and use of long-term contraception should be encouraged; and 4) lifestyle modifications that are effective in preventing and delaying disease should be encouraged.
Updates in Long-term Maternal and Fetal Adverse Effects of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with long-term maternal and fetal adverse outcomes. Recent evidences suggest GDM increases long-term maternal cardiovascular disease, chronic kidney disease, and cancer risks. Maternal hyperglycemia is associated with offspring obesity, overweight, insulin resistance, and neurocognitive development. It remains unclear whether treating mild GDM would reduce long-term maternal and fetal adverse effects.
Cytokine profile, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease risk in women with late-onset gestational diabetes mellitus; Inflammation is an important component of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) which could be the link between the metabolic and the cardiovascular consequences of this condition. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been recognized as a significant risk factor for MetS and an inflammation component has been described in this disease. The aim of the study was to evaluate the relationships between cytokine concentrations, components of MetS and cardiovascular risk markers in women with late-onset GDM. Women (n = 63) with late-onset GDM and 63 controls were enrolled. Clinical variables, and obstetrics and perinatal outcomes were recorded. Relationships between cytokines (TNF-alpha, leptin, IL6, adiponectin) and endothelial injury markers (VCAM, ICAM and selectine) were analyzed. Control vs. patient data indicated: pre-gestational body mass index (BMI) 23.46 +/- 3.73 vs. 26.97 +/- 5.07 kg/m(2) (p = 0.001); TNF-alpha 2.2 +/- 0.8 vs. 3.1 +/- 1.5 pg/mL (p = 0.002); leptin 18714.78 +/- 8859.08 vs. 27365.79 +/- 16209.67 pg/mL (p = 0.001); adiponectin 162.42 +/- 34.19 vs. 141.54 +/- 41.33 ng/mL (p = 0.04). Multivariate analyses showed that adiponectin had a protective effect (OR = 0.9; p = 0.02) and BMI carried a significant risk (OR = 8.4; p = 0.01) for GDM. No differences were found in endothelial injury markers. In conclusion, the cytokine profile in women with late-onset GDM is characterized by high concentrations of TNF-alpha and leptin and low adiponectin. This profile is related, in large extent, to an increased pregravid BMI which, potentially, may be linked to the future development of both metabolic and cardiovascular disease. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Study of Regional Left Ventricular Longitudinal Function in Fetuses with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus by Velocity Vector Imaging; ObjectiveThe purpose of this study was to investigate the clinical value of velocity vector imaging in the assessment of regional left ventricular longitudinal function in fetuses with gestational diabetes mellitus. MethodsDigital dynamic four-chamber views of 98 fetuses with gestational diabetes mellitus and 135 normal fetuses were collected and analyzed using velocity vector imaging. The regional tissue velocity, strain, and strain rate of the interventricular septum and left lateral wall were separately measured in systole and diastole. ResultsA total of 207 of 233 cases were analyzed successfully. Vs (systolic velocity) and Vd (diastolic velocity) were age-dependent and gradually decreased from the basal segment to the apical segment in the left ventricle (P < 0.05). The Vs after 32(+0) weeks, Vd after 28(+0) weeks, and S (strain), SRs (systolic strain rate), and SRd (diastolic strain rate) after 24(+0) weeks in the left ventricle of fetuses with GDM were obviously lower than the corresponding parameters of normal fetuses (P < 0.05). ConclusionVVI can evaluate the fetal regional left ventricular longitudinal function.
Risk prediction of maternal cardiovascular disease one year after hypertensive pregnancy complications or gestational diabetes mellitus; Background Previous preeclampsia, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus show a firm epidemiological association to maternal cardiovascular disease risk. Cardiovascular disease risk assessment is recommended in women after these pregnancy complications, but not offered in most countries. We therefore wanted to evaluate the applicability of currently recommended cardiovascular disease risk scores for women one-year postpartum of such pregnancy complications. Design and methods We tested applicability of three scoring systems, the Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease (ASCVD) score, the Joint British Societies for the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease (JBS3) score and Framingham 30 year Risk Score-Cardiovascular Disease (FRS-CVD) in 235 women one-year postpartum (controls: 94, gestational hypertension: 35, preeclampsia: 81, gestational diabetes mellitus: 25). Statistical analysis was performed with Mann-Whitney U test for continuous and Fisher's mid-corrected p and Pearson's r for dichotomous variables. A value of p < 0.050 was considered significant. Results Most women (87.7%) were below 40 years of age, rendering 10-year risk estimations recommended by American and European societies inapplicable. FRS-CVD could be assessed in all women. Significantly fewer could be assessed by the ASCVD (81.5%) and JBS3 (91.6%). All scoring systems showed small, but significant increases in risk scores for one or more of the pregnancy complication groups, but none at the risk magnitude for cardiovascular disease shown in epidemiological studies. Conclusion We demonstrate that ASCVD, JBS3 and FRS-CVD are inadequate in assessing cardiovascular disease risk one-year postpartum. We suggest that pregnancy complications need to be considered separately when evaluating maternal cardiovascular disease risk and need for postpartum follow-up.
Maternal Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Congenital Heart Disease in Offspring: A Meta-Analysis; Maternal diabetes has been related to an increased risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring. However, inconsistent results were retrieved for studies evaluating the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and CHD in offspring. We therefore performed a systematic review and meta-analysis for comprehensive investigation. Observational studies were identified by searching PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science according to the aim of the meta-analysis. A randomized-effects model was used to pool the data by incorporating the influence of potential heterogeneity. Twenty-three observational studies, involving 46953078 mother-child pairs, were available for the meta-analysis. Among them, 2131800 mothers were diagnosed as GDM and 214379 newborns had CHD. Overall, maternal GDM was associated with a higher incidence of CHD in offspring [odds ratio (OR): 1.32, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.21 to 1.45, p<0.001; I2=62%]. Sensitivity analysis limited to studies with adjustment of maternal age and other potential confounding factors showed similar results (OR: 1.40, 95% CI: 1.30 to 1.51, p<0.001; I2=47%). Subgroup analysis suggested that the association between maternal GDM and CHD in offspring was not significantly affected by methods for diagnosis of GDM, methods for confirmation of CHD, or study quality scores (p for subgroup difference all>0.05). Subsequent analysis according to types of CHD showed that maternal GDM was associated with higher risks of atrial septal defect, ventricular septal defect, and Tetralogy of Fallot. Maternal GDM may be associated with a higher risk of CHD in offspring.
Elevated mean platelet volume is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus; The mean platelet volume (MPV) is an indicator of the average size and activity of platelets. Elevated MPV values are associated with larger and more active platelets and perceived as a new independent cardiovascular risk factor. The aim of this study was to determine the MPV in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to determine the correlation of MPV with metabolic parameters in GDM. We retrospectively analyzed 30 women with GDM and 38 body mass index-matched women with healthy pregnancies as controls. MPV and platelet counts were recorded in the third trimester and at postpartum 6-12 months for GDM group and in the third trimester for control group. Third-trimester MPV was significantly higher in GDM group compared to control group (8.8 +/- 1.0 versus 8.1 +/- 0.7 fl, p = 0.002). In women with GDM, there was a significant decrease in MPV in the postpartum period (8.8 +/- 1.0 versus 8.1 +/- 0.8 fl, p<0.001). Fasting plasma glucose levels and glucose area under the curve were positively correlated with third trimester MPV (r = 0.346, p = 0.007 and r = 0.346, p = 0.02, respectively). Our results indicate that MPV is increased in GDM. Monitoring MPV, which is widely available in clinical practice, may potentially identify women who will develop gestational diabetes during pregnancy.
Evaluation of right side foetal myocardial performance index in pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus; The aim of our study is to investigate the myocardial performance index (MPI) of the right side of the foetal heart in pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus and to compare it with non-diabetic pregnancies. This prospective cross-sectional study was conducted between August 2018 and March 2019 at Kanuni Sultan Suleyman Research and Training Hospital. Women with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus at 24-34 weeks of gestation were included in the study and non-diabetic pregnant women were included as the control group. MPI of the right side of the foetal heart were evaluated and compared between the groups. A total of 65 pregestational or gestational diabetic patients and 65 non-diabetic patients were included in the study. Isovolumetric contraction time and isovolumetric relaxation time values were significantly longer in the diabetic group (p < .001). Ejection time values were significantly shorter in the diabetic group (p < .001). MPI values were significantly higher in the diabetic group than the non-diabetic group (p < .001). In conclusion, MPI of the right side of the foetal heart is significantly higher in pregestational and gestational diabetes than in the non-diabetic group.IMPACT STATEMENT What is already known on this subject? Gestational diabetes mellitus causes foetal cardiomyopathy and foetal diastolic dysfunction. Myocardial performance index (MPI) is a non-invasive, Doppler-derived myocardial performance assessment that is independent of both heart rate and ventricular anatomy. What do the results of this study add? MPI of the right side of the foetal heart was significantly higher in pregestational and gestational diabetes than in the non-diabetic group. There was no difference in right ventricular MPI between pregestational and gestational groups in diabetic pregnancies, and between insulin using and not insulin using groups. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Our study results are promising. MPI of the right side of the foetal heart is significantly higher in pregestational and gestational diabetes than in the non-diabetic group. Prospective cohort studies evaluating serial MPI and evaluating by postpartum foetal echocardiography are needed to evaluate possible adverse effects of diabetes on foetal cardiac functions.
Perinatal Arterial Ischemic Stroke in Northern Queensland; Objectives Our objective was to review the occurrence, presentation, and associated risk factors of stroke in infants at a tertiary neonatal intensive care unit. Study Design Inpatient electronic records identified infants between March 2002 and March 2011 who had perinatal arterial ischemic stroke. Results Ten infants had perinatal arterial ischemic stroke, 50% were outborn, 20% were indigenous, and mortality was 30%. Median birth weight was 2970 g (range 1699 to 3443 g), and median gestation was 36 weeks (range 32 to 41 weeks). Perinatal arterial ischemic stroke were left sided in three, right sided in three, and bilateral in four. Presentation included four with seizures, four with apnea/sepsis, one with thrombosis, and one without symptoms. In 4 of 10 cases reported in this series, there was a maternal history of gestational diabetes, although the incidence of gestational diabetes in Australia is only 4.5%. Conclusion The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus in our cases appears to be very much higher than the average population. Larger studies are needed to determine if gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for perinatal arterial ischemic stroke.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Pharmacological Prevention and Treatment; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common medical complications of pregnancy and is defined as glucose intolerance that first emerges or is first recognized during pregnancy. Several factors increase the risk of a pregnant woman developing gestational diabetes mellitus, and several interventions have been tested for the prevention of GDM development. The most common pharmacological interventions that have been assessed are metformin administration, probiotics administration, and vitamin D administration. However, no intervention appears to be universally superior to placebo/no intervention for the prevention of GDM. Administration of insulin is the preferred medication for treating hyperglycemia in gestational diabetes mellitus. Metformin and glyburide are not regarded as first-line agents, as both cross the placenta to the fetus. Even though there are sufficient data indicating that administration of metformin is safe and effective in women with GDM, there are very limited data concerning the long-term effects of metformin on the offspring. Furthermore, glyburide should be used with caution, as it increases the risk of neonatal hypoglycemia. Some studies also show that it increases the risk of macrosomia. Overall, oral agents may be a therapeutic option in women with GDM after a discussion of the known risks and the need for more long-term safety data in the offspring. The present review aims to highlight the current scientific status regarding the prevention and treatment of GDM.
Unfavorable cytokine and adhesion molecule profiles during and after pregnancy, in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus is a significant risk factor for metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease. Aims: To assess the relationships between components of the metabolic syndrome and cytokine and adhesion molecule levels in women with GDM during pregnancy and after delivery. Patients and methods: A prospective case-control study on a sample of 126 pregnant women (63 with and 63 without gestational diabetes mellitus). In an intra-subject analysis, 41 women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus and 21 controls were re-assessed in the postpartum period. Clinical data and levels of cytokines and adhesion molecules were recorded during weeks 24-29 of pregnancy and 12 months after delivery. Results: In the postpartum period, there were significantly higher levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha in both cases and controls, and of adiponectin in controls. Cases showed higher leptin levels, with no significant differences during and after pregnancy. No significant differences were seen in adhesion molecules and interleukin-6 between cases and controls during pregnancy and in the postpartum period, but levels of both were higher in cases. During pregnancy and after delivery, adiponectin decreased in cases and increased in controls. Significant positive correlations were seen between adiponectin and fasting blood glucose levels and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, and also between leptin and tumor necrosis factor alpha levels. Conclusions: The results suggest that increased inflammation and transient hyperglycemia during pregnancy would represent a latent form of metabolic syndrome, with an increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and future cardiovascular disease. (C) 2017 SEEN. Published by Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. All rights reserved.
ADVERSE MATERNAL AND PERINATAL OUTCOMES IN GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS; Introduction: Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for many other health concerns with short and long-term implications for both mother and child. They are at higher risk for glucose-mediated macrosomia, hypertension, birth trauma, respiratory distress, hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia with increased neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admissions. Postpartum complications include obesity and impaired glucose tolerance in the offspring and diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the mothers. Objectives: To study the incidence of maternal and fetal co-morbidities associated with GDM. Materials and Methods: This is a retrospective observational study where cases with GDM were analyzed for maternal and fetal complications. Results: 189 cases were detected to be Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, out of which 63.49% cases developed co-morbidities with GDM. 11.11% cases developed preeclampsia, 9.52% had polyhydramnios, 5.8% patients went into preterm labour, 3 cases had Antepartum Haemorrhage and one case had Postpartum Haemorrhage. 19.57% cases developed macrosomia, hypoglycemia was seen in 7.40% babies and hyperbilirubinemia in 3.70% babies. 6 Intra Uterine Deaths and 2 still borns were documented. Conclusion: GDM is a condition which is worth monitoring and treating, since it has been demonstrated that good metabolic control maintained throughout gestation can reduce maternal and fetal complications.
Pregnancy-Induced Hypertension, But Not Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Is a Risk Factor for Venous Thromboembolism in Pregnancy; Background and Objectives: The aim of this study was to identify the association of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with the development of venous thromboembolism (VTE). Subjects and Methods: This was a retrospective study of 57,009 pregnancies during 2002-2008 at Cheil General Hospital, Kwandong University. The diagnosis of VTE {deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism (PE)} was based on clot visualization via ultrasound or computed tomography. Results: In total, 27 cases (PE, 20 cases) were detected. The incidence of VTE was 0.47 per 1,000 pregnancies. To determine risk factors associated with pregnancy-induced VTE, univariate analysis using a chi-square test was performed. Cesarean (C)-section, multiple pregnancy, PIH, placenta previa, and assisted reproduction technique (ART) were statistically significant compared to the controls (all, p=0.000). However, age, premature rupture of membrane, and GDM were not statistically related to VTE. Logistic regression analysis was used to calculate the odds ratios for the risk factors. Placenta previa showed a 12.6-fold higher risk, while PIH had a 9.8-fold higher risk for the occurrence of VTE. C-section and ART procedures increased the risk of VTE by 4.2 times compared to that of the controls. Conclusion: Placenta previa and PIH were significant risk factors for VTE, whereas the known traditional risk factors of increased age and GDM were not found to be associated with VTE.
Autonomic modulation in gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims: The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and positional aortocaval compression on cardiovascular autonomic nervous system (ANS) function in late pregnancy. Methods: Pregnant women with (n = 31) and without (n = 12) GDM were evaluated at 30-35 weeks gestation and 2-3 months postpartum. Measures of ANS function included power spectral analysis (performed sitting) and RR-variation during deep breathing (performed supine). Time-related changes (late pregnancy versus 2-3 months postpartum) for measurements of cardiovascular ANS function were analyzed using multivariate analysis of variance for repeated measures. Results: Baseline characteristics were similar for both groups. Comparing ANS measures for GDM + versus GDM women during pregnancy and postpartum revealed no significant differences. Time related changes indicated that during late pregnancy total spectral power, low frequency (LF) power, high frequency (HF) power, and RR-variation during deep breathing were significantly reduced (p < 0.001 for all). The LF/HF ratio, however, was not significantly affected during late pregnancy (p = 0.678). Conclusions: Our results suggest decreased activity in both branches of the ANS during mid-third trimester pregnancy, but no significant change in sympathovagal balance. Aortocaval compression appears to affect ANS function whether tests were performed sitting or supine for GDM + and GDM - women. (c) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The correlation of fetal cardiac function with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and oxidative stress levels; Background: The primary objective of this study was to compare the fetal cardiac performance index (Tei index) between the fetuses of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers and non-GDM mothers; and the secondary objective was to compare various other parameters of fetal cardiac function as well as maternal oxidative stress levels between the groups of GDM and non-GDM mothers. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted on pregnant women at 24-28 weeks of gestation. All of the participants underwent 100 g, 3-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) as a diagnostic test for GDM and were categorized as non-GDM and GDM group. All participants had fetal echocardiography performed for cardiac function, and then maternal blood samples were collected for biomarker measurements. Results: A total of 80 pregnant women, including 43 in the GDM group and 37 in the non-GDM group, were included in the study. The maternal serum 8-isoprostane (8IsoP), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin (IL)-10 levels were significantly higher in the GDM group than those in the non-GDM group (P: 0.028, P: 0.019 and P: 0.031, respectively). The fetal cardiac function parameters were not significantly different between the two groups. Regardless of the GDM status, the fetuses with high levels of oxidative stress (8Isop >= 1000 pg/mg protein) had a significantly higher rate of impaired shortening fraction (SF) of the left ventricle (P: 0.001). Conclusion: GDM is significantly associated with an increase in the oxidative stress process, and a high level of oxidative stress was significantly associated with left ventricular (LV) function impairment. Though a correlation between GDM and fetal cardiac function impairment was not clearly demonstrated in this study, this study suggests that GDM patients with a high level of oxidative stress should be evaluated for fetal cardiac function.
Fetal echocardiography changes of the right ventricle of well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus; BackgroundThere is few evidence of right ventricular (RV) function in fetuses with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Therefore, the aim of this study was to assess the RV function of fetuses using routine and two-dimensional speckle-tracking echocardiography (2D STE) to determine the effects of well-controlled GDM in the third trimester.MethodsWe used a Philips Epiq7C ultrasound instrument to obtain RV data sets from 63 subjects from July 2019 to February 2022. We compared the free wall thickness (FWT), fractional area change (FAC), Tei index (TEI), tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) and free wall longitudinal strain(FWLS)of the RV in mothers with well-controlled GDM and normal gestational age-matched fetuses.Results63 third trimester fetuses (32 GDM; 31 healthy controls) met the enrolment criteria. Significant differences in fetal RV were detected between the GDM and control groups for the FAC (36.35 +/- 6.19 vs. 41.59 +/- 9.11; P = 0.008) and the FWLS (-18.28 +/- 4.23 vs. -20.98 +/- 5.49; P = 0.021). There was a significant difference among the segmental strains of the base, middle and apex of the RV free wall in the healthy controls (P = 0.003), but in the GDM group, there was no statistical difference (p = 0.076). RV FWLS had a strong correlation with FAC (r = 0.467; P = 0.0002).ConclusionsIn well-controlled GDM, there was measurable fetal RV hypertrophy and significant systolic function decline, indicating the presence of ventricular remodeling and dysfunction. 2D-STE can evaluate the RV free wall contraction in a more comprehensive way.
Network construction revealed that gestational diabetes mellitus may lead to congenital heart disease via potential lncRNAs-miRNAs regulating PPARγ; Background: congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most common birth defect. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) induces a pro-inflammatory environment in the uterus which makes it difficult for the placenta, fetus, and embryo to develop properly. Despite the progress in underlying physiological knowledge, the knowledge of molecular mechanisms of potential connection of metabolic conditions to CHD is limited. This study aimed to mine potential regulatory missing links between GDM and CHD. Methods: We constructed a network based on 914 differentially expressed mRNAs obtained from public GEO datasets analysis of cardiac differentiation and their regulatory miRNAs, predicted via complementarity algorithms and lncRNAs acquired from disease-associated databases. Furthermore, we compared the revealed gene set with reported RNA-seq results regarding Heart failure and Diabetes. Also, protein-protein interactions, particularly with PPAR., were obtained from String database and visualized in Cytoscape v3.6.1. We finally mined the literature according to the applications of the revealed data. Results: The final resulted ncRNAs network consisted of 55 mRNAs, 13 miRNAs, and 7 lncRNAs. Gene Ontology and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes pathway analysis showed two conserved miRNAs in this network comprising miR-27a-3p and miR-130b-3p, primarily enriched in insulin resistance, AGE-RAGE signaling, and adrenergic signaling pathways. In addition, the screened key lncRNAs Jpx, Meg3, Xist, H19, and Mir17hg were potential regulators of diabetes-associated genes involved in Glycolysis/Gluconeogenesis and insulin signaling pathways. Retrospective literature mining showed the potential of AGE-RAGE manipulation in the nutrigenomics area according to PPAR. application. Besides, RNA-seq reports confirmed that some of our identified genes and mechanisms were involved in Heart failure and Diabetes biomarkers. Conclusion: Our findings are some of the first to show a potential axis through which GDM could lead to CHD via metabolism-associated noncoding networks. PPAR. may mediate the effects of this noncoding network on cardiac differentiation and shed light on the road of nutrigenomics consultations for GDM patients.
Circulating Pro-Neurotensin in gestational diabetes mellitus; Background and aims: Pro-Neurotensin (NT), a stable surrogate parameter of NT, has recently been introduced as a peptide predicting the development of obesity, diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases, and cardiovascular mortality. However, regulation of Pro-NT in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains uninvestigated. Methods and results: Pro-NT was quantified in 74 women with GDM, 74 healthy, gestational age-matched, pregnant controls, as well as in a second cohort comprising of 74 healthy, non-pregnant control women, using a chemiluminometric sandwich immunoassay. Pro-NT was correlated to measures of obesity, hypertension, glucose and lipid metabolism, renal function, and inflammation. Mean standard deviation of circulating Pro-NT levels were not significantly different in women with GDM (100.2 +/- 75.7 pmol/1) as compared to healthy, pregnant controls (103.2 +/- 37.4 pmol/1) and healthy, non-pregnant female controls (105.9 +/- 38.9 pmol/1) (p = 0.661). Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and creatinine positively correlated with serum Pro-NT in multivariate regression analysis. In contrast, free fatty acids (FFA) were inversely correlated with circulating Pro-NT. Results sustained adjustment for pregnancy status. Conclusions: Circulating Pro-NT is not independently associated with GDM, but is with HOMA-IR, creatinine, and FFA even after adjustment for pregnancy status. (C) 2018 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Future Risk of Atherosclerosis in Mid-life: The Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults Study; Background-History of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases lifetime risk of type 2 diabetes (DM) and the metabolic syndrome (MetS), which increase risk of cardiovascular disease. It is unclear, however, whether GDM increases risk of early atherosclerosis independent of pre-pregnancy obesity and subsequent metabolic disease. Methods and Results-Of 2787 women (18 to 30 years) enrolled in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study, we studied 898 (47% black) who were free of DM and heart disease at baseline (1985-1986), delivered >= 1 post-baseline births, reported GDM history, and had common carotid intima media thickness (ccIMT, mm) measured in 2005-2006. We used multivariable linear regression to assess associations between GDM and ccIMT adjusted for race, age, parity, and pre-pregnancy cardiometabolic risk factors. We assessed mediators (weight gain, insulin resistance, blood pressure), and effect modification by incident DM or MetS during the 20-year period. Of the 898 women, 119 (13%) reported GDM (7.6 per 100 deliveries). Average age was 31 at last birth and 44 at ccIMT measurement for GDM and non-GDM groups. Unadjusted mean ccIMT was 0.023 mm higher for GDM than non-GDM groups (P=0.029), but pre-pregnancy BMI attenuated the difference to 0.016 mm (P=0.109). In 777 women without subsequent DM or the MetS, mean ccIMT was 0.023 mm higher for GDM versus non-GDM groups controlling for race, age, parity, and pre-pregnancy BMI (0.784 versus 0.761, P=0.039). Addition of pre-pregnancy insulin resistance index had minimal impact on adjusted mean net ccIMT difference (0.22 mm). Mean ccIMT did not differ by GDM status among 121 women who developed DM or the MetS (P=0.58). Conclusions-History of GDM may be a marker for early atherosclerosis independent of pre-pregnancy obesity among women who have not developed type 2 diabetes or the metabolic syndrome.
Gestational diabetes mellitus in mothers and long term cardiovascular disease in both parents: Results of over a decade follow-up of the Iranian population; Background and aims: We aimed at evaluating whether the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in mothers is associated with increased risk of incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) in both mothers and fathers. Methods: In this population-based study, 4308 Iranian women, aged 18-64 years, with at least 1 live-birth delivery, and free of CVD at baseline, were followed. Corresponding spouses were identified in 2547 cases. The association between history of GDM and incident CVD was assessed using multivariate Cox's proportional hazard in 3 models: model 1, unadjusted; model 2, adjusted for age, body mass index, smoking (for men), maternal parity, miscarriage, physical activity, hypertension and hypercholesterolemia, and model 3, further adjusted for diabetes mellitus. Results: After a median follow-up of 14.1 years, 314 mothers and 424 fathers experienced CVD. Women with history of GDM had an adjusted hazard ratio (HR), 95% CI of 1.85 (1.38-2.48) and 1.29 (0.96-1.75) for CVD in models 1 and 2, respectively. Furthermore, an independent association with CVD was observed in fathers with an adjusted HR of 1.35 (1.02-1.79) in the confounder adjusted model and even after further controlling for diabetes [1.36 (1.03-1.80)]. Moreover, all traditional risk factors, excluding BMI, showed an independent risk for CVD in both genders. Conclusions: Women with prior GDM showed an increased risk of CVD that was not independent of important CVD risk factors. However, among men, spousal history of GDM was an independent risk factor for incident CVD, even after considering important traditional risk factors, including diabetes.
A systematic review of metabolite profiling in gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes during, as well as subsequent to, pregnancy, including increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Because of the importance of early risk stratification in preventing these complications, improved first-trimester biomarker determination for diagnosing gestational diabetes would enhance our ability to optimise both maternal and fetal health. Metabolomic profiling, the systematic study of small molecule products of biochemical pathways, has shown promise in the identification of key metabolites associated with the pathogenesis of several metabolic diseases, including gestational diabetes. This article provides a systematic review of the current state of research on biomarkers and gestational diabetes and discusses the clinical relevance of metabolomics in the prediction, diagnosis and management of gestational diabetes. We conducted a systematic search of MEDLINE (PubMed) up to the end of February 2014 using the key term combinations of 'metabolomics,' 'metabonomics,' 'nuclear magnetic spectroscopy,' 'mass spectrometry,' 'metabolic profiling' and 'amino acid profile' combined (AND) with 'gestational diabetes'. Additional articles were identified through searching the reference lists from included studies. Quality assessment of included articles was conducted through the use of QUADOMICS. This systematic review included 17 articles. The biomarkers most consistently associated with gestational diabetes were asymmetric dimethylarginine and NEFAs. After QUADOMICS analysis, 13 of the 17 included studies were classified as 'high quality'. Existing metabolomic studies of gestational diabetes present inconsistent findings regarding metabolite profile characteristics. Further studies are needed in larger, more racially/ethnically diverse populations.
Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with greater incidence of dementia during long-term post-partum follow-up; BackgroundThe impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on incident dementia is unknown. Our aim was to evaluate the relationship between GDM and all-cause dementia and the mediating effects of chronic diseases on this relationship.MethodsThis prospective cohort study included women from the UK Biobank who were grouped based on GDM history. Multivariate Cox proportional hazard models were used to explore the associations between GDM and dementia. We further analysed the mediating effects of chronic diseases on this relationship and the interactions of covariates.ResultsA total of 1292 women with and 204,171 women without a history of GDM were included. During a median follow-up period of 45 years after first birth, 2921 women were diagnosed with dementia. Women with a GDM history had a 67% increased risk of incident dementia (hazard ratio 1.67, 95% confidence interval: 1.03-2.69) compared with those without a GDM history. According to mediation analyses, type 2 diabetes, coronary heart disease, chronic kidney disease and comorbidities (diagnosed with any two of the three diseases) explained 34.5%, 8.4%, 5.2% and 18.8% of the mediating effect on the relationship. Subgroup analyses revealed that physical activity modified the association between GDM history and dementia (p for interaction = 0.030). Among physically inactive women, GDM was significantly associated with incident dementia; however, this association was not observed among physically active women.ConclusionsA history of GDM was associated with a greater risk of incident dementia. Type 2 diabetes partially mediated this relationship. Strategies for dementia prevention might be considered for women with a history of GDM. image
Evaluation of serum ischemia-modified albumin levels in pregnant women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus; To investigate serum ischemia-modified albumin (IMA) levels in gestational diabetes mellitus and the effect of treatment with continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion on the biomarker. Methods. The gestational diabetes mellitus women in the second trimester were evaluated before and after the two kinds of treatments with continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion and medical nutrition therapy for 6 weeks. Maternal serum ischemia-modified albumin and metabolic parameters were measured at baseline and at the 6th week. Results. Serum ischemia-modified albumin levels and metabolic parameters were higher in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus at baseline than in controls. Ischemia-modified albumin levels were correlated with plasma glucose (p < 0.05). Variables of glycemic control and ischemia-modified albumin levels were significantly reduced at the 6th week. The effect of insulin treatment was generally better than diet therapy. Linear regression analysis showed that fasting plasma glucose was an independent determinant for IMA levels (beta = 0.611, p = 0.035). Fetal outcome was similar except for macrosomia and Apgar score at 5 min. Conclusion. Serum ischemia-modified albumin levels were higher in gestational diabetes mellitus compared to normal pregnancy. Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion consistently improved metabolic disorder control. Gestational diabetes mellitus women were associated to a higher risk of oxidative stress and pregnancy complications.
Maternal cardiac function at 19-23 weeks' gestation in prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives To examine differences in maternal cardiovascular indices at 19-23 weeks' gestation between pregnancies that develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and those without GDM, and to determine whether such cardiovascular changes are the consequence of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history or the GDM per se. Methods This was a prospective observational study in women attending for a routine hospital visit at 19 + 1 to 23 + 3 weeks' gestation. This visit included recording of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history, and maternal echocardiography for assessment of E/A ratio, E/e ' ratio, myocardial performance index, global longitudinal systolic strain, left ventricular ejection fraction, peripheral vascular resistance, left ventricular cardiac output and left ventricular mass indexed for body surface area. The measurements of the maternal cardiac indices were standardized to remove the effects of maternal characteristics and elements from the medical history, and the adjusted values in the GDM group were compared to those in the non-GDM group. Likelihood ratios were derived for those indices that were altered significantly in GDM, and these were used to modify the prior risk derived from maternal demographic characteristics and medical history. The area under the receiver-operating-characteristics curve and the detection rate of GDM, at 10%, 20% and 40% false-positive rates, in screening by a combination of maternal factors with cardiovascular indices were determined. Results The study population of 2853 pregnancies contained 199 (7.0%) that developed GDM. In pregnancies that developed GDM, there were significant differences from the non-GDM group in E/A ratio, E/e ' ratio, myocardial performance index and global longitudinal systolic strain. After adjustment for maternal demographic characteristics and factors from the medical history known to affect cardiac indices, the only cardiovascular indices that were significantly different between the GDM and non-GDM groups were peripheral vascular resistance and myocardial performance index, both of which were marginally increased in the GDM group. The performance of screening for GDM by maternal demographic characteristics and medical history was not improved by the addition of cardiovascular indices. Conclusions Women with GDM have subtle functional and hemodynamic cardiac changes prior to the development of GDM. These cardiac changes are mostly related to the adverse risk-factor profile of these women. Maternal cardiac assessment at 20 weeks does not offer additional predictive information for GDM development in pregnancy to that calculated based on demographic characteristics and medical history. Copyright (c) 2021 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
ECG Body Surface Mapping in Patients With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Optimal Metabolic Compensation; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for cardiovascular diseases (CVD) events compared with women without GDM. The aim of the present study was to evaluate 200 parameters of the heart electric field in 35 women with GDM under optimal glycemic compensation compared to 32 healthy pregnant women. All examinations were performed in the 36th week of gestation. The parameters in ECG body surface mapping (BSM) were registered by the diagnostic system Cardiag 112.2. The absolute values of maximum and minimum in depolarization and repolarization isopotential, isointegral and isoarea maps were not significantly different between the groups. These findings correspond to the result of heart rate variability examination. However BSM revealed the significant prolongation of QRS complex (p=0.05), shortening of ventricular myocardial activation time (ICHVAT) (p=0.01), prolongation of mean QT duration (p=0.01) and increase of QT interval dispersion (p=0.01) in women with GDM. Duration of QRS and ICHVAT significantly correlated with interventricular septum and posterior wall thickness in GDM group, QTd interval correlated significantly with HbA1C level. We conclude that despite of optimal metabolic control several significant abnormalities detected by ECG BSM are still present in patients with GDM.
Health impacts of new-onset diabetes in women post-gestational diabetes mellitus: Insights from Hong Kong's territory-wide data; Aims/IntroductionTo determine the population health burden attributable to the development of diabetes among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).Materials and MethodsWe conducted a retrospective analysis of women with a history of GDM attending the Hong Kong Hospital Authority between 2000 and 2019. The time-varying population attributable fraction was calculated.ResultsA total of 76,181 women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus were included, 6,606 of them developed diabetes during a median follow-up of 8.6 years. The respective hazard ratios (95% confidence interval) among women with GDM who developed diabetes vs those with GDM only were 2.8 (2.2, 3.7) for cardiovascular disease (CVD), 4.8 (3.0, 7.7) for end-stage kidney disease (ESKD), 2.2 (1.9, 2.6) for infection-related hospitalization, and 1.8 (1.3, 2.4) for all-cause mortality. The development of diabetes was associated with 1.3 (0.8, 1.7), 0.6 (0.3, 0.8), 3.2 (2.4, 4.0), and 0.5 (0.2, 0.9) additional incident cases per 1,000 person-years, accounting for 24.0% (13.2%, 35.9%), 42.0% (22.5%, 58.8%), 10.8% (7.1%, 14.9%), and 6.0% (-3.1%, 16.1%) of absolute number of CVD, ESKD, infection-related hospitalization, and all-cause mortality over 20 years after GDM, respectively.ConclusionsDiabetes is a significant contributor to the population health burden of some clinical outcomes in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, but other risk factors need to be considered. In this population-based cohort of Chinese women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, we found that the subsequent development of diabetes in women with GDM increased the hazards of cardiovascular and kidney diseases by 3- to 5-fold, infection-related hospitalization and all-cause mortality by 2-fold, and cancer by 20%. By 20 years post-GDM, diabetes accounted for close to one half of the new cases of end-stage kidney disease and one quarter of cardiovascular disease. Our results indicate that diabetes is an important contributor to selected clinical events in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus although other risk factors need to be considered. image
Use of Fetal Echocardiography for Characterization of Fetal Cardiac Structure in Women With Normal Pregnancies and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objectives-To assess fetal cardiac structure and function and to evaluate the efficacy of routine fetal echocardiography for detection of fetal cardiac abnormalities in women with normal pregnancies and those with gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods-In this prospective study, we studied fetal cardiac structure and function in 294 uncomplicated singleton pregnancies and 302 pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes. Fetal echocardiography (2-dimensional sonography and pulsed wave Doppler imaging) was used to assess functional parameters and to detect any cardiac structural abnormality. Data from clinical and echocardiographic evaluations of neonates at birth and 3 months were obtained to confirm the antenatal findings. Results-The mean maternal age +/- SD was 28.9 +/- 5.0 years in the diabetes group and was comparable to that of women with normal pregnancies. The mean hemoglobin A(1c) value was 6.3%, and the mean body mass index was 28.0 kg/m(2). The systolic function as assessed by the ejection fraction increased significantly in the diabetes group compared to the normal pregnancy group independent of glycemic control (P < .001). The pulsed wave parameters (early diastolic peak flow velocity and early-to-late diastolic peak flow velocity ratio) were significantly different between the groups (P < .001). The interventricular septum and fetal ventricular wall thicknesses were significantly increased in the presence of gestational diabetes (P < .001). No major fetal cardiac structural anomaly was detected in either group. On follow-up after delivery, all neonates were assessed clinically and by transthoracic echocardiography to rule out congenital defects. Conclusions-In our study, significant increases in the interventricular septum and ventricular wall thicknesses were detected in the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus. Interestingly, none of the neonates of pregnant women with gestational diabetes were found to have echocardiographic evidence of congenital heart disease.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk after pregnancy; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects many women in pregnancy and is enhanced by epidemic conditions of obesity, increasing age at the time of the first pregnancy, stressful life conditions, a sedentary lifestyle with less physical activity and unhealthy nutrition with highly processed, high-calorie food intake. GDM does not affect the mother and offspring in pregnancy alone, as there is compelling evidence of the long-term effects of the hyperglycemic state in pregnancy postpartum. Type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome are more common in GDM women, and even the offspring of GDM women are reported to have higher obesity rates and a higher risk for noncommunicable diseases. Early prevention of risk factors seems to be key to overcoming the vicious cycle of cardiometabolic disease onset.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and development of intergenerational overall and subtypes of cardiovascular diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis; ObjectiveWe aimed to summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and its intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) impacts in both mothers and offspring post-delivery in existing literature.MethodsPubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Scopus were utilized for searching publications between January 1980 and June 2024, with data extraction and meta-analysis continuing until 31 July 2024. Based on a predefined PROSPERO protocol, studies published as full-length, English-language journal articles that reported the presence of GDM during pregnancy and its association with any CVD development post-delivery were selected. All studies were evaluated using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Maximally adjusted risk estimates were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis to assess the risk ratio (RR) of GDM, and overall and subtypes of CVDs in both mothers and offspring post-delivery.ResultsThe meta-analysis was based on 38 studies with a total of 77,678,684 participants. The results showed a 46% increased risk (RR 1.46, 95% CI 1.34-1.59) for mothers and a 23% increased risk (1.23, 1.05-1.45) for offspring of developing overall CVDs after delivery, following a GDM-complicated pregnancy. Our subgroup analysis revealed that mothers with a history of GDM faced various risks (20% to 2-fold) of developing different subtypes of CVDs, including cerebrovascular disease, coronary artery disease, heart failure, and venous thromboembolism.ConclusionsThese findings underscore the heightened risk of developing various CVDs for mothers and offspring affected by GDM, emphasizing the importance of preventive measures even right after birth to mitigate the burden of CVDs in these populations.
History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Relation to Cardiovascular Disease and Cardiovascular Risk Factors in US Women; Background: Findings from previous studies examining the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) have been inconsistent and inconclusive. We aimed to examine the associations of a previous history of GDM with risk of CVD and status of cardiovascular risk factors in a nationwide population-based study in the United States. Methods: This study included 8,127 parous women aged 20 years or older in the 2007-2014 cycles of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey in the United States. The exposure was self-reported diagnostic history of GDM and the outcomes were self-reported diagnostic history of CVD and measurements of cardiovascular risk factors, including blood pressure and blood lipids. Regression models with sample weights were used to examine the associations of GDM with CVD and cardiovascular risk factors. Results: Among women with a history of both GDM and CVD, CVD was diagnosed on average 22.9 years after the diagnosis of GDM. After adjustment for demographic, socioeconomic, and lifestyle factors, a history of GDM was associated with 63% higher odds of CVD [odds ratio (OR) 1.63, 95% confidence interval (Cl) 1.02, 2.62, p-value = 0.04]. Further adjustment for body mass index (BMI) modestly attenuated the association (OR 1.52, 95% Cl 0.95, 2.44, p-value = 0.08). A history of GDM was significantly associated with lower serum level of HDL-cholesterol (adjusted beta-coefficient -3.33, 95% Cl-5.17, -1.50, p-value <= 0.001), but not associated with total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, or systolic or diastolic blood pressure. Similarly, the association between a history of GDM and HDL cholesterol was attenuated after additional adjustment for BMI (adjusted beta-coefficient-1.68, 95% Cl-3.38, 0.03, p-value = 0.54). Conclusion: Women with a previous history of GDM have significantly higher risk for developing CVD and lower serum level of HDL cholesterol, compared to women without a history of GDM. The associations may be explained, at least partly, by BMI.
Lipid peroxidation and vitamin E status in gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: To investigate any correlation between plasma levels of lipid peroxides, antioxidant nutrient (alpha-tocopherol) and oxidized high-density lipoprotein (HDL) in patients with gestational diabetes and those with a normal pregnancy and the incidence of pre-eclampsia. Methods: Sixty pregnant women attending an antenatal clinic were recruited for the study and were divided into two groups. Thirty women with gestational diabetes mellitus were recruited in the study group. The glucose-tolerance-test criteria, using 100 g of glucose taken orally, as laid down by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (1994) for diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus was used. Thirty gestation-matched pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance test results were recruited as controls. A 10 mL venous blood sample was collected from each subject at the time of recruitment and thereafter at 4 week intervals until the time of delivery. Samples were analyzed for malondialdehyde thiobarbituric acid reactive, oxidized HDL-cholesterol and alpha-tocopherol. The incidence of pre-eclampsia and its correlation with antioxidant and lipid peroxide levels were compared in both the groups. Results: Ten subjects out of 30 in the study group and three subjects out of 30 in the control group developed pre-eclampsia. The incidence of preterm labor in both the groups was same (16.66%). The mean lipid peroxide level was lower in the study group at recruitment and later the levels kept falling, whereas levels of alpha-tocopherol and oxidized-HDL were higher in the study group and kept on rising at follow up. Conclusion: Gestational diabetes is not associated with increased levels of lipid peroxides and decreased levels of alpha-tocopherol.
Early manifestation of cardiovascular disease risk factors in offspring of mothers with previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus; This study investigated the long-term adverse effects of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in offspring. A total of 298 offspring (202 offspring of GDM mothers and 96 offspring of mothers with impaired glucose tolerance [IGT]) participated in the study. CVD risk factors included elevated body mass index (BMI), skinfold thickness, body fat, blood pressure, lipid profiles, and glucose values measured with a 2 h oral glucose tolerance test. The BMI of offspring >= 5 years of age of GDM mothers was significantly higher than that of offspring of mothers with IGT when analysed according to age. In offspring of GDM mothers, CVD risk factors were positively correlated with age, except for lipid profiles. A significant negative relationship between age and BMI was observed in offspring of IGT mothers. The slope of the linear regression lines for BMI and fasting plasma insulin levels with age were significantly steeper for the offspring of GDM mothers than for those of IGT mothers. We conclude that childhood obesity, as well as altered glucose metabolism influenced by the maternal uterine environment, is more likely with advancing years in the offspring of GDM mothers than in the offspring of IGT mothers. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: Taking it to heart; Globally, cardiovascular disease (CVD) accounts for 1/3 of all deaths to women. While much research identifies the increased risk in CVD associated with pre-diabetes measurements, there is growing interest in the role of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-a condition of glucose intolerance diagnosed during pregnancy-as a potential CVD risk factor. This article reviews existing evidence supporting this association, particularly regarding GDM and type 2 diabetes, hypertension, atherogenic dyslipedmia, and CVD events. Finally, it discusses the research and clinical ramifications of identifying GDM as a CVD risk factor, highlighting the need for more rigorous research on this topic. (C) 2010 Primary Care Diabetes Europe. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Who returns for postpartum glucose screening following gestational diabetes mellitus?; OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to determine the prevalence of postpartum impaired glucose regulation (IGR) and factors associated with glucose screening following gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective cohort study of 707 women with GDM who delivered at the University Hospital (San Antonio, TX). RESULTS: A total of 35.5% of 400 women with any postpartum glucose testing had IGR postpartum, and 40.6% of 288 women who completed an oral glucose tolerance test had IGR, one-third of whom had isolated elevated 2-hour glucose levels. Women who failed to return for postpartum glucose testing (n = 307) were more likely to report prior GDM, have higher diagnostic glucose levels, and require insulin during pregnancy than women who returned for postpartum glucose testing. CONCLUSION: Women who returned for postpartum glucose testing had less severe GDM than women who failed to return, suggesting that the true prevalence of postpartum IGR may be even higher than identified in our population.
Evaluating the Causal Effects of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Heart Disease, and High Body Mass Index on Maternal Alzheimer's Disease and Dementia: Multivariable Mendelian Randomization; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), heart disease (HD) and high body mass index (BMI) are strongly related to Alzheimer's disease (AD) dementia in pregnant women. Therefore, we aimed to determine the total effects of GDM, heart disease, and high BMI on maternal AD dementia.Methods: We used data from the genome-wide association studies of European populations including more than 30,000 participants. We performed two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) and multivariable MR (MVMR) to systematically estimate the direct effects of GDM, HD, and high BMI on maternal AD and dementia. Multiple sensitivity analyses involving classical MR approaches and expanded MR-pleiotropy residual sum and outlier analysis.Results: In two-sample MR analysis, the inverse-variance weighted method in our study demonstrated no significant causality between GDM and maternal dementia (beta = -0.006 +/- 0.0026, p = 0.82). This method also revealed no significant causality between high BMI and maternal dementia (beta = 0.0024 +/- 0.0043, p = 0.57), and it was supported by the MR-Egger regression results, which showed no causal effect of high BMI on maternal Alzheimer's disease and dementia (beta = 0.0027 +/- 0.0096, p = 0.78). The IVW method showed no significant causal relationship between maternal HD and maternal Alzheimer's disease and dementia (beta = -0.05 +/- 0.0042, p = 0.117) and MR-Egger regression analysis gave a similar result (beta = -0.12 +/- 0.0060, p = 0.079). In MVMR analysis, we found no significant causal relationship between GDM, high BMI, or HD and maternal Alzheimer's disease and dementia (p = 0.94, 0.82, and 0.13, respectively). Thus, the MVMR estimates were consistent with our results from the two-sample MR analysis. We confirmed that these results showed no horizontal pleiotropy and enhanced the robustness of our results through multiple sensitivity analyses.Conclusion: In two-sample MR analysis, we found no significant causal relationship between GDM, HD, high BMI and maternal AD and dementia. These results differed from previous observational studies showing HD is a significant predictor of dementia. MVMR analysis supported no significant causal relationship between GDM, HD, high BMI and maternal AD and dementia. Sensitivity analysis broadly increased the robustness of two-sample MR and MVMR analysis results.
Early onset of subclinical atherosclerosis in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective Common carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT) is a non-invasively assessed marker of subclinical atherosclerosis. Our aim in this study was to investigate CIMT in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods Thirty women with GDM and 40 unaffected women (as a control group) were included in the study. Blood samples were drawn from each woman in the morning after they had fasted for at least 8 h, and levels of fasting glucose, insulin, homocysteine, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol were measured, along with the CIMT in the two groups. Results The mean triglyceride (P = 0.016) and VLDL cholesterol (P = 0.011) levels in the GDM group were significantly higher than those in the unaffected women. There were no significant differences between the groups with respect to plasma levels of total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and insulin. The mean homocysteine (P = 0.027) and fasting glucose (P = 0.019) levels in women with GDM were significantly higher than those in the control group. Patients with GDM bad significantly higher CIMT than did the unaffected women (0.582 +/- 0.066 mm vs. 0.543 +/- 0.049 mm, P = 0.006). CIMT correlated positively with maternal age (r = 0.316, P = 0.008), body mass index (BMI) at the time of a 50-g oral glucose load test (r = 0.414, P = 0.001) and homocysteine levels (r = 0.332, P = 0.008), and fasting glucose (r = 0.265, P = 0.031) and 1-h glucose value (r = 0.410, P = 0.001) at the time of the oral glucose tolerance test. There was a positive correlation between the presence of GDM and CIMT (r = 0.372, P = 0.001). However, stepwise multiple regression analysis showed that GDM/no GDM (95% Cl +0.012 to +0.076, P = 0.008) and BMI at the time of the 50-g test (95% CI + 0.001 to + 0.009, P = 0.011) were independent parameters related to CIMT. Conclusion Women with GDM have increased CIMT compared with unaffected women. Copyright (c) 2006 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Some thoughts on the vasculopathy of women with ischemic heart disease; Considerable experimental and clinical data indicate that sex has an important influence on cardiovascular physiology and pathology. This report integrates selected literature with new data from the Women's Ischemia Syndrome Evaluation (WISE) on vascular findings in women with ischemic heart disease (IHD) and how these findings differ from those in men. A number of common vascular disease-related conditions are either unique to (e.g., hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, peripartum dissection, polycystic ovarian syndrome, etc.) or more frequent (e.g., migraine, coronary spasm, lupus, vasculitis, Raynaud's phenemenon, etc.) in women than men. Post-menopausal women more frequently have many traditional vascular disease risk conditions (e.g., hypertension, diabetes, obesity, inactivity, and so on), and these conditions cluster more frequently in women than men. Considerable evidence supports the notion that, with these requisite conditions, women develop a more severe or somewhat different form of vascular disease than men. Structurally women's coronary vessels are smaller in size and appear to contain more diffuse atherosclerosis, their aortas are stiffer (fibrosis, remodeling, and so on), and their microvessels appear to be more frequently dysfunctional compared with men. Functionally, women's vessels frequently show impaired vasodilator responses. Limitations of existing data and higher risks in women with acute myocardial infarction, need for revascularization, or heart failure create uncertainty, about management. A better understanding of these findings should provide direction for new algorithms to improve management of the vasculopathy underlying IHD in women.
Windows of Opportunity for Lifestyle Interventions to Prevent Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is linked with several acute maternal health risks and long-term development of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Intrauterine exposure to GDM similarly increases offspring risk of early-life health complications and later disease. GDM recurrence is common, affecting 40 to 73% of women, and augments associated maternal/fetal/child health risks. Modifiable and independent risk factors for GDM include maternal excessive gestational weight gain and prepregnancy overweight and obesity. Lifestyle interventions that target diet, activity, and behavioral strategies can effectively modify body weight. Randomized clinical trials testing the effects of lifestyle interventions during pregnancy to reduce excessive gestational weight gain have generally shown mixed effects on reducing GDM incidence. Trials testing the effects of postpartum lifestyle interventions among women with a history of GDM have shown reduced incidence of diabetes and improved cardiovascular disease risk factors. However, the long-term effects of interpregnancy or prepregnancy lifestyle interventions on subsequent GDM remain unknown. Future adequately powered and well-controlled clinical trials are needed to determine the effects of lifestyle interventions to prevent GDM and identify pathways to effectively reach reproductive-aged women across all levels of society, before, during, and after pregnancy.
Assessment of left ventricular systolic function in fetuses without myocardial hypertrophy of gestational diabetes mellitus mothers using velocity vector imaging; The aim of this study was to quantifiably assess left ventricular systolic function by velocity vector imaging (VVI) in fetuses without myocardial hypertrophy born to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers. Ventricular images (4-chamber) from 60 normal fetuses and 32 GDM fetuses were selected. Myocardial global and segmental peak strain and systolic strain rates were obtained from VVI offline software. Ejection fraction (EF) was also measured to assess fetal cardiac function. EF of normal fetuses and GDM group were 65.55 +/- 4.64% and 65.72 +/- 4.92%. No difference was found in EF between the control group and GDM group. Global strain and strain rate of GDM groups were -13.74 +/- 3.19% and -1.41 +/- 0.54 s(-1), respectively and were found to be lower than the normal group (p < 0.05). Six different segmental peak strains and peak systolic strain rates had identical adjacent segments not only in the control group, but also in GDM fetuses. It was concluded that VVI could reflect fetal cardiac function sensitivity. Global strain and strain rate may be useful parameters for assessing the fetal myocardial systolic function in diabetic mothers.
The Relationship between Coronary Flow Reserve and the TyG Index in Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background and Objectives: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prevalent metabolic disorder characterized by glucose intolerance during pregnancy. The triglyceride glucose (TyG) index, a marker of insulin resistance, and coronary flow reserve (CFR), a measure of coronary microvascular function, are emerging as potential indicators of cardiovascular risk. This study aims to investigate the association between CFR and the TyG index in GDM patients. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional study of 87 GDM patients and 36 healthy controls was conducted. The participants underwent clinical assessments, blood tests, and echocardiographic evaluations. The TyG index was calculated as ln(triglycerides x fasting glucose/2). CFR was measured using Doppler echocardiography during rest and hyperemia induced by dipyridamole. Results: The study included 87 individuals in the GDM group and 36 individuals in the control group. There was no significant difference in age between the two groups (34.1 +/- 5.3 years for GDM vs. 33.1 +/- 4.9 years for the control, p = 0.364). The TyG index was significantly higher in the GDM group compared to the controls (p < 0.001). CFR was lower in the GDM group (p < 0.001). A negative correlation between the TyG index and CFR was observed (r = -0.624, p < 0.001). Linear regression revealed the TyG index as an independent predictor of reduced CFR. Conclusions: The study findings reveal a significant association between the TyG index and CFR in GDM patients, suggesting their potential role in assessing cardiovascular risk.
QT Dispersion and Electrocardiographic Changes in Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents additional risks to both mother and infant. Moreover it increases a woman's risk of cardiovascular disease in the postpartum. The aim of our study was therefore to detect changes of both the QT dispersion and the electrical heart field that could be typical for GDM. Body surface potential maps were obtained using the Cardiac 112.2 device from 26 young women with GDM and 54 young healthy pregnant women in the 36th week of pregnancy. The same recordings were obtained from 18 healthy women in the same age (19-36 years). The average QT dispersion (+/- SD) in women suffering from GDM was significantly higher (107 +/- 25 ms) both than in those with physiological pregnancy (73 +/- 18 ms) and than in the normal subjects (34 +/- 12 ms) (P<0.001). Moreover we have found in GDM patients shorter QRS complex 82.0 +/- 6.8 ms vs. 89.5 +/- 8.2 ms in healthy pregnant women and 90.8 +/- 7.9 ms in the control group (p=0.011), more horizontal electrical heart axis [16.4 +/- 20.1 vs. 42.4 +/- 28.7 and 74.6 +/- 39.2 respectively (P<0.05)] and lower some depolarization and repolarization amplitudes on isopotential and isointegral maps. According to these results we suppose that described electrocardiographic changes reflect a deterioration of the complete process of ventricular depolarization and repolarization in GDM.
Extracellular vesicles and their role in gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complex disorder that is defined by glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy. The incidence of GDM is increasing worldwide. Pregnancies complicated with GDM have higher rates of maternal and fetal morbidity with short- and long-term consequences, including increased rates of cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes for both the mother and offspring. The pathophysiology of GDM still remains unclear and there has been interest in the role of small extracellular vesicles (sEVs) in the maternal metabolic adaptations that occur in pregnancy and GDM. Small EVs are nanosized particles that contain bioactive content, including miRNAs and proteins, which are released by cells to provide cell-to-cell communication. Pregnancy induces an increase in total and placental-secreted sEVs across gestation, with a further increase in sEV number and changes in the protein and miRNA composition of these sEVs in GDM. Research has suggested that these sEVs have an impact on maternal adaptations during pregnancy, including targeting the pancreas, skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. Consequently, this review will focus on the differences in total and placental sEVs in GDM compared to normal pregnancy, the role of sEVs in the pathophysiology of GDM and their clinical application as potential GDM biomarkers.
Blood pressure and lipid changes in gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE: It is suggested that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the earliest phase of DM. Nowadays DM is treated as a part of insulin resistance syndrome - patients with DM tend to be obese, dyslipidemic and hypertensive. It is postulated that similar abnormalities are found in GDM patients. METHODS: The study was conducted among 81 women with GDM and 41 healthy controls. After diagnosis or negative screening for GDM the women underwent 24-hour blood pressure monitoring and measurements of plasma lipids, insulin concentrations and insulin resistance (expressed by HOMA score). The incidence of gestational hypertension and blood pressure until delivery was also analyzed. RESULTS: 17 (21%) of GDM women and only I glucose tolerant control developed pregnancy induced hypertension. GDM women had significantly higher arterial pressure during the daytime and nighttime (accordingly 112.1/69.4 mmHg vs. 105.4/64.8 mmHg and 101.5/62.4 mmHg vs. 93.0/58.8 mmHg), although the average BP was within normal range. Heart rate was also faster in GDM group. Compared with healthy pregnant women, GDM patients had higher serum TG concentrations (247,9 vs 205 mg%; p<0,01), fasting insulin (66 vs 42,5 pmol/l; p<0,001) and insulin resistance (HOMA 2,15 vs 1,13; p<0,001). No correlation was found between blood pressure and insulin concentrations and insulin resistance among healthy and GDM women. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that symptoms of insulin resistance are present in GDM women. They are characterized by higher arterial blood pressure, heart rate, serum triglycerides, insulin and increased insulin resistance.
Adiponectin SNP45TG is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus; Diabetes and pregnancy can be associated in two ways: pregnancy that occurs in women who are already diabetic (diabetes of pre-gestational origin); and diabetes that occur in women who are already pregnant [gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (O'sullivan 1961)]. Patients with previous GDM history have higher risk of developing diabetes outside of pregnancy. Accumulating literature had suggested that adiponectin plays a role in the pathophysiology of this metabolic syndrome, and several of the common single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) in adiponectin gene have been identified in type 2 diabetes. Thus, one of the commonly found SNP was studied to determine its association with GDM. To identify the association of SNP45TG with GDM. This is a cross-sectional study involving pregnant mothers of < 18 gestational weeks, who were recruited from three local antenatal clinics in Selangor, Malaysia. Their genomic DNA was extracted from EDTA treated whole blood using commercialized kit. Adiponectin gene was amplified through conventional PCR and SNP was detected using restriction enzyme SmaI. Plasma adiponectin level, fructosamine level and HbA(1c) percentage were also examined. Among the 79 antenatal patients recruited, 53 patients were normal and 26 were diagnosed with GDM. Among the 53 normal patients, 18 carry TG/GG genotype. Meanwhile, among the 26 patients that were diagnosed with GDM 15 carry TG/GG genotype. Significant association was found between SNP45TG with GDM ( chi(2) = 4.038; P < 0.05). In addition, normal patients with TT genotype have significantly higher plasma adiponectin level compared to other groups. We concluded that SNP45TG in adiponectin gene is associated with the occurrence of GDM.
Review of gestational diabetes mellitus effects on vascular structure and function; Vascular dysfunction has been described in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. Furthermore, previous gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of developing Type 2 diabetes mellitus, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Factors contributing to vascular changes remain uncertain. The aim of this review was to summarize vascular structure and function changes found to occur in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and to identify factors that contribute to vascular dysfunction. A systematic search of electronic databases yielded 15 publications from 1998 to March 2014 that met the inclusion criteria. Our review confirmed that previous gestational diabetes mellitus contributes to vascular dysfunction, and the most consistent risk factor associated with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and vascular dysfunction was elevated body mass index. Heterogeneity existed across studies in determining the relationship of glycaemic levels and insulin resistance to vascular dysfunction.
The role of obesity and adipose tissue dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus is defined as diabetes diagnosed in the second or third trimester of pregnancy in patients with no history of diabetes prior to gestation. It is the most common complication of pregnancy. The underlying pathophysiology shares some common features with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) combining relatively insufficient insulin secretion with increased peripheral insulin resistance. While a certain degree of insulin resistance is the physiological characteristics of the second half of pregnancy, it is significantly more pronounced in patients with gestational diabetes. Adipose tissue dysfunction and subclinical inflammation in obesity are well-described causes of increased insulin resistance in non-pregnant subjects and are often observed in individuals with T2DM. Emerging evidence of altered adipokine expression and local inflammation in adipose tissue in patients with gestational diabetes suggests an important involvement of adipose tissue in its etiopathogenesis. This review aims to summarize current knowledge of adipose tissue dysfunction and its role in the development of gestational diabetes. We specifically focus on the significance of alterations of adipokines and immunocompetent cells number and phenotype in fat. Detailed understanding of the role of adipose tissue in gestational diabetes may provide new insights into its pathophysiology and open new possibilities of its prevention and treatment.
Evaluation of the regional ventricular systolic function by two-dimensional strain echocardiography in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) fetuses with good glycemic control; Objective: The aim is to quantitatively assess regional ventricular systolic function by two-dimensional strain (2DS) echocardiography in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) fetuses with good glycemic control. Methods: We studied 60 consecutive normal fetuses and 35 fetuses of GDM mothers with good glycemic control by echocardiography. M-mode and two-dimensional echocardiography were used to measure ejection fraction and wall dimensions of left ventricle and right ventricle. Both left and right ventricle peak systolic myocardial strain values were obtained by 2DS echocardiography. Results: Compared with normal fetuses, the thickness of the interventricular septum (IVS) and the thickness of right ventricular wall were significantly increased in GDM fetuses (p < 0.05). Compared with those of normal fetuses, the peak systolic myocardial strain decreased significantly in the apical segments of the IVS and the apical segments of the left ventricular lateral wall in GDM fetuses (p < 0.05), as well as the apical and middle segments of right ventricular wall in GDM fetuses (p < 0.05). Peak negative 2DS values in 60 normal fetuses increased with the gestational age, showing a significant linear correlation(r = -0.625, p < 0.001). The average ventricular strain was not correlated to ventricular wall thickness (r = 0.127, p = 0.394). Conclusions: 2DS is a feasible approach to assess regional ventricular systolic function in the fetal hearts and it can be used to examine cardiac systolic function in GDM fetuses with good glycemic control.
Pregravid cardiometabolic risk profile and risk for gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to examine pregravid cardiometabolic profile and subsequent risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). STUDY DESIGN: GDM cases (n = 199) and control subjects (n = 381) were selected from a cohort of women who took part in a multiphasic health checkup examination at Kaiser Permanente from 1984-1996 and who had a subsequent pregnancy and were matched by year and age at multiphasic health checkup examination and age at delivery. RESULTS: Pregravid measurements of serum glucose levels of 100140 mg/dL, body mass index of >= 25.0 kg/m(2), and prehypertension/hypertension level were associated independently with GDM risk (odds ratios [OR], 4.8; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.7-13.9; OR, 2.7; 95% CI, 1.6-4.3; and OR, 1.5; 95% CI, 1.0-2.3, respectively). The risk of GDM increased with the number of cardiometabolic risk factors (P < .001); adverse levels of both body mass index and glucose were associated with a 4.6-fold increased risk of GDM, compared with women with normal levels (P = .0001). CONCLUSION: Pregravid cardiometabolic risk profile may help clinicians to identify high-risk women to target for primary prevention or early management of GDM.
A Clinical Update on Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) traditionally refers to abnormal glucose tolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. GDM has long been associated with obstetric and neonatal complications primarily relating to higher infant birthweight and is increasingly recognized as a risk factor for future maternal and offspring cardiometabolic disease. The prevalence of GDM continues to rise internationally due to epidemiological factors including the increase in background rates of obesity in women of reproductive age and rising maternal age and the implementation of the revised International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups' criteria and diagnostic procedures for GDM. The current lack of international consensus for the diagnosis of GDM reflects its complex historical evolution and pragmatic antenatal resource considerations given GDM is now 1 of the most common complications of pregnancy. Regardless, the contemporary clinical approach to GDM should be informed not only by its short-term complications but also by its longer term prognosis. Recent data demonstrate the effect of early in utero exposure to maternal hyperglycemia, with evidence for fetal overgrowth present prior to the traditional diagnosis of GDM from 24 weeks' gestation, as well as the durable adverse impact of maternal hyperglycemia on child and adolescent metabolism. The major contribution of GDM to the global epidemic of intergenerational cardiometabolic disease highlights the importance of identifying GDM as an early risk factor for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, broadening the prevailing clinical approach to address longer term maternal and offspring complications following a diagnosis of GDM.
Cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: a nationwide register-based cohort study; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and has maternal health implications reaching beyond the perinatal period. We aimed to investigate the incidence and severity of cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity in women with previous GDM in a Danish population and to study whether proxies of impaired beta cell function-insulin treatment during GDM pregnancy and development of subsequent manifest diabetes mellitus-influence incident risk of cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity. Methods A nationwide register-based cohort study was conducted on the complete cohort of 700,648 women delivering in Denmark during 1997-2018. The exposure variable was GDM and primary outcome was overall cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity. Secondary outcomes were major cardiovascular disease (ischemic heart disease, heart failure, and/or stroke/transient cerebral ischemia), hypertension, dyslipidemia, and venous thrombosis. Severity of morbidity was assessed using number of hospital contacts with diagnosis codes related to cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity and number of redemptions of prescribed medication related to cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity in women who developed cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity after pregnancy. Results The median follow-up period was 10.2-11.9 years with a total range of 0-21.9 years. GDM was associated with increased risk of any cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity (adjusted HR 2.13 [95% CI 2.07-2.20]), major cardiovascular disease (adjusted HR 1.69 [95% CI 1.55-1.84]), hypertension (adjusted HR 1.89 [95% CI 1.82-1.96], dyslipidemia (adjusted HR 4.48 [95% CI 4.28-4.69]), and venous thrombosis (adjusted HR 1.32 [95% CI 1.16-1.50]). Insulin treatment during pregnancy and subsequent development of manifest diabetes exacerbated the risk estimates. Previous GDM was associated with more hospital contacts and more redeemed prescriptions in women developing cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity (p < 0.001). Conclusions Previous GDM was associated with significantly higher risk of cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity, especially incident dyslipidemia. Risks were exacerbated by proxies of beta cell impairment. Severity of morbidity was significantly worse if GDM preceded cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity.
Genetic and inflammatory factors underlying gestational diabetes mellitus: a review; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses a significant global health concern, impacting both maternal and fetal well-being. Early detection and treatment are imperative to mitigate adverse outcomes during pregnancy. This review delves into the pivotal role of insulin function and the influence of genetic variants, including SLC30A8, CDKAL1, TCF7L2, IRS1, and GCK, in GDM development. These genetic variations affect beta-cell function and insulin activity in crucial tissues, such as muscle, disrupting glucose regulation during pregnancy. We propose a hypothesis that this variation may disrupt zinc transport, consequently impairing insulin production and secretion, thereby contributing to GDM onset. Furthermore, we discussed the involvement of inflammatory pathways, such as TNF-alpha and IL-6, in predisposing individuals to GDM. Genetic modulation of these pathways may exacerbate glucose metabolism dysregulation observed in GDM patients. We also discussed how GDM affects cardiovascular disease (CVD) through a direct correlation between pregnancy and cardiometabolic function, increasing atherosclerosis, decreased vascular function, dyslipidemia, and hypertension in women with GDM history. However, further research is imperative to unravel the intricate interplay between inflammatory pathways, genetics, and GDM. This understanding is pivotal for devising targeted gene therapies and pharmacological interventions to rectify genetic variations in SLC30A8, CDKAL1, TCF7L2, IRS1, GCK, and other pertinent genes. Ultimately, this review offers insights into the pathophysiological mechanisms of GDM, providing a foundation for developing strategies to mitigate its impact.
The birth of cardiac disease: Mechanisms linking gestational diabetes mellitus and early onset of cardiovascular disease in offspring; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the biggest killer worldwide, composing a major economic burden for health care systems. Obesity and diabetes are dual epidemics on the rise and major risk factors predisposing for CVD. Increased obesity- and diabetes-related incidence is now observed among children, adolescents, and young adults. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic pregnancy disorder, and its prevalence is rapidly increasing. During pregnancies complicated by GDM, the offspring are exposed to a compromised intrauterine environment characterized by hyperglycemic periods. Unfavorable in utero conditions at critical periods of fetal cardiac development can produce developmental adaptations that remodel the cardiovascular system in a way that can contribute to adult-onset of heart disease due to the programming during fetal life. Epidemiological studies have reported increased cardiovascular complications among GDM-descendants, highlighting the urgent need to investigate and understand the mechanisms modulated during fetal development of in utero GDM-exposed offspring that predispose an individual to increased CVD during life. In this manuscript, we overview previous studies in this area and gather evidence linking GDM and CVD development in the offspring, providing new insights on novel mechanisms contributing to offspring CVD programming by GDM, from the role of maternal-fetal interactions to their impact on fetal cardiovascular development, how the perpetuation of cardiac programming is maintained in postnatal life, and advance the intergenerational implications contributing to increased CVD premature origin. Understanding the perpetuation of CVD can be the first step to manage and reverse this leading cause of morbidity and mortality. This article is categorized under: Reproductive System Diseases > Molecular and Cellular Physiology Cardiovascular Diseases > Molecular and Cellular Physiology Metabolic Diseases > Genetics/Genomics/Epigenetics
Computerized analysis of fetal heart rate in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus; Purpose of study. We studied fetal heart rate (FHR) recordings from 100 pregnant women affected by GDM on diet therapy, 60 pregnant women affected by GDM on insulin therapy and 100 normal pregnant controls. The results were compared among the groups and related to neonatal umbilical artery cord blood analysis at birth. Research design and methods. Baseline FHR and the duration of episodes of low variation were significantly higher in diabetic than in controls and were negatively related to umbilical artery glycemia at birth, whereas the short-term variation in diabetics was significantly lower than in controls and was positively related to. Conclusions. Our study demonstrates that GDM does impact FHR. The alteration is slight but evident; it reflects fetal well being and correlate with neonatal reactivity. Only cCTG may allow to detect those slight but significant differences.
EFFECT OF HUMAN GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS ON ARTERIAL STIFFNESS; Background. The present study aims to evaluate the parameters for aortic stiffness by comparing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with a healthy control group via transthoracic echocardiography. Methods. This was a cross-sectional study involving monitoring of 62 pregnant women (33 with GDM and 29 with uncomplicated pregnancy as controls) during the third trimester. The aortic strain, aortic distensibility, and aortic stiffness values were measured via transthoracic echocardiography. Measurements of GDM group were repeated after 6 months. Results. Blood pressure levels, heart rate, and basic echocardiography were similar in both groups, but BMI was significantly higher in the GDM group (p<0.001). Whereas, aortic strain and distensibility were significantly lower in the GDM group (p<0.001). Aortic stiffness index was significantly higher in the GDM group (p<0.001). Aortic stiffness parameters did not exhibit any significant difference between the insulin-receiving GDM group and the diet-controlled GDM group. Postprandial glucose levels were correlated positively with the aortic stiffness index (p=0.04) and negatively with the level of aortic strain (p<0.01) and distensibility (p=0.03). The aortic stiffness in normoglycemic postpartum group at 6th month showed a significant improvement (p<0.001); but not in hyperglycemic postpartum group. Conclusion. Arterial stiffness was increased in women with GDM compared to the control group. A correlation between postprandial glucose and arterial stiffness was found. The aortic stiffness can be affected irreversibly from increased clinical and subclinical levels of glucose in postpartum period.
The Maternal Microbiome and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Cause and Effect; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a growing public health concern that affects many pregnancies globally. The condition is associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes including gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, placental abruption, preterm birth, stillbirth, and fetal growth restriction. In the long-term, mothers and children have an increased risk of developing metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Accumulating evidence suggest that alterations in the maternal microbiome may play a role in the pathogenesis of GDM and adverse pregnancy outcomes. This review describes changes in the maternal microbiome during the physiological adaptations of pregnancy, GDM and adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Findings from this review highlight the importance of understanding the link between the maternal microbiome and GDM. Furthermore, new therapeutic approaches to prevent or better manage GDM are discussed. Further research and clinical trials are necessary to fully realize the therapeutic potential of the maternal microbiome and translate these findings into clinical practice.
Early Postpartum Lipid Profile in Women with and Without Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Results of a Prospective Cohort Study; Background: Dyslipidemia is a well-known risk factor of cardiovascular disease. Few studies focused on early postpartum lipids profile, particularly in women with gestational diabetes mellitus. Objectives: This study aims at determining the levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides LDL-C, HDL-C, and VLDL-C at 6 to 12 weeks postpartum in women with gestational diabetes, comparing them to lipids profiles of controls and identifying independent risk factors of dyslipidemia in 2 studied groups. Methods: Life after gestational diabetes, Ahvaz study (LAGAs), was started on March 2015. This was an ongoing population-based cohort study that aimed at investigating metabolic outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus and comparing them with healthy groups. Up to February 2016, during the first 11 months sampling, 176 women with gestational diabetes and 86 healthy mothers underwent FBS, 75-g 2-hour oral glucose tolerance and fasting lipids tests (including total cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, and VLDL-cholesterol) in 6 to 12 weeks after delivery. Results: Overall prevalence of dyslipidemia was 73.7%. Most common forms of dyslipidemia in 2 groups were HDL-C < 50 and raised total cholesterol (T-C >= 200). Women with gestational diabetes had higher total cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL-C, and VLDL-C compared with controls. Prevalence of total cholesterol >= 200, triglyceride >= 150, HDL-C < 50 (md/dL), and LDL-C >= 130 (md/dL) was 37.5%, 22.2%, 43.8%, and 27.8 inGDMwomen 6 to 12 weeks after delivery, respectively; 73.3% (129/176 (of GDM women had at least one abnormal values of lipids. Pre-pregnancy BMI >= 25 and history of GDM in first relatives were associated risk factors for dyslipidemia in women with gestational diabetes. In multivariate analysis, only BMI >= 25 in healthy group remained as an independent risk factor for dyslipidemia 6 to 12 weeks postpartum. Conclusions: Dyslipidemia is highly prevalent in women with and without GDM at 6 to 12 weeks postpartum, particularly in overweight and obese women. Dyslipidemia and obesity are both modifiable risk factors for cardiovascular disease.
Gestational Diabetes: Implications for Cardiovascular Health; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pregnancy complication that is becoming more prevalent with recent population trends in obesity and advancing maternal age. A diagnosis of GDM not only increases risk for maternal and fetal complications during pregnancy, but also significantly increases a woman's risk of both type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the postpartum. Even women with milder forms of abnormal glucose homeostasis during pregnancy, specifically gestational impaired glucose tolerance, are at increased risk, justifying the recent recommendation to tighten the diagnostic criteria for GDM, thus implicating many more women. Risk factors that increase risk for future CVD among women with a history of GDM include postpartum progression to T2DM; metabolic syndrome; obesity; hypertension; and altered levels of circulating inflammatory markers, specifically, adiponectin, C-reactive protein, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha. Medical therapies such as metformin that prevent progression to T2DM may prove to be our primary defense against earlier CVD among women with GDM.
The Impacts of Maternal Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) on Fetal Hearts; Objective To evaluate the fetal cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pregnancies under different maternal glycemic controls. Methods Forty four GDM mothers received 78 fetal echocardiographic evaluations at three gestational periods (<28, 28-34 and >= 34 weeks) and were divided into poorly-(DM1) and well-(DM2) controlled groups according to their glycemic control at examination. Seventy uncomplicated mothers were selected as controls. Parameters of fetal cardiac anatomy and function were measured and analyzed. Results GDM fetuses' cardiac ventricular walls were thicker than controls', and the differences between DM1 and DM2 were not significant except for end-diastolic left ventricular walls. In both GDM groups, the aortic flow velocities increased earlier than pulmonary artery and DM1 fetuses changed earlier than DM2 ones. GDM fetuses' left atrial shortening fraction was smaller than the controls' in the period of >= 34 weeks and negatively correlated with thicknesses of left ventricular walls and interventricular septum in DM1 fetuses (r=-0.438 and -0.506). The right ventricular diastolic function in DM1 and DM2 fetuses decreased after the period of 28-34 weeks and in the period of >= 34 weeks respectively. Tei index of both left and right ventricles increased in DM1 group after the period of <28 weeks and in DM2 group only in the period of >= 34 weeks, with no significant differences between DM1 and DM2 groups in this period. Conclusion Fetuses of GDM mothers showed cardiac function impairments. Good maternal glycemic control may delay the impairments, but cannot reduce the degree. Some cardiac changes in GDM fetuses were similar to those in pregestational diabetic pregnancies except for several parameters and their changing time.
Non-Invasive Detection of Fetal Vascular Endothelial Function in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objectives Endothelial dysfunction in the fetuses of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with their subsequent cardiovascular events. Prenatal assessment of endothelial function in fetuses exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemic environment remains challenging. The aim of this study was to assess the fetal vascular endothelial function in GDM patients using color M-mode derived aortic propagation velocity (APV) and evaluate the correlation of APV with endothelial function biomarkers. Methods This observational cross-sectional study included 31 gestational diabetic mothers and 30 healthy pregnant mothers from August 2019 to January 2020. Clinical data were compared between the groups. Fetal APV was measured using color M-mode echocardiography at late gestation. Concentrations of endothelial biomarkers including von Willebrand Factor (vWF), vascular endothelial-cadherin and endothelin-1 in umbilical cord serum were assessed. Measurements between diabetic group and controls were compared. Results vWF was the only endothelial functional marker that differed between the two groups. Fetuses in the GDM group had significantly lower APV levels and higher vWF levels compared with the healthy controls (P < 0.05). There was a moderate but significant correlation between APV and vWF (r =-0.58, P < 0.001). There were no associations between APV and ventricular wall thickness or umbilical artery pulsatility index. Conclusions Color M-mode propagation velocity of aorta is a non-invasive, practical method that correlates well with GDM and fetal endothelial function. This novel metric could contribute to recognizing early vascular functional alterations and hence represents a potential strategy for early risk factor surveillance and risk modification.
Outcomes of vacuum-assisted vaginal deliveries of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To evaluate the outcomes of vacuum-assisted vaginal deliveries (VAD) among neonates of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Study design: Retrospective cohort study of women with singleton gestation >= 37 + 0 weeks of gestation who underwent VAD at a single, tertiary, medical center (2007-2014). Women with GDM and their neonates were compared to women without diabetes and their neonates. Composite neonatal outcome was defined as >= 1 of the following: shoulder dystocia, 5-min Apgar score <7, asphyxia, seizure, subgaleal, subarachnoid or subdural hemorrhage, fracture of the clavicle, humerus or skull, or Erb's palsy. Results: Overall, 251 (5.2%) women with GDM were compared with 4534 (94.8%) women without GDM. Women with GDM were older, delivered earlier, with higher rates of mild preeclampsia and induction of labor. Their neonates had higher mean birth weight percentile, and higher rates of hypoglycemia, phototherapy, fracture of the humerus (3.2 versus 1.1%, aOR 2.95, 95%CI 1.38-6.30), and subarachnoid hemorrhage (1.2 versus 0.3%, aOR 4.56, 95%CI 1.28-16.26). No difference was found with regards to the composite neonatal outcome (9.2 versus 11.1%, p = .34). Conclusions: GDM is associated with a higher risk for certain birth injuries in VAD at >= 37 + 0 weeks of gestation, yet the overall risk of adverse neonatal outcomes is comparable to women without GDM.
Sympathetic nervous system activity and reactivity in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with vascular dysfunction. Sympathetic nervous system activity (SNA) is an important regulator of vascular function, and is influenced by glucose and insulin. The association between GDM and SNA (re)activity is unknown. We hypothesize that women with GDM would have increased SNA during baseline and during stress. Methods: Eighteen women with GDM and 18 normoglycemic pregnant women (controls) were recruited. Muscle SNA (MSNA; peroneal microneurography) was assessed at rest, during a cold pressor test (CPT) and during peripheral chemoreflex deactivation (hyperoxia). Spontaneous sympathetic baroreflex gain was quantified versus diastolic pressure at rest and during hyperoxia. Results: Age, gestational age (third trimester) and pre-pregnancy body mass index and baseline MSNA was not different among the groups. Women with GDM had a similar increase in MSNA, but a greater pressor response to CPT compared to controls (% change in MAP 17 +/- 7% vs. 9 +/- 9%; p =.004). These data are consistent with a greater neurovascular transduction in GDM (% change in total peripheral resistance/% change in burst frequency [BF]: 15.9 +/- 30.2 vs. -5.2 +/- 16.4, p =.03). Interestingly, women with GDM had a greater reduction in MSNA during hyperoxia (% change in BF -30 +/- 19% vs. -6 +/- 17%; p =.01). Conclusion: Women diagnosed with GDM have similar basal SNA versus normoglycemic pregnant women, but greater neurovascular transduction, meaning a greater influence of the sympathetic nerve activity in these women. We also document evidence of chemoreceptor hyperactivity, which may influence SNA in women with GDM but not in controls.
LOW SENSITIVITY OF SERUM FRUCTOSAMINE AS A SCREENING PARAMETER FOR GESTATIONAL DIABETES-MELLITUS; Oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT) and quantification of serum fructosamine levels were performed in 190 asymptomatic women in weeks 24-28 of pregnancy. OGTT identified 10 of the 190 women as having gestational diabetes, but serum fructosamine quantification failed to do so because none of these 10 women exhibited levels exceeding the normal limit of 2.76 mmol/l. The mean fructosamine level in this group was 1.72 +/- 0.25 mmol/l compared to 1.60 +/- 0.15 mmol/l in the other 180 women without gestational diabetes. Fructosamine was found to correlate only with postload glucose values in excess of 180 mg/dl at 2 h (r = 0.87; p = 0.01), i.e. with the highest overall glucose values, but not with fasting glucose or milder postprandial hyperglycemia of under 180 mg/dl. We conclude that quantification of fructosamine detects only the rather severe cases of gestational hyperglycemia, but is too insensitive to uncover mild asymptomatic gestational diabetes mellitus, and we do not consider fructosamine to be a useful parameter for the diagnosis of this condition.
A brief history of gestational diabetes mellitus, risk factors and current criteria of diagnosis; Diabetes is one of the most common metabolic disorders that may cause pathological pregnancy. Treating diabetes recognized during pregnancy results in lowering maternal and fetal complications. These patients present higher risk for excessive weight gain, preeclampsia, delivery with cesarean sections, high risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the future. Fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes are at higher risk for macrosomia and birth trauma, after delivery they present higher risk of developing neonatal hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and respiratory distress syndrome. There is still no consensus in the recommendations for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus by expert committees.
miR-410 enhanced hESC-derived pancreatic endoderm transplant to alleviate gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a condition commonly encountered during mid to late pregnancy with pathologic manifestations including hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, and fetal mal-development. The deficit and dysfunction of insulin secreting beta-cells are signature symptoms for GDM. Pancreatic progenitors derived from human embryonic stem cells (hESCs) were shown to be able to effectively treat diabetes in mice. In this study, we first identified that microRNA-410 (miR-410) directly targets lactate dehydrogenase A (LDHA), a gene selectively repressed in normal insulin secreting beta-cells. hESCs that can be induced to express miR-410 hence keeping LDHA levels in check were then differentiated in vitro into pancreatic endoderm, followed by transplantation into db/+ mouse model of GDM. The transplant greatly improved glucose metabolism and reproductive outcome of the pregnant females suffering from GDM. Our findings describe for the first time the method of combining miRNA with hESCs, providing proof of concept by employing genetically modified stem cell therapy for treating GDM.
Evaluation of the Future Atherosclerotic Heart Disease with Oxidative Stress and Carotid Artery Intima Media Thickness in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background and objective. In this study our aim was to evaluate paraoxonase (PON1) activity and free sulfhydryl groups (-SH) as antioxidative parameters and lipid hydroperoxide (LOOH) as oxidative parameter in the serum of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and determine their relation with the degree of subclinical atherosclerosis. Material and methods. Serum samples from 39 pregnant women complicated with GDM and 40 healthy pregnant women were collected for the analysis of oxidative markers. Common carotid artery intima media thickness (CIMT) was measured for both groups to assess future atherosclerotic heart disease risk. PON1 activity and -SH were measured spectrophotometrically. LOOH levels were measured by ferrous oxidation with a xylenol orange assay. Results. CIMT and LOOH levels were significantly higher (p = 0.01, p < 0.001, respectively) in GDM group compared to controls, whereas PON1 and -SH levels were significantly lower (p < 0.001 for both). CIMT values were significantly correlated with body mass index (BMI), 50 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and mean arterial blood pressure (MABP) (p = 0.003, p = 0.02, and p = 0.03, respectively). However, there was no correlation between CIMT and oxidative markers. Conclusions. Increased levels of LOOH and decreased levels of PON1 and -SH showed disturbance of antioxidative mechanisms in GDM. These changes were associated with increased BMI and MABP which may be relevant to GDM pathophysiology. Furthermore, increased CIMT values in GDM compared to healthy controls designate increased risk of future atherosclerotic heart disease.
Adipokines and metabolic syndrome risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been recognized as a significant risk factor for metabolic syndrome and CVD. The aim of the study was to evaluate the relationships between levels of cytokines, components of metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular risk markers in women with previous gestational diabetes. Methods Women (n?=?41) with gestational diabetes background (cases) and 21 healthy women (controls) in the postpartum period were enrolled. Demographic and clinical data, lipid and carbohydrate metabolism and uric acid and adipokine levels (TNF-a, IL-6, leptin and adiponectin) were compared and their relationships analysed. Metabolic syndrome prevalence was calculated by WHO and NCEP-ATPIII definitions. Results There were significant differences between cases and controls: body mass index (kg/m2) 27.4 +/- 5.6 vs 23.9 +/- 3.6 (p?=?0.013), waist circumference (cm) 85.2 +/- 12.9 vs 77.5 +/- 9.0 (p?=?0.017), metabolic syndrome (WHO definition) 14.6% vs 0% (p?=?0.012), metabolic syndrome (NCEP-ATPIII definition) 22% vs 0% (p?=?0.002), low HDL 36.6% vs 9.5% (p?=?0.024), fasting glucose (mmol/L) 5.4 +/- 0.6 vs 4.9 +/- 0.2 (p?<?0.001), glucose 120' oral glucose tolerance test (mmol/L) 5.8 +/- 1.7vs 4.7 +/- 0.8 (p?=?0.007), fasting insulin (mu U/mL) 13.4 +/- 8.1 vs 8.4 +/- 4.3 (p?=?0.004), HOMA index 3.3 +/- 2.3 vs 1.8 +/- 1.0 (p?=?0.002), HbA1c (%) 5.4 +/- 0.2 vs 5.2 +/- 0.2 (p?=?0.021), uric acid (mg/dL) 4.1 +/- 1 vs 3.5 +/- 0.6 (p?=?0.009), leptin (ng/mL) 32?025.5 +/- 19?917.3 vs 20?258.9 +/- 16?359.9 (p?=?0.023), respectively. Conclusions Women with previous gestational diabetes have central adiposity, atherogenic lipid profile, carbohydrate intolerance and adverse adipokine profile, all of which are risk factors for the future development of metabolic disease and CVD. Copyright (C) 2012 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Circulating inflammatory cytokines and gestational diabetes mellitus: Unraveling the role of macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) through a bidirectional mendelian randomization study; Background: Several studies have identified associations between some of circulating inflammatory cytokines and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). However, the causal role of these associations remains unclear and unsystematic. We aimed to provide evidence for the causal relationships between circulating inflammatory cytokines and gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods: We performed bidirectional two-sample Mendelian randomization (2SMR) to investigate the causal connection between circulating inflammatory cytokines and gestational diabetes mellitus. Publicly accessible data for circulating inflammatory cytokines (8,293 individuals) and gestational diabetes mellitus (123,579 individuals) were obtained from genome-wide association study (GWAS). Results: Only one causal association was identified between circulating inflammatory cytokines and GDM. The inverse variance weighting (IVW) method showed that macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) increased the risk of GDM (OR 1.162, 95%CI 1.044,1.293). Moreover, two causal associations were detected between GDM and circulating inflammatory cytokines. GDM was negatively correlated with interferon gamma-induced protein 10 (IP10) (Beta-0.129, 95%CI-0.236,-0.231) and interleukin-18 (IL18) (Beta-0.133, 95%CI-0.241,-0.026). Conclusion: Mendelian randomization study revealed MIF as a risk factor for gestational diabetes mellitus. This finding offers a new and valuable insight into the pathophysiological mechanisms underlying GDM.
Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus <i>in utero</i>: systematic review and meta-analysis; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pregnancy complication that affects one in seven pregnancies. Emerging evidence demonstrates that children born of pregnancies complicated by GDM may be at increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in adulthood. Therefore, the aim of this study was to determine cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to GDM in utero. PubMed, CINAHL, SCOPUS, and EMBASE databases were searched. Information was extracted on established CVD risk factors including blood pressure, lipids, blood glucose, fasting insulin, body mass index (BMI), and endothelial/microvascular function. The review protocol is registered in PROSPERO (CRD42018094983). Prospective and retrospective studies comparing offspring exposed to GDM compared to controls (non-GDM pregnancies) were considered. We included studies that defined GDM based on the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) definition, or prior definitions. The PRISMA guidelines were followed in conducting this systematic review. Methodological quality was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Quality Assessment Scale. Study selection, data extraction, and quality assessment were done by two independent reviewers. The data were pooled using a random-effects model. Of 59 eligible studies, 24 were included in the meta-analysis. Offspring exposed to GDM had higher systolic blood pressure (mean difference (MD): 1.75 mmHg, 95% CI 0.57-2.94; eight studies, 7264 participants), BMI z-score (MD 0.11, 95% CI 0.02-0.20; nine studies, 8759 participants), and glucose (standard MD 0.43, 95% CI 0.08-0.77; 11 studies, 6423 participants) than control participants. In conclusion, offspring exposed to GDM have elevated systolic blood pressure, BMI, and glucose. Those exposed to GDM in utero may benefit from early childhood blood pressure measurements.
Evaluation of cardiac function in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes; Objective: The purpose of this study was to assess fetal cardiac function in normal fetuses (control group) compared to those who are exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus using different echocardiographic measurements, and to explore the application of left atrial shortening fraction in determination of fetal diastolic function with gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods: A total of 50 women with gestational diabetes and 50 women with a healthy pregnancy were included in the study. Fetal echocardiography was performed and structural as well as functional fetal cardiac parameters were measured. Data were compared between with or without fetal myocardial hypertrophy and the control group. Results: In the study group, out of 50 fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers, 18 had myocardial hypertrophy and 32 had normal septal thickness. Gestational age at time of examination did not differ significantly between the control and gestational diabetes group (p = 0.55). Mitral E/A ratio was lower in gestational diabetes group as compared to the control (p < 0.001). Isovolumetric relaxation and contraction times and myocardial performance index were greater in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers (p < 0.001). In fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers with myocardial hypertrophy, left atrial shortening fraction was lower as compared to those without myocardial hypertrophy and those of the control group (p < 0.001). Conclusions: The results of this study suggest that fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers have altered cardiac function even in the absence of septal hypertrophy, and that left atrial shortening fraction can be used as a reliable alternate parameter in the assessment of fetal diastolic function.
Intrapartal cardiotocographic patterns and hypoxia-related perinatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims In previous reports, cardiotocographic (CTG) fetal heart rate (FHR) monitoring has shown only limited benefits in decreasing adverse perinatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of the present study was to evaluate whether an association exists between the recently reported ZigZag pattern (FHR baseline amplitude changes of > 25 bpm with a duration of 2-30 min) and asphyxia-related neonatal outcomes in GDM pregnancies. Methods Intrapartal CTGs were recorded in a one-year cohort of 5150 singleton childbirths. The following CTG changes were evaluated: ZigZag pattern, saltatory pattern, late decelerations, episodes of tachycardia and bradycardia, reduced variability, and uterine tachysystole. The cohort was divided into three groups: women with GDM, women with normal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and women with no OGTT performed. Umbilical artery (UA) blood gases, Apgar scores, neonatal respiratory distress, and neonatal encephalopathy were used as outcome variables. Results GDM was diagnosed in 624 (12.1%), OGTT was normal in 4115 (79.9%), and OGTT was not performed in 411 (8.0%) women. Hypoxia-related ZigZag patterns (OR 1.94, 95% CI 1.64-2.34) and late decelerations (OR 1.65, 95% CI 1.27-2.13) of FHR, as well as a greater risk of fetal asphyxia (UA pH < 7.10 and/or UA BE < -12.0 meq/L and/or Apgar scores < 7 at 5-min) (OR 6.64, 95% CI 1.84-12.03) were observed in those with GDM compared with those without GDM. Conclusions GDM is associated with intrapartal ZigZag pattern and late decelerations, cord blood acidemia and low 5-min Apgar scores at birth indicating increased occurrence of fetal hypoxia in GDM pregnancies.
Prenatal Clinical Assessment of NT-proBNP as a Diagnostic Tool for Preeclampsia, Gestational Hypertension and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Common complications of pregnancy include preeclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GH) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Hypertensive disorders (PE/GH) and GDM may result in greater maternal, fetal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. Women with PE/GH, one of the most common causes of heart burden in an obstetrical setting, present with elevated serum levels of BNP and NT-proBNP. The aim of this study was to shed more light on the role of NT-proBNP in pathophysiology of PE, GH and GDM. The study included 156 pregnant women with singleton pregnancies. A total of 26 women developed arterial hypertension during pregnancy, 14 were diagnosed with PE, and GDM was detected in 81 patients. The control group included 35 women with uncomplicated pregnancies, normal arterial blood pressure and normal glucose concentrations. Patients with GH presented with significantly higher serum concentrations of NT-proBNPthan normotensive women (65.5 vs. 37.4 pg/ml; p = 0.0136). Serum levels of NT-proBNP in patients with PE were the highest of all the analyzed subsets, being significantly higher than in women without this condition (89.00 vs. 37.4pg/ml, p = 0,0136). However, women with and without GDM did not differ significantly in terms of their serum NT-proBNP concentrations. Serum NT-proBNP (pg/ml) (p = 0.0001) and BMI (p < 0.0001) turned out to be independent predictors of GH on multivariate logistic regression analysis. Moreover, serum NT-proBNP (pg/ml) was identified as an independent indicator of PE (p = 0.0016). A significant inverse correlation was found between birth weight and maternal serum NT-proBNP concentrations. In our opinion, NT-proBNP can be a useful clinical marker of GH and PE. Determination of NT-proBNP levels may be helpful in identification of patients with PE and GH and in their qualification for intensive treatment; this in turn, may be reflected by better neonatal outcomes.
The Pathophysiology of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a serious pregnancy complication, in which women without previously diagnosed diabetes develop chronic hyperglycemia during gestation. In most cases, this hyperglycemia is the result of impaired glucose tolerance due to pancreatic beta-cell dysfunction on a background of chronic insulin resistance. Risk factors for GDM include overweight and obesity, advanced maternal age, and a family history or any form of diabetes. Consequences of GDM include increased risk of maternal cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes and macrosomia and birth complications in the infant. There is also a longer-term risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the child. GDM affects approximately 16.5% of pregnancies worldwide, and this number is set to increase with the escalating obesity epidemic. While several management strategies exist-including insulin and lifestyle interventions-there is not yet a cure or an efficacious prevention strategy. One reason for this is that the molecular mechanisms underlying GDM are poorly defined. This review discusses what is known about the pathophysiology of GDM, and where there are gaps in the literature that warrant further exploration.
New approaches in the diagnosis and prognosis of gestational diabetes mellitus; - Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common pregnancy metabolic disorder in which a person with no history of hyperglyce-mia exhibits any degree of impaired glucose toler-ance during gestation. GDM can be resolved on its own after birth, but mothers with GDM are more at risk for future problems, such as type 2 diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular disease. In addition, GDM can cause macrosomia in infants and obesi-ty or even the risk of diabetes in childhood. Stan-dard diagnostic tests for GDM are the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and glucose challenge test (GCT), which is a mandatory test at 28-28 weeks of pregnancy in most countries. Disorders in var-ious molecular mechanisms, such as hepatocyte growth factor (HGF), mechanistic target of rapamy-cin (mTOR), and nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-kappa B) sig-naling pathways are involved in GDM. Therefore, better understanding of these mechanisms can help find new therapeutic and diagnostic strategies accordingly. In this review, we first deal with molec-ular mechanisms involved in GDM occurrence and then summarized the studies that hired this knowl-edge for early diagnosis and prognosis of GDM. Fi-nally, we present the latest achievements in the di-agnosis of GDM based on exosomes, microRNAs, glycosylated hemoglobin, and inflammatory fac-tors detection in maternal circulation.
The relationship between epicardial fat thickness and gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with cardiovascular diseases; however, the relationship between epicardial fat thickness (EFT) and GDM remains unclear. The present study evaluates and compares EFT using transthoracic echocardiography in pregnant women with GDM. Materials and methods: This cross-sectional study included 129 pregnant women in the third trimester: 65 with GDM (GDM group) and 64 with uncomplicated pregnancies (control group). As defined by the World Health Organization, the diagnosis of GDM was based on an abnormal 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results. We used echocardiography to measure EFT in blood samples for all the participants. Results: The postprandial blood glucose level was significantly higher in the GDM group than in the control group (P<0.001). There were no significant differences in BMI, heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure or lipid parameters between the groups. In the GDM group, isovolumic relaxation time (IVRT) parameters were significantly higher than in the control group. EFT was significantly higher in the GDM group (P<0.001) and was correlated with postprandial glucose, BMI, age, and heart rate in both the groups. Only postprandial glucose and BMI remained significantly associated with EFT after multiple stepwise regression analysis. Conclusion: Echocardiographically measured EFT was significantly higher in the patients with GDM. The findings show that EFT was strongly correlated with postprandial glucose.
EVALUATION OF SURFACE ECG CHANGES IN PREGNANT WOMEN WITH GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has an increased risk of maternal and fetal complications. Increased maternal cardiac risk is one of the most important complications. QT dispersion and Tp-e duration are findings of surface electrocardiogram (ECG) and they are used an index of inhomogeneity in ventricular electrical activity, and prolongation of QT dispersion is related to increased incidence of ventricular arrhythmias. In this study, we aimed to investigate QT dispersion, Tp-e interval and Tp-eIQT ratio in pregnant women with GDM and emphasize the increased cardiac risk and the importance of GDM screening Methods: Thirty pregnant women with GDM (mean age 27.3 +/- 6.1 years) and 23 normal pregnant women (30.2 +/- 5.4 years) were included in the study. A 12-lead surface electrocardiogram was used to evaluate QT and Tp-e durations for all participants. All QT intervals were corrected for heart rate using *1*Gs q L"2K, NBazett's formula. QT dispersion was defined as the difference between the maximum corrected QT and minimum corrected QT duration. Student's t test or Mann-Whitney U was used to compare groups. The results were evaluated at the p<0.05 significance level. Results: Mean age, body mass index, blood pressure, heart rate and gestational week of pregnancy were similar between the two groups. QT dispersion (54 +/- 13 msc vs. 44 +/- 12 msc, p=0.006), Tp-e (81 7 msc vs. 76 +/- 8msc, p=0.013) and corrected Tp-e (102.4 +/- 9.7msc vs. 96.5 +/- 8.2msc, p=0.038) were significantly longer in pregnant women with GDM. The Tp-eIQT corrected ratio was found to be higher in GDM patients (0.19 +/- 0.01 vs. 0.181 +/- 0.02, p=0.040). Conclusion: Our results suggest that QT dispersion, Tp-e interval and Tp-eIQTc ratio are increased in pregnant women with GDM compared to non-diabetic pregnant women. For this reason we suggest GDM screening for all healthy pregnant women and evaluation the long-term cardiac risks.
Circadian Variation of Blood Pressure Is Impaired in Normotensive Pregnant Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Data about circadian blood pressure (BP) in normotensive patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are lacking. Thus, we sought to compare dipper and nondipper circadian variation of BP profile between normotensive women complicated with GDM and normal pregnant women. Forty-two women with GDM and 33 normal uncomplicated pregnant women who met the entry criteria for the study were enrolled in the study. Twenty-four-hour noninvasive ambulatory blood pressure monitoring and echocardiography to measure the left ventricle mass index and diastolic parameters were performed. Nocturnal blood pressure dipping was calculated as follows: (awake BP - sleep BP) x 100/awake BP. Patients with a nocturnal reduction in average daytime systolic BP and diastolic BP of less than 10% were classified as nondippers. Left ventricle mass index was higher in normotensive pregnant women with GDM group than in normal pregnant subjects (101.98 +/- 24 g/m(2) vs. 90.67 +/- 15 g/m(2), P < .018). Significant nocturnal systolic and diastolic nondippings were observed in GDM groups compared with normal subjects. From diastolic variables, the mitral E velocity and isovolumetric relaxation time were compatible with diastolic dysfunction relaxation abnormalities (P = .003 and P = .015, respectively) in nondipper group. From all confounding factors, only E velocity (P = .002) and diagnosis of GDM (P < .001) were predictive of nondipper circadian variation. This study shows that (i) circadian BP is impaired in normotensive pregnant subjects with GDM, (ii) the left ventricle mass index is higher in pregnant subjects with GDM than in normal pregnant subjects who despite a 24-hour BP are within normal limits, and (iii) in nocturnal nondipper group, the tendency to having diastolic relaxation abnormalities is noted.
Regulation of basal metabolic rate in uncomplicated pregnancy and in gestational diabetes mellitus; Basal metabolic rate (BMR) is one of the major components of total energy expenditure (TEE). It is affected by various factors, such as body weight, body composition, age, race/ethnicity, gender, biochemical parameters, physical activity, and health status. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disorder during pregnancy and it increases the risk for health complications, such as stillbirth, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease in later life. Both BMR and GDM have been linked with gestational weight gain (GWG), a fact suggesting a possible association between them. However, assessing BMR is a complex procedure, which becomes more complicated when additional parameters, such as pregnancy and GDM, are taken into consideration. The present review summarizes the current knowledge on factors affecting BMR and its regulation in relation to pregnancy and GDM. Future research addressing these associations should thoroughly consider other factors that affect BMI when designing such studies and/or discussing the BMR outcome results.
Increased risk of cardiovascular disease in women with prior gestational diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; This study aims to investigate the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). PubMed and other databases were searched up to August 31, 2017. Cohort studies evaluating risk of CVD postpartum in women with and without prior GDM were included. Random-effect model was used to estimate the pooled relative risk of CVD. Sensitivity and subgroup analyses were performed to check the consistency of the effect size and to explore sources of heterogeneity. Multivariable logistic regression was used to control for high heterogeneity. Seven cohort studies with 3,417,020 pregnant women including 14,146 incident CVD events were retrieved. In the pooled analysis, women with previous GDM had a higher risk of CVD than those without (RR: 1.74, 95% CI: 1.28-2.35, I-2 = 95.7%). Four studies reported the event of coronary artery disease (CAD) and two studies reported stroke. The overall RR for CAD was 2.09 (95% CI: 1.56-2.80, I-2 = 91.2%) and that for stroke was 1.25 (95% CI: 1.07-1.48). In view of the high level of heterogeneity, adjustments were made for this, with the resulting adjusted OR for CVD and CAD being 1.95 (95% CI: 1.83-2.08) and 1.59 (95% CI: 1.30-1.94). Women with prior GDM have increased risk of CVD. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Protective Influence of Breastfeeding on Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Women With Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Their Children: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: There is evidence that breastfeeding may provide protection against cardiovascular risk factors in mothers with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus and their children who were exposed in utero. Research Aim: To perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies to ascertain the effects of breastfeeding on cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and their children exposed in utero. Methods: Studies assessing conventional cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and children exposed in utero stratified by breastfeeding/no breastfeeding or breastfed/not breastfed were included. Gestational diabetes mellitus was defined based on the International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Group definition or previous accepted definitions. Breastfeeding was defined as reported in each study. Results: The literature search yielded 260 titles, of which 17 studies were selected to be in the review. Women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus who did not breastfeed had higher blood glucose (SMD: 0.32, 95% CI [0.12, 0.53]) and a greater risk of developing Type 2 diabetes mellitus (RR: 2.08 95% CI [1.44, 3.00]) compared to women with no history. There were not enough studies to conduct a meta-analysis on the effects of breastfeeding on risk factors for cardiovascular disease among children exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero. Conclusion: Breastfeeding appears to be protective against cardiovascular risk factors among women who experience gestational diabetes mellitus.
Effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on newborn cholesterol metabolism; Background and aims: Impaired glucose metabolism during pregnancy may associate with changes in fetal cholesterol metabolism. We investigated if gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects newborn cholesterol metabolism as determined by cord blood squalene and non-cholesterol sterols. Furthermore, we examined potential correlations between cord blood and maternal serum non-cholesterol sterols. Methods: Pregnant women at risk for GDM (BMI>30 kg/m(2)) were enrolled from maternity clinics in Finland. GDM was determined from the results of an oral glucose tolerance test. Serum samples were taken in the third trimester of pregnancy, and cord blood samples collected from their newborns at birth. Squalene and non-cholesterol sterols were analyzed from serum and cord blood by gas liquid chromatography. All women with GDM were in good glycaemic control. Results: The ratios of squalene and non-cholesterol sterols to cholesterol (100 x mu mol/mmol of cholesterol) in cord blood did not differ between the infants born to mothers with GDM (n = 15) or mothers with normal glucose tolerance (n = 13). The ratios of sitosterol and campesterol to cholesterol in the cord blood correlated with the corresponding maternal serum ratios (r = 0.70, p < 0.0001) in both groups. Conclusions: In obese women under good glycaemic control, GDM did not affect newborn cholesterol metabolism. Cord blood sitosterol and campesterol ratios to cholesterol correlated with the corresponding maternal serum ratios thus potentially reflecting maternal-fetal cholesterol transport. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Astaxanthin alleviates gestational diabetes mellitus in mice through suppression of oxidative stress; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects 7% of pregnant women worldwide, which increases the risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease for both the mother and the fetus. Natural compound Astaxanthin has been reported to have benefits in obesity and diabetes. A pregnant C57BL/KsJ db/+ mouse was used as a genetic GDM model to investigate the effect of Astaxanthin on GDM symptoms and reproductive outcomes. Blood glucose, plasma insulin, glucose intolerance, insulin sensitivity, biochemical indexes of plasma, and the liver were measured; Nrf2 and HO-1 protein levels were detected by Western blotting. Astaxanthin significantly alleviated the glucose intolerance and beta cell insufficiency, inhibited in vivo oxidative stress, enhanced the activity of antioxidant enzymes, and improved reproductive outcomes. Mechanistically, the effect of Astaxanthin was mediated by restoring the Nrf2/HO-1 antioxidant pathway in the liver of GDM mice. Our findings supported that Astaxanthin was a potential therapeutic reagent for not only diabetes but also GDM symptomology.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension in pregnancy: Hemodynamics and diurnal arterial pressure profile; We characterised the 24-h arterial pressure (AP) profile and the left ventricular (LV) structures and functions in pregnant women with pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), Thirty pregnant women after 20 weeks' gestation - (10 normotensive; 10 with PIH; and 10 with GDM) - were investigated haemodynamically using 24-h AP monitoring and Doppler echocardiography for determination of LV structures and functions, both systolic and diastolic, The PIH women had significantly higher AP determinations throughout the 24 h, with no change in the diurnal variation, ie, nocturnal decline and early morning peaks, The LV mass was greater in PIH and GDM than in the normotensive women, despite normal AP in GDM, The increased LV mass in GDM was mainly due to LV dilatation and not to increased thickness of its walls, In PIH, the increase in AP was due to peripheral vasoconstriction, while cardiac output was preserved, The LV systolic functions did not differ among the three groups, However, a slight reduction in the myocardial contractility was found in PIH and GDM. The LV relaxation was significantly impaired in both PIH and GDM. Thus, GDM and PIH, although differing in their 24-h AP profile, are characterised by LV hypertrophy and reduction in diastolic function.
Increased Fetal Cardiovascular Disease Risk: Potential Synergy Between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Maternal Hypercholesterolemia; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) remain a major cause of death worldwide. Evidence suggests that the risk for CVD can increase at the fetal stages due to maternal metabolic diseases, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and maternal supraphysiological hypercholesterolemia (MSPH). GDM is a hyperglycemic, inflammatory, and insulin-resistant state that increases plasma levels of free fatty acids and triglycerides, impairs endothelial vascular tone regulation, and due to the increased nutrient transport, exposes the fetus to the altered metabolic conditions of the mother. MSPH involves increased levels of cholesterol (mainly as low-density lipoprotein cholesterol) which also causes endothelial dysfunction and alters nutrient transport to the fetus. Despite that an association has already been established between MSPH and increased CVD risk, however, little is known about the cellular processes underlying this relationship. Our knowledge is further obscured when the simultaneous presentation of MSPH and GDM takes place. In this context, GDM and MSPH may substantially increase fetal CVD risk due to synergistic impairment of placental nutrient transport and endothelial dysfunction. More studies on the separate and/or cumulative role of both processes are warranted to suggest specific treatment options.
Associations of greenness with gestational diabetes mellitus: The Guangdong Registry of Congenital Heart Disease (GRCHD) study; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse shortand long-term health outcomes among mothers and their offspring. GDM affects 0.6%-15% of pregnancies worldwide and its incidence is increasing. However, intervention strategies are lacking for GDM. Previous studies indicated a protective association between greenspace and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), while few studies have explored the association between greenness and GDM. This study aimed to investigate the association between residential greenness and GDM among women from 40 clinical centers in Guangdong province, south China. The study population comprised 5237 pregnant mothers of fetuses and infants without birth defects, from 2004 to 2016. There were n = 157 diagnosed with GDM according to World Health Organization criteria. We estimated residential greenness using the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI), derived from satellite imagery using a spatial-statistical model. Associations between greenness during pregnancy and GDM were assessed by confounder-adjusted random effects log binomial regression models, with participating centers as the random effect. One interquartile increments of NDVI250m, NDVI500m and NDVI1000m were associated with 13% (RR = 0.87, 95%CI: 0.87-0.87), 8% (RR = 0.92, 95%CI: 0.91-0.92) and 3% (RR = 0.97, 95%CI: 0.97-0.97) lower risks for GDM, respectively. However, NDVI3000m was not significantly associated with GDM (RR = 0.96, 95%CI: 0.78-1.19). The risk for GDM decreased monotonically with greater NDVI. The protective effect of greenness on GDM was stronger among women with lower socioeconomic status and in environments with a lower level air pollutants. Our results suggest that greenness might provide an effective intervention to decrease GDM. Greenness and residential proximity to greenspace should be considered in community planning to improve maternal health outcomes. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease up to 25 years after pregnancy: a retrospective cohort study; The risk of cardiovascular disease in women with gestational diabetes is poorly understood. We sought to determine whether gestational diabetes increases the risk of cardiovascular disease more than two decades after pregnancy. We carried out a retrospective cohort study of 1,070,667 women who delivered infants in hospitals within Quebec, Canada, between 1989 and 2013. We followed 67,356 women with gestational diabetes and 1,003,311 without gestational diabetes for a maximum of 25.2 years after the index delivery. The main outcome measures were hospitalization for ischemic heart disease, myocardial infarction, coronary angioplasty, coronary artery bypass graft, and other cardiovascular disorders. We used Cox regression to estimate hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) comparing women with gestational diabetes to no gestational diabetes, adjusted for age, parity, socioeconomic deprivation, time period, and preeclampsia. Women with gestational diabetes had a higher cumulative incidence of hospitalization for cardiovascular disease 25 years after delivery (190.8 per 1000 women) compared with no gestational diabetes (117.8 per 1000 women). Gestational diabetes was associated with a higher risk of ischemic heart disease (HR 1.23, 95% CI 1.12-1.36), myocardial infarction (HR 2.14, 95% CI 1.15-2.47), coronary angioplasty (HR 2.23, 95% CI 1.87-2.65), and coronary artery bypass graft (HR 3.16, 95% CI 2.24-4.47). In this population of pregnant women, gestational diabetes was associated with an increased risk of heart disease 25 years after delivery. Women with gestational diabetes may merit closer monitoring for cardiovascular disease prevention after pregnancy.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Future Cardiovascular Risk: An Update; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus is increasing in parallel with the rising prevalence of type 2 diabetes and obesity around the world. Current evidence strongly suggests that women who have had gestational diabetes mellitus are at greater risk of cardiovascular disease later in life. Given the growing prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus, it is important to identify appropriate reliable markers of cardiovascular disease and specific treatment strategies capable of containing obesity, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome in order to reduce the burden of cardiovascular disease in the women affected.
Evaluation of Fetal Cardiac Geometry and Contractility in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus by Two-Dimensional Speckle-Tracking Technology; Background: The most commonly known cardiac effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GD) in the fetus is hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, but recent studies show that it is preceded by subclinical cardiac dysfunction. This study aimed to assess the effect of GD on fetal cardiac geometry and contractility by two-dimensional speckle-tracking technology. Methods: We performed a prospective observational study that included 33 pregnant patients with GD and 30 healthy individuals. For all fetuses, a four-chamber 3 s cine-loop was recorded and analyzed with Fetal Heart Quantification (FetalHQ (R)), a novel proprietary speckle-tracking software. The following cardiac indices were calculated: global sphericity index (GSI), global longitudinal strain (GLS), fractional area change (FAC), and 24-segment end-diastolic diameter (EDD), fractional shortening (FS), and sphericity index (SI) for both ventricles. Demographic and cardiac differences between the two groups were analyzed, as well as intra-rater and inter-rater reliability. Results: There were significant changes in right ventricular FAC and FS for segments 4-24 in fetuses exposed to GD (-1 SD, p < 0.05). No significant differences were detected for GSI, GLS, EDD, or SI for either ventricle. Conclusions: Fetuses exposed to GD present impaired right ventricular contractility, especially in the mid and apical segments.
Paired maternal and fetal cardiac functional measurements in women with gestational diabetes mellitus at 35-36 weeks' gestation; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with earlyonset cardiovascular disease and increased incidence of adverse cardiovascular outcomes in mothers and their offspring. Few studies with a limited number of patients have reported subclinical cardiac changes in association with gestational diabetes mellitus; however, it remains unclear whether the mother and the fetus respond in a similar fashion to gestational diabetes mellitus; thus, by assessing the heart of one, we can estimate or predict changes in the other. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare maternal and fetal cardiovascular functions in the third trimester between women with gestational diabetes mellitus and women with uncomplicated pregnancy and to explore whether gestational diabetes mellitus affects to the same extent the maternal and fetal heart. STUDY DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study of maternal and fetal echocardiography for assessment of cardiovascular function in the third trimester in women with singleton pregnancies who received a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus and the control group with uncomplicated pregnancies. RESULTS: In this study, we included 161 women with gestational diabetes mellitus and 483 women with uncomplicated pregnancies. Compared with women in the control group, women with gestational diabetes mellitus were older (34.5, standard deviation, 5.3 years] vs 32.5, standard deviation, 4.8 years]; P<.001), had higher body mass index (31.3 kg/m(2) [standard deviation, 5.8] vs 28.6 kg/m(2) [standard deviation, 4.4]; P<.001), had lower weight gain during pregnancy (8.3 [interquartile range, 4.8-11 kg] vs 10.8 [interquartile range, 8.2-13.5 kg]; P<.001), and delivered babies with lower birthweight (P<.001). After multivariable analysis, accounting for differences in maternal characteristics and fetal weight, mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus had lower left ventricular diastolic and systolic (tissue Doppler systolic [s'] wave) functional indices (P<.01 for both) compared with those of mothers in the control group. The noted cardiac changes did not fulfill the adult criteria for clinical cardiac dysfunction. No differences in hemodynamic indices (cardiac output and peripheral vascular resistance) and left ventricular mass were noted between the groups. Fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus had more globular-shaped hearts with increased right and left ventricular sphericity indices (P<.001 for both) and reduced global longitudinal right and left ventricular systolic functional indices (P<.001 for both). The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on maternal and fetal hearts was different, and there was no clear association between the two. CONCLUSION: In the third trimester, in pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus, there were subclinical cardiac changes in both the mother and the fetus, but there was no significant difference in any of the fetal cardiac parameters between women with and women without unfavorable cardiac profile. This suggests that the stimulus for cardiovascular responses in the mother and fetus may not be the same in pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Coronary microvascular dysfunction is not associated with a history of reproductive risk factors in women with angina pectoris-An iPOWER substudy; Backgrounds Reproductive risk factors such as preeclampsia and recurrent miscarriages have been associated with adverse cardiovascular (CV) events. Underlying coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) may be a common denominator. Purpose: We investigated whether a history of reproductive risk factors was associated with CMD in women with angina pectoris and no obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods: Participants from the iPOWER study, including women with angina pectoris and no obstructive CAD ( < 50% stenosis), were invited to complete an electronic survey regarding reproductive risk factors: recurrent miscarriages, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, rhesus immunity, polycystic ovary syndrome and menopausal status as well as migraine and Raynaud phenomenon. CMD was assessed by transthoracic Doppler echocardiography with measurement of coronary flow velocity reserve (CFVR) during high-dose dipyridamole infusion, and analyzed in three categories with cut-off points at 2.0 and 2.5. Associations between CFVR and a history of reproductive risk factors were examined by age-adjusted trend test. Results: The questionnaire was completed by 613 women (73% of those invited), of whom 550 had a successful CFVR measurement. There was no significant difference in baseline characteristics between participants and non-participants. Median (interquartile range (IQR)) age was 62.8 (54.8; 68.7) years, median (IQR) BMI 26.2 (23.2; 29.8) kg/m2, and 81.5% were postmenopausal. We did not find any significant associations between any of the reproductive risk factors, Raynaud's phenomenon or migraine and CFVR. Conclusion: The lack of association between coronary microvascular function and a history of reproductive risk factors, migraine and Raynaud's phenomenon suggests that a common vascular pathophysiological mechanism underlying these conditions is unlikely.
Comparison of Fetal Echocardiography for Fetal Cardiac Structure in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Normal Pregnancies; Background Increased metabolic rate of hyperglycemia in gestational diabetes causes macrosomia, which can also affect the fetal heart. The thickness of the walls of the heart and its function in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can change over time before treatment. We aimed to evaluate fetal cardiac structure in terms of ventricular wall thickness and its function in women with GDM and normal pregnancy for indirect evaluation of the effects of hyperglycemia on the heart. Materials and Methods In this case-control study, pregnant women who referred to Imam Khomeini hospital, Ahvaz, Iran that had normal ultrasound anomaly scan between the ages of 18 to 22 weeks; in 26-28 weeks of pregnancy using 3-hour glucose tolerance test, based on the results were divided into two groups of gestational diabetes (cases, n=45), and normal (control, n=48 group). Fetal echocardiography was performed between the ages of 28 to 32 weeks and the thickness of the ventricular and inter-ventricular septum and the shortening fraction were compared. Results Ninety-three pregnant women were participants. The mean age of the subjects was 26.33 +/- 4.88 years. There was a significant and direct relationship between right ventricular wall thickness, left ventricular thickness and intra ventricular septum, besides, right ventricular fractional shortening increased significantly in the diabetes group compared to the normal pregnancy group (P<0.05); however, there was no significant difference in left ventricular function between the two groups. Conclusion Based on the results, significant increases in the right ventricular wall thickness, left ventricular thickness and intra ventricular septum, as well as right ventricular fractional shortening; which points to the importance of fetal echocardiography in GDM.
Homocysteine level and gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims It is reported that elevated homocysteine (Hcy) level represents an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). However, the relationship between Hcy level and GDM remains controversial. Our study aimed to systematically review available literature linking Hcy to GDM for a comprehensive understanding of the relationship between circulating Hcy level and GDM in humans. Methods PubMed, The Cochrane Library, and Web of Science were searched for studies published up to January 2021. Manual searches of references of the relevant studies were also conducted. Standard mean difference (SMD) with 95% confidence interval (95%CI) were calculated to evaluate the relationship between Hcy level and GDM using the Review Manager 5.3 and Stata 12.0. Results Of 106 references reviewed, 12 studies with a total of 712 GDM patients contributed to the present meta-analysis. Hcy level was significantly elevated in women with GDM compared with those without GDM (SMD = 0.55; 95% CI: 0.25-0.85, p = .0003). In the subgroup meta-analyses, this evidence was more consistent among women with Hcy sampling during the second trimester (SMD = 0.76, 95% CI: 0.34-1.18, p = .0004) and with average age >= 30 years (SMD = 0.69, 95% CI: 0.25-1.12, p = .002). Conclusion The evidence indicated that the level of circulating Hcy was significantly elevated among women with GDM compared with those with normal glucose tolerance, especially with mean age >= 30 years and in the second trimester.
The Emerging Role of Biomarkers in the Diagnosis of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy; its rising incidence is a result of increased maternal obesity and older maternal age together with altered diagnostic criteria identifying a greater proportion of pregnant women with GDM. Its consequences are far-reaching, associated with poorer maternal and neonatal outcomes compared to non-GDM pregnancies, and GDM has implications for metabolic health in both mother and offspring. Objective markers to identify women at high risk for the development of GDM are useful to target therapy and potentially prevent its development. Established clinical risk factors for GDM include overweight/obesity, age, ethnicity, and family history of diabetes, though they lack specificity for its development. The addition of biomarkers to predictive models of GDM may improve the ability to identify women at risk of GDM prior to its development. These biomarkers reflect the pathophysiologic mechanisms of GDM involving insulin resistance, chronic inflammation, and altered placental function. In addition, the role of epigenetic changes in GDM pathogenesis highlights the complex interplay between genetic and environmental factors, potentially offering further refinement of the prediction of GDM risk. In this review, we will discuss the clinical challenges associated with the diagnosis of GDM and its current pathophysiologic basis, giving rise to potential biomarkers that may aid in its identification. While not yet validated for clinical use, we explore the possible clinical role of biomarkers in the future. We also explore novel diagnostic tools, including high throughput methodologies, that may have potential future application in the identification of women with GDM.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: Fetal liver length measurements between 21 and 24 weeks' gestation; Purpose. To evaluate sonographic measurements of the fetal liver, fetal abdominal fat layer, interventricular septum, and Wharton's jelly area between 21 and 24 weeks' gestation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods. A total of 123 consecutive healthy pregnant women underwent sonographic examination at 21-24 weeks' gestational age. The measurements included fetal biometry, detailed anomaly scan, and fetal body composition measurements (subcutaneous fat, liver size, cardiac muscle thickness, and Wharton's jelly area). GDM was confirmed by way of a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test using World Health Organization criteria within 1 week of the examination. Results. Nineteen (15.4%) women were diagnosed with GDM, while 104 (84.6%) women were without GDM. The mean fetal liver length was 36 mm (95% CI 32-37) in women with GDM and 31 mm (95% CI 3033) in women without GDM (p < 0.01). Liver enlargement was related to maternal fasting glucose levels and not 2-hour postprandial levels. There was no significant difference in the fetal biometric and other fetal body measurements between the 2 groups. Conclusions. The findings of this study suggest that midtrimester fetal liver length appears to be longer in GDM than in normal pregnancies. However, the fetal abdominal fat layer, interventricular septum, and Wharton's jelly were not affected. Nevertheless, further, larger randomized studies are required to confirm these findings. (c) 2006 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Transforming growth factor-beta 1 levels in women with prior history of gestational diabetes mellitus; It is known that women with prior history of gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) feature obesity, insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction which cause premature atherosclerosis. Transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-beta 1) is a key cytokine in obesity and insulin resistance and also play important roles in the development of atherosclerosis. This study was conducted to demonstrate the serum TGF-beta 1 levels of people with pGDM. Thirty women with pGDM, 20 women with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and 20 healthy women were enrolled. Serum TGF-beta 1 levels of people with pGDM were found to be significantly higher than healthy controls and significantly lower than women with T2DM. TGF-beta 1 levels were found to be correlated with postprandial glucose and age and inversely correlated with body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference. On multiple regression analysis postprandial glucose level, age and BMI were determined as the most important factors affecting TGF-beta 1 levels. This sudy demonstrates elevated TGF-beta 1 levels in pGDM. The inflammatory response to hyperglycemia and insulin resistance could be the major factors for the increased expression of TGF-beta 1. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
<i>N</i>-Acetyl-l-cysteine ameliorates gestational diabetes mellitus by inhibiting oxidative stress; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects 7% of pregnant women worldwide. How to effectively treat GDM has always been a concern of people.Research methods: In this study, a diabetes model was established by drug-induced mice. Subsequently, the blood glucose levels and serum insulin changes of the mice after N-acetyl-l-cysteine (NAC) treatment were observed. At the same time, the effect of NAC on reproduction of GDM mice was recorded.Results of the study: Mice fed NAC showed significantly improved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity compared to Diabetic/Control. Total serum cholesterol, serum triglycerides, and serum low-density lipoprotein were significantly reduced, and atherosclerosis index was much lower than in control mice. In addition, Diabetic/Control mice had lower litter sizes and higher birth weights. NAC treatment significantly restored litter size and reduced birth weight in Diabetic/Control mice. It was found in WB assay that the NAC-fed group significantly increased nuclear Nrf2 and HO-1 expression levels.Conclusion: NAC can improve blood glucose tolerance in GDM mice; NAC effectively relieves the symptoms of hyperlipidemia caused by GDM; NAC enhances the expression of Nrf2/HO-1 in the liver, thereby restoring redox homeostasis. NAC can reduce gestational diabetes-related disease indicators by oral administration, and has a beneficial effect on the offspring of pregnant mice (reduces its diabetes disease indicators).
Urinary Metabolites Altered during the Third Trimester in Pregnancies Complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Relationship with Potential Upcoming Metabolic Disorders; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a disorder in pregnancy with highest impact in the future life of both mother and newborn. Increasing incidence, economic impact, and potential for severe GDM-related pregnancy complications are some factors that have motivated the deep study of physiopathology, risk factors for developing GDM, and potential biomarkers for its diagnosis. In the present pilot study, we analyzed the urinary metabolome profile of GDM patients in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy, when GDM is already established and the patients are under dietary and pharmacological control. An untargeted metabolomics method based on liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis was developed to identify differentially expressed metabolites in the GDM group. We identified 14 metabolites that are significantly upregulated in the urine of GDM patients, and, more importantly, we identified those related with the steroid hormone biosynthesis and tryptophan (TRP) metabolism pathways, which are associated with GDM pathophysiology. Thus, these metabolites could be screened as potential prognostic biomarkers of type two diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease and chronic renal failure in future follow-up studies with GDM patients.
Implication of <i>SH2B1</i> gene polymorphism studies in gestational diabetes mellitus in Saudi pregnant women; Genome-wide association studies have identified loci that are firmly associated with obesity. The Src-homology-2 B adaptor protein 1 (SH2B1) loci is abundantly expressed in the brain, liver, heart, muscle, and fat tissues. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a growing health concern that usually appears during the latter half of pregnancy, and it is characterized by carbohydrate intolerance of variable severity. The SH2B1 gene polymorphism has been linked with an increased risk of weight gain in several but not all population studies. This study aimed to investigate the genetic association of rs4788102 variants in the SH2B1 gene with GDM in Saudi pregnant women. Genomic DNA samples from 200 women with GDM and 300 women without GDM were genotyped using the TaqMan method. The distribution of the GG, GA, and AA genotypes was significantly different between GDM and non-GDM women (p < 0.05). Thus, we identified rs4788102 variants as additional risk factors for GDM in Saudi women, and we suggest that these variants may have a prognostic value. (C) 2014 Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of King Saud University.
Inflammation and impaired endothelium-dependant vasodilatation in non obese women with gestational diabetes mellitus: preliminary results; Background: To evaluate whether abnormal endothelial function, a common finding in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pregnancies, can be explained by inflammatory cytokines. Methods: Forearm skin blood flow (FSBF), into response to acetylcholine (Ach) (endothelium-dependent vasodilatation), were measured in 24 pregnant control subjects and 28 gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) women, in the third trimester of gestation. A fasting glycemic and lipidic panel was obtained, and inflammatory cytokines (TNF-alpha and IL-6) and adiponectin were also determined. Results: FSBF is significantly reduced in GDM group compared with control subjects (344.59 +/- 57.791 vs. 176.38 +/- 108.52, P < 0.05). Among all subjects, FSBF showed a strong negative correlation with TNF-alpha and IL-6 (r = -0.426, P < 0.0001 and r = -0.564, P < 0.0001, respectively) and positive correlation with adiponectin (r = 0.468, P < 0.0001). Conclusions: Endothelial function, an early marker of macrovascular disease, is present in non-obese pregnancies complicated by GDM. This alteration seems to be directly related to inflammatory status, which may represent a patho-physiological link between GDM and type 2 diabetes and, later on, metabolic syndrome.
Perinatal Outcomes of Southeast Asians with Pregnancies Complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus or Preeclampsia; To examine risks for adverse perinatal outcomes among Southeast Asian women with pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or preeclampsia. Perinatal outcomes of singleton births of Cambodian (3,489), Laotian (2,038), Vietnamese (11,605), Japanese (3,083) and non-Hispanic White women (33,088) were analyzed using Washington state linked birth certificate and hospitalization discharge records (1993-2006). Both Cambodian (aOR = 1.68) and Laotian (aOR = 1.71) women with GDM had increased odds of macrosomia when compared with Japanese women with GDM. Southeast Asian women with GDM had reduced odds of macrosomia when compared with White women. Southeast Asian women with preeclampsia had increased odds for preterm delivery when compared with Japanese and White women with preeclampsia. Research is needed to understand why Southeast Asian women with GDM are more likely to have better perinatal outcomes when compared with White women. Vigilant monitoring and culturally sensitive care for Southeast Asian women with preeclampsia is needed.
Female-specific risk factors for cardiovascular disease: an update; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. While it was previously believed that men have greater susceptibility to CVD, recent research suggests that women face an increased risk of CVD after the onset of menopause, primarily due to the loss of the protective effects of estrogens. Premature ovarian insufficiency (POI), polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and gestational factors, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), recurrent pregnancy loss, preterm delivery, and preeclampsia, are specific reproductive disorders that may contribute to an elevated risk of CVD at earlier ages, i.e., before the onset of menopause. This suggests that women with these conditions should be closely monitored for CVD risk factors even before reaching menopause. Such early intervention may help reduce the incidence of CVD and improve overall cardiovascular health in this population. The precise pathophysiological mechanism underlying the development of CVD in women with menopause, premature POI, PCOS, and gestational factors remains elusive. This review article seeks to elucidate the latest research on the relationship between these conditions and CVD in women, aiming to explore the underlying pathogenic mechanisms contributing to this association.
Increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: A population-based cohort study; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with developing type 2 diabetes, but very few studies have examined its effect on developing cardiovascular disease. Methods and findings We conducted a retrospective cohort study utilizing a large primary care database in the United Kingdom. From 1 February 1990 to 15 May 2016, 9,118 women diagnosed with GDM were identified and randomly matched with 37,281 control women by age and timing of pregnancy (up to 3 months). Adjusted incidence rate ratios (IRRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated for cardiovascular risk factors and cardiovascular disease. Women with GDM were more likely to develop type 2 diabetes (IRR = 21.96; 95% CI 18.31 +/- 26.34) and hypertension (IRR = 1.85; 95% CI 1.59 +/- 2.16) after adjusting for age, Townsend (deprivation) quintile, body mass index, and smoking. For ischemic heart disease (IHD), the IRR was 2.78 (95% CI 1.37 +/- 5.66), and for cerebrovascular disease 0.95 (95% CI 0.51 +/- 1.77; p-value = 0.87), after adjusting for the above covariates and lipid-lowering medication and hypertension at baseline. Follow-up screening for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors was poor. Limitations include potential selective documentation of severe GDM for women in primary care, higher surveillance for outcomes in women diagnosed with GDM than control women, and a short median follow-up postpartum period, with a small number of outcomes for IHD and cerebrovascular disease. Conclusions Women diagnosed with GDM were at very high risk of developing type 2 diabetes and had a significantly increased incidence of hypertension and IHD. Identifying this group of women in general practice and targeting cardiovascular risk factors could improve long-term outcomes.
Plasma Ceramide Concentrations in Full-Term Pregnancies Complicated with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Case-Control Study; Ceramides, a sphingolipid group that acts as a messenger in cellular differentiation, proliferation, apoptosis and senescence, have been associated with cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The evidence for an association between ceramides and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is scarce. This case-control study aimed to compare women with GDM with healthy, pregnant women in terms of plasma ceramide concentrations at the time of delivery. Ninety-two pregnant women were included in this case-control study, 29 in the GDM group and 63 in the control group. All women were admitted to a tertiary academic hospital for a full-term delivery. Liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) was applied for the quantification of four molecular ceramides, namely Cer d18:1/16:0 (Cer16:0), Cer d18:1/18:0 (Cer18:0), Cer d18:1/24:0 (Cer24:0) and Cer d18:1/24:1 (Cer24:1) in plasma samples. The raw chromatographic data obtained from the LC-MS/MS analysis were processed using Analyst SCIEX (AB Sciex Pte. Ltd., USA). In a univariate statistical analysis, Cer24:0 concentration was significantly lower in the GDM group compared with the control group (p = 0.01). The present study demonstrated lower Cer24:0 concentrations in pregnancies complicated by GDM. Further prospective studies are required to enhance the results of this study.
Gestational diabetes mellitus may predispose to metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease; The development of type 2 diabetes mellitus is a major contributing factor to the worldwide health burden of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). Insulin resistance, subclinical inflammation, dyslipidemia, obesity, and hypertension are all factors in this reciprocal interaction that contribute to the development of MASLD, which includes hepatocellular carcinoma, advanced fibrosis/cirrhosis, and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). A new risk factor for MASLD/NASH that affects the course of the disease independently throughout life is gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Women with a history of GDM had a higher chance of developing NASH, according to a recent study that used a large-scale database. Although the precise etiology is yet unknown, temporary disruption of pancreatic beta cell activity during pregnancy may set off systemic inflammation, affecting distant organs including the liver. Early screening and management strategies are crucial in mitigating MASLD progression and preventing adverse cardiovascular events in affected individuals.
Proteomics and bioinformatics analysis of cardiovascular related proteins in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus; IntroductionPrevious studies have demonstrated that exposed to the initial suboptimal intrauterine environment of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may increase risk of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. MethodsIn order to investigate the underlying mechanisms involved in the increased risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) in the offspring of GDM, we applied a high-throughput proteomics approach to compare the proteomic expression profile of human umbilical vessels of normal and GDM offspring. ResultsA total of significantly different 100 proteins were identified in umbilical vessels from GDM group compared with normal controls, among which 31 proteins were up-regulated, while 69 proteins were down-regulated. Differentially expressed proteins (DEPs) are validated using Western blotting analysis. The analysis of these differently expressed proteins (DEPs) related diseases and functions results, performed by Ingenuity Pathway Analysis (IPA) software. Based on "Diseases and Disorders" analysis, 17 proteins (ACTA2, ADAR, CBFB, DDAH1, FBN1, FGA, FGB, FGG, GLS, GSTM1, HBB, PGM3, PPP1R13L, S100A8, SLC12A4, TPP2, VCAN) were described to be associated with CVD, especially in Anemia, Thrombus and Myocardial infarction. Functional analysis indicated that DEPs involved in many cardiovascular functions, especially in "vasoconstriction of blood vessel" (related DEPs: ACTA2, DDAH1, FBN1, FGA, FGB, and FGG). Upstream regulator analyses of DEPs identifies STAT3 as inhibitor of ACTA2, FGA, FGB, and FGG. ConclusionThe results of this study indicate that intrauterine hyperglycemia is associated with an elevated risk of cardiovascular risk in the offspring.
Early postpartum dyslipidemia and its potential predictors during pregnancy in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background This study aimed to analyze the incidence of early postpartum dyslipidemia and its potential predictors in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods This was a retrospective study. Five hundred eighty-nine women diagnosed with GDM were enrolled and followed up at 6-12 weeks after delivery. A 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and lipid levels were performed during mid-trimester and the early postpartum period. Participants were divided into the normal lipid group and dyslipidemia group according to postpartum lipid levels. Demographic and metabolic parameters were analyzed. Multiple logistic regression was performed to analyze the potential predictors for early postpartum dyslipidemia. A receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) was calculated to determine the cut-off values. Results A total of 38.5% of the 589 women developed dyslipidemia in early postpartum and 60% of them had normal glucose metabolism. Delivery age, systolic blood pressure (SBP), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were independent predictors of early postpartum dyslipidemia in women with a history of GDM. The cut-offs of maternal age, SBP, HbA1c values, and LDL-C levels were 35 years, 123 mmHg, 5.1%, and 3.56 mmol/L, respectively. LDL-C achieved a balanced mix of high sensitivity (63.9%) and specificity (69.2%), with the highest area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) (0.696). When LDL-C was combined with age, SBP, and HbA1c, the AUC reached to 0.733. Conclusions A lipid metabolism evaluation should be recommended in women with a history of GDM after delivery, particularly those with a maternal age > 35 years, SBP > 123 mmHg before labor, HbA1c value > 5.1%, or LDL-C levels > 3.56 mmol/L in the second trimester of pregnancy.
Cardiovascular risk factors in Chinese women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) are at increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases compared with normal women. This study aimed to evaluate the cardiovascular risk factors in Chinese women with GDM. Methods: 453 women with GDM (cases) and 1,180 healthy women (controls) were included in this study. The post-partum examinations included 2 h 75 g oral glucose tolerance tests, lipid profiles, anthropometric measurements (blood pressure, height, weight) and documentation of medical history, diet, and lifestyle. Results: Compared with controls, the risks of abnormal glucose metabolism, obesity, hypertension, metabolic syndrome in women with a history of GDM were 4.61, 1.30, 1.57 and 3.52, respectively. Fasting blood glucose, progestational body mass index (pBMI) and antenatal insulin resistance at antenatal visit were predictors for abnormal glucose metabolism. pBMI and antenatal diastolic blood pressure were predictors for hypertension. pBMI and weight gain during pregnancy were predictors for obesity/overweight. pBMI, antenatal systolic blood pressure and antenatal triglyceride were predictors for metabolic syndrome. Conclusions: Women with a history of GDM have increased rates of cardiovascular disease risk factors including abnormal glucose metabolism, obesity, hypertension, metabolic syndrome. pBMI is the common independent predictors of cardiometabolic disease in the post-partum.
Left atrial shortening fraction to predict fetal cardiac abnormalities and dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus; ObjectiveTo evaluate the diagnostic efficiency of left atrial shortening fraction (LASF) in the detection of fetal cardiac abnormalities and dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). MethodsIn this study, we enrolled 256 pregnant women and divided them into GDM group (n = 156) and control group (n = 100). Fetal echocardiography was performed at 24-28 weeks of gestation to measure the LASF and interventricular septum (IVS) thickness. Based on IVS thickness, the GDM group was subdivided into the septal hypertrophy group (GDM I, n = 62) and non-septal hypertrophy group (GDM II, n = 94). LASF and IVS thickness were compared between the GDM and control groups and between GDM I and GDM II groups. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was performed to determine the diagnostic accuracy of LASF in predicting septal hypertrophy. ResultsThe GDM group had a larger IVS thickness (P < 0.05) but a lower LASF level (P < 0.001) than those of the control group. GDM I group had significantly lower LASF level than that in the GDM II group (P < 0.001). At 38.41% as the cutoff value, the LASF can predict septal hypertrophy with diagnostic sensitivity and specificity of 96.7% and 65.2%, respectively. ConclusionFetal GDM are more likely to induce septal hypertrophy and ventricular dysfunction. LASF is a good indicator of septal hypertrophy or early diastolic dysfunction without septal hypertrophy.
Maternal cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus at 35-36 weeks' gestation and 6 months postpartum; Objective Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for adverse cardiovascular outcome later in life. However, it is uncertain whether this increased risk is due to cardiovascular changes occurring during pregnancy and persisting thereafter or to an adverse underlying cardiovascular risk factor profile. Some studies have reported that GDM is associated with reduced systolic and diastolic left ventricular function in pregnancy; however, it remains unknown whether these changes persist after delivery. The objective of this study was to compare cardiac function and structure in women with GDM and those with uncomplicated pregnancy at 35-36weeks' gestation and about 6 months after delivery. Methods This was a longitudinal study in which women with GDM and those with uncomplicated pregnancy had detailed cardiovascular assessment at 35-36 weeks' gestation and repeat examination around 6 months after delivery. In all women, left ventricular systolic and diastolic indices were measured and left ventricular mass indexed for body surface area was calculated. Cardiac output and peripheral vascular resistance were also calculated using echocardiography. Linear mixed model analysis accounting for differences in maternal characteristics was carried out to compare findings of cardiovascular function between the GDM group and controls and within each group at 35-36 weeks' gestation and at 6 months after delivery. Results We studied 73 women with GDM and 73 controls with uncomplicated pregnancy. At 35-36weeks' gestation, women with GDM, compared to controls, had higher E/e' ratio and lower E/A ratio and global longitudinal systolic strain; there were no significant differences between the groups in ejection fraction. Left ventricular mass indexed for body surface area was also increased in women with GDM. There were no significant differences between the groups in cardiac output and peripheral vascular resistance. At 6 months after delivery, cardiac functional indices improved in both patients with GDM and controls, but in the GDM group, compared to controls, there was a lower degree of improvement in E/A ratio and global longitudinal systolic strain. Conclusion In the third trimester, patients with GDM have subtle differences in diastolic and systolic left ventricular function compared to controls and, despite improvement after delivery, these changes persist for at least 6 months. Long-term follow-up is therefore needed to assess whether women with GDM are at risk for an accelerated decline in their cardiac function and, if so, whether this trend can be reversed or delayed by optimal cardiovascular risk factor modification. Copyright (C) 2020 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal right heart growth in late-term pregnancy: A prospective study; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complication of pregnancy strongly associated with an increased risk of structural fetal abnormalities. As the fetal heart grows quickly during the late-term pregnancy period, it is important to understand fetal heart growth before birth. This study explored how GDM affects fetal heart growth by evaluating basic echocardiography indicators during late pregnancy. Methods This prospective, longitudinal study included 63 GDM patients (GDM group) and 67 healthy pregnant women (control group). All subjects underwent fetal echocardiography scans at gestational weeks 28-32, 32-36, and 36-40. Twelve echocardiographic indicators were assessed at each observation and analyzed by using a mixed model. Results The left atrial diameter (LA) and left ventricular end-diastolic diameter (LV) similarly increased from the first to the third observation. The right ventricular end-diastolic diameter (RV) was significantly different between the groups, and a group x time interaction was detected. The tricuspid annular peak systolic velocity (s') increased more rapidly in the GDM than the control group during the first to second observations, and the group x time interaction was significant. The increase in the tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) of the GDM group was "slow-fast", while that of the control group was "fast-slow", during three observations. After adjusting covariates, the group difference and interaction effect of TAPSE and RV remained significant. Conclusions The differences in fetal right heart indicators between the GDM and control groups suggest that GDM may affect the structure and functional growth of the fetal right heart during late-term pregnancy.
Unraveling the role of microRNAs: potential biomarkers for gestational diabetes mellitus revealed through RNA sequencing analysis; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses significant health risks for both mothers and children, contributing to long-term complications such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. This study explores the potential of microRNAs (miRNAs) as biomarkers for GDM by analyzing peripheral blood samples from GDM patients.Method Ten samples, including peripheral blood from 5 GDM patients and 5 controls, were collected to perform the RNA sequencing analysis. Differentially expressed miRNAs were further validated by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction.Results A total of 2287 miRNAs were identified, 229 of which showed differential expression. Validation by qRT-PCR confirmed significant up-regulation of miR-5193, miR-5003-3p, miR-3127-5p, novel-miR-96, miR-6734-5p, and miR-122-5p, while miR-10395-3p was down-regulated. Bioinformatics analyses revealed the involvement of these miRNAs in pathways associated with herpes simplex virus 1 infection.Conclusion This study provides insights into the differential expression of miRNAs in GDM patients and their potential roles in disease pathogenesis. It suggests that the differentially expressed miRNAs could serve as potential biomarkers for GDM, shedding light on the complex molecular mechanisms involved.
Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) decreases butyrylcholinesterase (BChE) activity and changes its relationship with lipids; Many conditions interfere with butyrylcholinesterase (BChE) activity, e. g., pregnancy or presence of the BCHE gene variant -116A can decrease activity whereas obesity and types I and II diabetes mellitus can increase activity. In this study, we examined BChE activity, -116A and 1615A BCHE gene variants, and anthropometric and biochemical variables associated with diabetes in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and in healthy pregnant women. BChE activity was measured spectrophotometrically using propionylthiocholine as substrate and genotyping of the -116 and 1615 sites of the BCHE gene was done with a TaqMan SNP genotyping assay. Three groups were studied: 150 patients with GDM, 295 healthy pregnant women and 156 non-pregnant healthy women. Mean BChE activity was significantly lower in healthy pregnant women than in women from the general population and was further reduced in GDM patients. BChE activity was significantly reduced in carriers of -116A in GDM patients and healthy pregnant women. Although GDM patients had a significantly higher mean body mass index (BMI) and triglycerides than healthy pregnant women, they had lower mean BChE activity, suggesting that the lowering effect of GDM on BChE activity was stronger than the characteristic enhancing effect of increased BMI and triglycerides.
Assessment of structural cardiac abnormalities and diastolic function in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: The main manifestation of hyperglycaemia during pregnancy is gestational diabetes mellitus. It can herald diabetes mellitus type 2 and its deleterious long-term effects, such as hypertension and cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to assess diastolic function in women with gestational diabetes mellitus, one of the first signs of future cardiovascular disease. Methods: A total of 21 women with gestational diabetes mellitus and 23 healthy pregnant women (control group) between 34 and 37weeks of gestation underwent echocardiographic assessment. The diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus was made in agreement with the American Diabetes Association criteria. Echocardiographic images obtained were analysed according to the criteria of the American Society of Echocardiography. Data were analysed using Pearson correlation coefficient, analysis of variance and Student's t-test. Results: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus had higher posterior wall and interventricular septum thickness, increased left ventricular mass and left ventricular mass index, lower early diastolic annular velocity and early diastolic annular velocity/late diastolic annular velocity ratio. There was a positive correlation between left ventricular mass index and fasting glucose and pregnancy body mass index. Conclusion: Patients with gestational diabetes mellitus seem to have a different diastolic profile as well as a mildly dysfunctional pattern on echocardiogram, which may show a need for greater glycaemic control.
Biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction in relation to impaired carbohydrate metabolism following pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: History of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a very young population of females predisposed for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Endothelial dysfunction might represent a shared precursor of both disorders. Hence, this study aimed to characterize endothelial biomarkers in relation to impaired insulin sensitivity and progression to overt diabetes early after index pregnancy. Methods: 108 women with previous GDM and 40 controls were included three to six months after delivery and underwent specific metabolic assessments including a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test and an oral glucose tolerance test. Diabetes progression was assessed in females with pGDM over 10 years of follow-up. Circulating sICAM-1 (intracellular-adhesion-molecule-1), sVCAM-1 (vascular-cell-adhesion-molecule-1) and sE-selectin, representing biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction were assessed at baseline and annually over five years. \Results: Endothelial biomarkers were significantly associated with insulin sensitivity (sICAM-1: r = -0.23, p = 0.009; sVCAM-1: r = -0.22, p = 0.011; sE-selectin: r = -0.21, p = 0.018) as well as with GDM status and parameters of subtle inflammation. Analysis of long-term trajectories revealed constantly elevated sICAM-1 (p = 0.033) and sE-selectin (p = 0.007) in 25 subjects with diabetes progression. Accordingly, sE-selectin levels at the early post partum visit predicted a later development of the disease (HR = 1.02 95%CI 1.01 to 1.04, p = 0.013), however, this was attenuated after adjustment for BMI. Conclusions: Elevated circulating markers of endothelial dysfunction in young females with GDM history might reflect an early stage on the pathway to the manifestation of future cardiometabolic disorders. Timely identification of women at high risk and optimization of follow-up management might provide an opportunity to prevent disease progression.
A cross-sectional study of antenatal depressive symptoms in women at high risk for gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To examine differences in antenatal depressive symptoms between women at high risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pregnant women in the general population. Methods: We recruited pregnant women at high risk for GDM, based on a history of GDM and/or prepregnancy BMI >= 30 kg/m(2), (n = 482) and pregnant women in the general population (n = 358) before 20 weeks of gestation. Depressive symptoms were assessed by the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS). Results: Of the women at high risk for GDM, 17% had an EPDS score 10 (indicating risk for depression) compared to 11% of the pregnant women in the general population (p = .025). The mean EPDS score was also higher in the women at risk for GDM (5.5, SD 4.5 vs. 4.6, SD 3.9,p = .004, effect size 0.21 [95% Cl: 0.07 to 034]). After adjusting for age, prepregnancy BMI and income, the difference between the groups was no longer significant either in the proportion of women having an EPDS score L 10 (p = .59) or in the mean EPDS score (p = .39). Conclusion: After controlling for age, prepregnancy BMI and income, women at high risk for GDM did not have greater depressive symptoms compared to pregnant women in the general population in early pregnancy. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc All rights reserved.
Relationship between mean platelet volume and vitamin D deficiency in gestational <i>diabetes mellitus</i>; Objective: To investigate whether vitamin D deficiency is associated with high mean platelet volume (MPV) in pregnancies diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to healthy pregnancies. Subjects and methods: This study included 200 pregnant women. 25-hydroxyvitamin D-3 (25(OH)D-3) and MPV values were monitored between pregnant women with GDM and normal glucose metabolism. Correlation between 25(OH)D-3 and MPV was calculated both in GDM and healthy pregnancies. Both 25(OH)D-3 level in different MPV percentile (<= 50, 50-75, 75-90, >= 90 percentile) and MPV value in different 25(OH)D-3 level (<= 10, 10-20, >= 20 ng/mL) were calculated. Results: Low 25(OH)D-3 level and high MPV were observed both in GDM group (p = 0.007, p = 0.06, respectively) and in glucose metabolism disorders (GMD) group (p = 0.03, p = 0.04, respectively). There was no significant relationship between 25(OH)D-3 and MPV in healthy pregnancies. Whereas, it is observed that there is a negative, but statistically insignificant correlation between MPV and 25(OH)D-3 pregnant women with GMD (r = 0.1, r = -0.7, respectively). MPV values had significantly higher in vitamin D deficient group than pregnant women with normal 25(OH)D-3 level in GMD group (p = 0.04). The optimal 25(OH)D-3 cut off point for predicting future cardiovascular risk was 10.4 ng/mL (area under curve (AUC) = 0.58). Conclusions: Vitamin D deficiency may contribute to an increased risk for future cardiovascular diseases and a risk of thrombotic complications in pregnant women with GDM.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine is associated with high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and early carotid atherosclerosis in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; Asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) is increased in subjects with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between serum ADMA levels and early carotid atherosclerosis in women with history of GDM. A total of 42 normoglycemic women with previous GDM and 42 age-matched healthy controls were enrolled. Serum levels of ADMA, lipids, insulin, fasting and 2-h glucose following 75-g oral glucose tolerance test, and high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) were measured. Carotid atherosclerosis was evaluated by ultrasonographically determined intima-media thickness (IMT). Serum ADMA and hsCRP were higher in women with previous GDM compared to the healthy controls (0.72 +/- 0.16 vs. 0.41 +/- 0.15 mu mol/L, p < 0.001; 1.81 +/- 0.32 vs. 1.05 +/- 0.26 mg/L, p < 0.001; respectively). Carotid IMT was also increased in the previous GDM group (0.77 +/- 0.14 vs. 0.52 +/- 0.13 mm, p < 0.001). In women with previous GDM, ADMA was positively correlated with hsCRP (r = 41, p < 0.001) and carotid IMT (r = 0.38, p < 0.001). Multiple linear regression analysis revealed that ADMA was a significant predictor for elevated carotid IMT in subjects with previous GDM after adjusting for traditional risk factors (beta = 0.26, p = 0.017). Our data demonstrated that serum ADMA was associated with hsCRP and carotid IMT in normoglycemic women with previous GDM.
High Folate, Perturbed One-Carbon Metabolism and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Folate is a dietary micronutrient essential to one-carbon metabolism. The World Health Organisation recommends folic acid (FA) supplementation pre-conception and in early pregnancy to reduce the risk of fetal neural tube defects (NTDs). Subsequently, many countries (similar to 92) have mandatory FA fortification policies, as well as recommendations for periconceptional FA supplementation. Mandatory fortification initiatives have been largely successful in reducing the incidence of NTDs. However, humans have limited capacity to incorporate FA into the one-carbon metabolic pathway, resulting in the increasingly ubiquitous presence of circulating unmetabolised folic acid (uFA). Excess FA intake has emerged as a risk factor in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Several other one-carbon metabolism components (vitamin B12, homocysteine and choline-derived betaine) are also closely entwined with GDM risk, suggesting a role for one-carbon metabolism in GDM pathogenesis. There is growing evidence from in vitro and animal studies suggesting a role for excess FA in dysregulation of one-carbon metabolism. Specifically, high levels of FA reduce methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) activity, dysregulate the balance of thymidylate synthase (TS) and methionine synthase (MTR) activity, and elevate homocysteine. High homocysteine is associated with increased oxidative stress and trophoblast apoptosis and reduced human chorionic gonadotrophin (hCG) secretion and pancreatic beta-cell function. While the relationship between high FA, perturbed one-carbon metabolism and GDM pathogenesis is not yet fully understood, here we summarise the current state of knowledge. Given rising rates of GDM, now estimated to be 14% globally, and widespread FA food fortification, further research is urgently needed to elucidate the mechanisms which underpin GDM pathogenesis.
Early pregnancy metabolites predict gestational diabetes mellitus: implications for fetal programming; BACKGROUND: Aberrant fetal programming in gestational diabetes mellitus seems to increase the risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. The inability to accurately identify gestational diabetes mellitus in the first trimester of pregnancy has thwarted ascertaining whether early therapeutic interventions reduce the predisposition to these prevalent medical disorders. OBJECTIVE: A metabolomics study was conducted to determine whether advanced analytical methods could identify accurate predictors of gestational diabetes mellitus in early pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: This nested observational case-control study was composed of 92 gravidas (46 in the gestational diabetes mellitus group and 46 in the control group) in early pregnancy, who were matched by maternal age, body mass index, and gestational age at urine collection. Gestational diabetes mellitus was diagnosed according to community standards. A comprehensive metabolomics platform measured 626 endogenous metabolites in randomly collected urine. Consensus multivariate criteria or the most important by 1 method identified low-molecular weight metabolites independently associated with gestational diabetes mellitus, and a classification tree selected a subset most predictive of gestational diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: Urine for both groups was collected at a mean gestational age of 12 weeks (range, 6-19 weeks' gestation). Consensus multivariate analysis identified 11 metabolites independently linked to gestational diabetes mellitus. Classification tree analysis selected a 7-metabolite subset that predicted gestational diabetes mellitus with an accuracy of 96.7%, independent of maternal age, body mass index, and time of urine collection. CONCLUSION: Validation of this high-accuracy model by a larger study is now needed to support future studies to determine whether therapeutic interventions in the first trimester of pregnancy for gestational diabetes mellitus reduce shortand long-term morbidity.
Gestational diabetes mellitus (Update 2023); Gestational diabetes (GDM) is defined as any degree of glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy and is associated with increased feto-maternal morbidity as well as long-term complications in mothers and the offspring. Women detected to have diabetes early in pregnancy receive the diagnosis of overt, non-gestational, diabetes (glucose: fasting = 126 mg/dl, spontaneous = 200 mg/dl or HbA(1c) = 6.5% before 20 weeks of gestation). GDM is diagnosed by an oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT) or increased fasting glucose (= 92 mg/dl). Screening for undiagnosed type 2 diabetes at the first prenatal visit is recommended in women at increased risk (history of GDM/pre-diabetes; malformation, stillbirth, successive abortions or birth weight > 4500 g previously; obesity, metabolic syndrome, age > 35 years, vascular disease; clinical symptoms of diabetes (e.g. glucosuria) or ethnic origin with increased risk for GDM/T2DM (Arab, South- and Southeast Asian, Latin American)) using standard diagnostic criteria. Performance of the oGTT (120 min; 75 g glucose) may already be indicated in the first trimester in high-risk women but is mandatory between gestational week 24-28 in all pregnant women with previous non-pathological glucose metabolism. Following WHO recommendations, which are based on the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome (HAPO) study, GDM is defined, if fasting venous plasma glucose is = 92 mg/dl or 1 h = 180 mg/dl or 2 h = 153 mg/dl after glucose loading (international consensus criteria). In case of one pathological value a strict metabolic control is mandatory. After bariatric surgery we do not recommend to perform an oGTT due to risk of postprandial hypoglycemia. All women with GDM should receive nutritional counseling, be instructed in blood glucose self-monitoring and motivated to increase physical activity to moderate intensity levels-if not contraindicated (Evidence level A). If blood glucose levels cannot be maintained in the therapeutic range (fasting < 95 mg/dl and 1 h after meals < 140 mg/dl, Evidence level B) insulin therapy should be initiated as first choice (Evidence level A). Maternal and fetal monitoring is required in order to minimize maternal and fetal/neonatal morbidity and perinatal mortality. Regular obstetric examinations including ultrasound examinations are recommended (Evidence level A). Neonatal care of GDM offspring at high risk for hypoglycaemia includes blood glucose measurements after birth and if necessary appropriate intervention. Monitoring the development of the children and recommendation of healthy lifestyle are important issues to be tackled for the whole family. After delivery all women with GDM have to be reevaluated as to their glucose tolerance by a 75 g oGTT (WHO criteria) 4-12 weeks postpartum. Assessment of glucose parameters (fasting glucose, random glucose, HbA(1c) or optimally oGTT) are recommended every 2-3 years in case of normal glucose tolerance. All women have to be instructed about their increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease at follow-up. Possible preventive meassures, in particular lifestyle changes as weight management and maintenance/increase of physical activity should be discussed (evidence level A).
Novel <i>MYH7</i> Variant in the Neonate of a Mother with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Showing Left Ventricular Hypertrophy and Noncompaction; Background: Left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) is a well-recognized cardiac dysfunction in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Left ventricular noncompaction (LVNC) is a cardiomyopathy that is morphologically characterized by numerous prominent trabeculations and deep intertrabecular recesses on cardiovascular imaging. However, there have been no case reports on neonates of mothers with GDM showing LVH and LVNC. Case presentation: A patient, with LVH of a mother with GDM, was delivered at 36 weeks of gestation. Prominent trabeculations in the LV, suggesting LVNC, instead of LVH, were apparent 1 week after birth. A heterozygous deletion variant in the MYH7 gene (NM_000257.4: c.1090T>C, p.Phe364Leu) was discovered through genetic testing using a cardiomyopathy-associated gene panel in the patient and his father and the older brother who had LVNC. The patient is now 5 years old and does not have major cardiac events, although LVNC persisted. This is the first case of LVH secondary to a mother with GDM and LVNC with a novel variant in the MYH7 gene. Conclusion: Genetic testing should be conducted to obtain an accurate outcome and medical care in a patient with LVH and subsequently prominent hypertrabeculation in the LV.
Post-partum reclassification of glucose tolerance in women previously diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims To re-evaluate post-partum screening; fasting plasma glucose (FPG) vs. oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in Caucasian women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods Once breast-feeding had finished, an OGTT was performed in 120 women with previous GDM. They were classified according to World Health Organization (WHO) 1985 and American Diabetes Association (ADA) 1997 criteria. The kappa-statistic measure of agreement was used to compared both diagnostic categories. A receiver-operating characteristic (ROC) curve studied the FPG as a test to detect abnormal glucose tolerance. Results Identical diabetes prevalence (2%) but quite different intermediate categories (12% impaired glucose tolerance vs. 3% impaired fasting glucose) were observed with both criteria. The kappa-statistic (scaled from 0 to 1) was 0.38 (fair agreement), P = 0.000. The ROC curve area of the FPG was 0.65. Conclusions FPG is an unsatisfactory method of evaluating the glucose tolerance of Caucasian women with previous GDM. OGTT may be a better test for such a purpose.
Associations of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus with alterations in cardiovascular system in early childhood; Aims The association of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with childhood cardiovascular alterations is not well established. This study aims to test the hypothesis that prenatal exposure to GDM is associated with vascular and cardiac alterations in early childhood. Methods In a population-based prospective cohort among 1094 mothers and their offspring, GDM was diagnosed according to the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria. Childhood blood pressure (BP) measurement, echocardiography and vascular ultrasound were performed using standardised methods at 4 years old. The associations between maternal GDM and childhood cardiovascular outcomes were modelled using linear regression and binary logistic regression. Mediation analysis was conducted to test the potential mediators. Results Maternal GDM was associated with higher systolic BP (SBP; beta, 1.20; [0.11, 2.28]), lower left ventricular end-diastolic diameter (LVEDD; beta, -0.36; [-0.71, -0.01]), lower end-diastolic volume (EDV; beta, -1.42; [-2.71, -0.13]) and increased risk of high blood pressure (HBP, OR = 1.522; 95% CI, 1.023 to 2.264) in offspring at the age of 4 years. After stratification by sex, the association remained strong only in male offspring (SBP: beta, 1.94; [0.37, 3.51]; LVEDD: beta, -0.60; [-1.09, -0.12]; EDV: beta, -2.09; [-3.86, -0.31]; HBP: OR = 1.797; 95% CI, 1.063 to 3.037) and was independent of maternal and child characteristics. However, carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) was not associated with maternal GDM. Mediation analysis showed that the effects on childhood cardiovascular alterations were attributable mostly to the direct effects of maternal GDM. Conclusions Our results provide evidence that maternal GDM is associated with offspring cardiovascular adaptations at preschool age. Further studies are needed to replicate our results and the long-term effect of these adaptations on later cardiovascular risks needs further investigation.
Cardiovascular Disease-Associated MicroRNAs as Novel Biomarkers of First-Trimester Screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in the Absence of Other Pregnancy-Related Complications; We assessed the diagnostic potential of cardiovascular disease-associated microRNAs for the early prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in singleton pregnancies of Caucasian descent in the absence of other pregnancy-related complications. Whole peripheral venous blood samples were collected within 10 to 13 weeks of gestation. This retrospective study involved all pregnancies diagnosed with only GDM (n = 121) and 80 normal term pregnancies selected with regard to equality of sample storage time. Gene expression of 29 microRNAs was assessed using real-time RT-PCR. Upregulation of 11 microRNAs (miR-1-3p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-100-5p, miR-125b-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-181a-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-499a-5p, and miR-574-3p) was observed in pregnancies destinated to develop GDM. Combined screening of all 11 dysregulated microRNAs showed the highest accuracy for the early identification of pregnancies destinated to develop GDM. This screening identified 47.93% of GDM pregnancies at a 10.0% false positive rate (FPR). The predictive model for GDM based on aberrant microRNA expression profile was further improved via the implementation of clinical characteristics (maternal age and BMI at early stages of gestation and an infertility treatment by assisted reproductive technology). Following this, 69.17% of GDM pregnancies were identified at a 10.0% FPR. The effective prediction model specifically for severe GDM requiring administration of therapy involved using a combination of these three clinical characteristics and three microRNA biomarkers (miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, and miR-195-5p). This model identified 78.95% of cases at a 10.0% FPR. The effective prediction model for GDM managed by diet only required the involvement of these three clinical characteristics and eight microRNA biomarkers (miR-1-3p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-100-5p, miR-125b-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-499a-5p, and miR-574-3p). With this, the model identified 50.50% of GDM pregnancies managed by diet only at a 10.0% FPR. When other clinical variables such as history of miscarriage, the presence of trombophilic gene mutations, positive first-trimester screening for preeclampsia and/or fetal growth restriction by the Fetal Medicine Foundation algorithm, and family history of diabetes mellitus in first-degree relatives were included in the GDM prediction model, the predictive power was further increased at a 10.0% FPR (72.50% GDM in total, 89.47% GDM requiring therapy, and 56.44% GDM managed by diet only). Cardiovascular disease-associated microRNAs represent promising early biomarkers to be implemented into routine first-trimester screening programs with a very good predictive potential for GDM.
Type 1, type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus differentially impact placental pathologic characteristics of uteroplacental malperfusion; Introduction: During a pregnancy complicated by diabetes, the placenta undergoes a number of functional and structural pathologic changes. However, differences across studies may reflect pathophysiologic differences of diabetes types under investigation. Methods: We examined placental pathology from women ages 18-40 years with self-identified race/ethnicity; singleton, live births; and type 1 (T1DM; n = 36), type 2 (T2DM; n = 37), or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM; n = 126). Clinical data were abstracted from medical records. Placental diagnoses were independently re-reviewed by a perinatal pathologist. Multivariable analyses adjusting for race, gestational weight gain, gestational age, and systolic blood pressure were conducted. Results: Women with T1DM compared with either T2DM or GDM had higher gestational weight gain (mean +/- SD, T1DM vs. T2DM: 28.5 +/- 12.4 vs. 20.5 +/- 13.4 kg, p = 0.03; or GDM: 21.3 +/- 12.7 kg, p = 0.009) and insulin use (T2DM: 100.0% vs. 853%, p = 0.02; or GDM: 4.0%, p < 0.001). Women with T1DM compared with either T2DM or GDM also had a similarly lower prevalence of placental infarcts in univariate analyses; however, these findings did not remain significant after multivariable adjustment. Also, placentas from women with T2DM compared to GDM had higher rates of decidual vasculopathy when excluding women with preeclampsia (10.3 vs. 1.6%, p = 0.049) and diffuse chorangiosis (62.2 vs. 32.5%, p < 0.001) but a lower rate of villous immaturity (10.8 vs. 90.5%, p = 0.007) after full adjustment. Discussion: Placental vasculopathic abnormalities differ by maternal diabetes type, potentially reflecting underlying pathophysiologic mechanisms. Further research on placental pathology and metabolic derangements is warranted. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
VCAM-1, ICAM-1 and selectins in gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk for vascular disorders: metabolic memory perspective; Aim: Levels of VCAM-1, ICAM-1 and selectins in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) subjects are an indication of endothelial dysfunction predicting the future metabolic consequence via metabolic memory effect. Materials & methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted in 92 pregnant women and serum endothelial cell adhesion molecules were measured using Randox biochip analyzer. Results: Significantly elevated serum level of VCAM-1 was found in GDM subjects and in greater than equal to one parity categorized GDM group when compared with control. The correlation of parity and P-selectin was statistically significant in GDM subjects. Conclusion: Elevated levels of endothelial cell adhesion molecules in GDM women indicate an imbalance in vascular function. Transient hyperglycemia during pregnancy may induce persistent modifications to the memory cells and GDM subjects are more prone to develop future consequences.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: The Impact of Carbohydrate Quality in Diet; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as "glucose intolerance that is first diagnosed during pregnancy". Mothers with GDM and their infants may experience both short and long term complications. Dietary intervention is the first therapeutic strategy. If good glycaemic control is not achieved, insulin therapy is recommended. There is no consensus on which nutritional approach should be used in GDM. In the last few years, there has been growing evidence of the benefits of a low glycaemic index (LGI) diet on diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The effect of a LGI diet on GDM incidence has been investigated as well. Several studies observed a lower incidence of GDM in LGI diet arms, without adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. The main positive effect of the LGI diet was the reduction of 2-h post-prandial glucose (PPG). Several studies have also evaluated the effect of the LGI diet in GDM treatment. Overall, the LGI diet might have beneficial effects on certain outcomes, such as 2-h PPG, fasting plasma glucose and lipid profile in patients with GDM. Indeed, most studies observed a significant reduction in insulin requirement. Overall, according to current evidence, the LGI nutritional approach is safe and it might therefore be considered in clinical care for GDM.
Retinal vasculature and 5-year metabolic syndrome among women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at greater risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS). We studied the association between second-trimester retinal microvasculature and 5-year MetS incidence in women with GDM. Methods. A total of 142 mothers with GDM were recruited and followed up 5 years after delivery. Retinal photography was performed at 26-28 weeks gestation and metabolic outcomes were assessed at the 5-year postpartum follow-up visit. GDM and MetS were defined based on World Health Organization (WHO) guidelines and Adults Treatment Panel (ATP) III guidelines, respectively. Modified-Poisson regression was applied to study the association between second-trimester retinal microvasculature and incident 5-year maternal MetS, after adjusting for major confounders. Area under the curve (AUC) was calculated based on the final model. Results. Our prospective cohort reported a 9.2% incidence rate of 5-year MetS among women with GDM. After adjusting for maternal age, ethnicity, college degree, pre-pregnancy BMI and fasting glucose at 26-28 week gestation, each 10 mu m widening in retinal venular caliber was associated with an increased relative risk of 1.6 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.0, 2.8) in incident MetS. In addition to traditional risks of pre-pregnancy BMI and fasting glucose level at 26-28 week gestation, retinal venular caliber mildly increased the prediction of 5-year maternal MetS by 1.8%. Conclusions. Second-trimester retinal venular widening was associated with incident 5-year maternal MetS in women with GDM. Our study suggests that mother with GDM at risk of future MetS development may have already presented retinal microvascular abnormalities during pregnancy. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus present an accumulation of cardiovascular risk factors at age 46-A birth cohort study; Introduction: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is globally increasing, and it has been associated with later type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, long-term population-based studies investigating common CVD risk factors years after pregnancy are lacking. To evaluate the future mortality and morbidity in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, we conducted a thorough investigation of midlife risk factors in women with and without previous GDM. Material and Methods: A prospective population-based cohort study was conducted of 3173 parous women from the Northern Finland Birth Cohort, 1966. Subjects were obtained from the national register or patient records. Those with a GDM diagnosis formed the GDM cohort (n = 271), and those without a previous GDM diagnosis formed the control cohort (n = 2902). Clinical examinations were performed on participants at the age of 46 and included anthropometric measurements, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), biochemical measurements, and cardiovascular assessment. Results: At the age of 46, women in the GDM cohort had a higher body mass index (BMI, 29.0 kg/m(2) vs 26.3 kg/m(2), p < 0.001) and greater waist circumference (94.1 cm vs 86.5 cm, p < 0.001) than the control cohort. In the GDM cohort, a higher incidence of impaired glucose tolerance (12.6% vs 7.3%, p = 0.002), more previously diagnosed and OGTT-detected type 2 diabetes (23.3% vs 3.9%, p < 0.001), lower high-density lipoprotein (1.53 mmol/L vs 1.67 mmol/L, p = 0.011), higher triglycerides (1.26 mmol/L vs 1.05 mmol/L, p = 0.002) and a higher fatty liver index (6.82 vs 2.47, p < 0.001), were observed even after adjusting for BMI, polycystic ovary syndrome, parity, level of education, physical activity, smoking, and alcohol consumption. The women in the GDM cohort also had more MetS (42.6% vs 21.9%, p < 0.001) and higher risk scores for CVD and fatal events (Framingham 4.95 vs 3.60, p < 0.001; FINRISK 1.71 vs 1.08, p < 0.001). Conclusions: Women with a previous diagnosis of GDM exhibit more risk factors for CVD in midlife and are at a higher risk for cardiovascular events later in life.
RETRACTED: Early Assessment of Cardiac Function by Echocardiography in Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (Retracted Article); Objective. To offer a baseline for clinical diagnosis, echocardiography was performed to evaluate the disparities in heart function comparing pregnant women with diabetes mellitus (GDM) and ordinary pregnant women. Methods. A prospective case-control study is being conducted on pregnant women with or without gestational diabetes. The sample size for both the intervention and control groups is the same: no diabetes diagnosis or previous forms, a single pregnancy, and no issues (such as preeclampsia or fetal growth restriction). The females were all subjected to routine echocardiograms to examine the morphology and function of their left and right hearts. Results. In the research, 51 women with GDM and 50 healthy controls volunteered. Women with GDM had a significantly higher heartrate (82 & PLUSMN;9 vs. 74 & PLUSMN;8), left ventricular (LV) relative wall thickness (0.39 & PLUSMN;0.06 vs. 0.31 & PLUSMN;0.07; P < 0.001), LV early diastolic transmitral valve velocity (E) (0.79 & PLUSMN;0.14 vs. 0.72 & PLUSMN;0.13 m/s; P=0.031), and LV late diastolic implementing regulations valve velocity (0.6). Speckle-tracking analysis showed significant decrease in LV right ventricular (RV). A study indicated a reduced pulmonary acceleration time (59 & PLUSMN;9 vs. 68 & PLUSMN; 12 ms; P=0.001), RV E/A ratio (1.21 & PLUSMN;0.19 vs. 1.31 & PLUSMN;0.31; P=0.022), and a greater RV myocardial systolic annular velocity (0.17 & PLUSMN;0.03 vs. 0.12 & PLUSMN;0.03; P=0.023). Conclusions. Our results revealed that the heart function of diabetic pregnant women differed considerably from that of the control group, such as LV-RWT, LV diastolic transmitral valve speed, and LV late diastolic transmitral valve speed. Given these results, further research into the postpartum cardiovascular healing of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus is required.
Increased risk of cardiovascular disease in young women following gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE - To determine whether women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) following pregnancy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - All women aged 20-49 years with live births between April 1994 and March 1997 in Ontario, Canada, were identified. Women with GDM were matched with 10 women without GDM and were followed for CVD. 262 women 191 women with GDM and 81 RESULTS - The matched cohorts included 8,, without GDM. Mean age at entry was 31 years, and median follow-tip was 11.5 years. The hazard ratio for CVD events was 1.71 (95% CI 1.08-2.69). After adjustment for subsequent type 2 diabetes, the hazard ratio was attenuated (1.13 [95% CI 0.67-1.89]). CONCLUSIONS - Young women with GDM had a substantially increased risk for CVD compared with women without GDM. Much of this increased risk was attributable to subsequent development of type 2 diabetes.
Platelets and endothelial dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has increased in recent years, along with the higher prevalence of obesity in women of reproductive age. GDM is a pathology associated with vascular dysfunction in the fetoplacental unit. GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction alters the transfer of nutrients to the foetus affecting newborns and pregnant women. Various mechanisms for this vascular dysfunction have been proposed, of which the most studied are metabolic alterations of the vascular endothelium. However, different cell types are involved in GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction, including platelets. Platelets are small, enucleated cell fragments that actively take part in blood haemostasis and thrombus formation. Thus, they play crucial roles in pathologies coursing with endothelial dysfunction, such as atherosclerosis, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes mellitus. Nevertheless, platelet function in GDM is understudied. Several reports show a potential relationship between platelet volume and mass with GDM; however, platelet roles and signaling mechanisms in GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction are unclear. This review summarizes the reported findings and proposes a link among altered amount, volume, mass, reactivity, and function of platelets and placenta development, resulting in fetoplacental vascular dysfunction in GDM.
Associations of prognostic nutritional index with risk of all-cause and cardiovascular disease mortalities in persons with gestational diabetes mellitus: A NHANES-based analysis; ObjectiveTo investigate relationships between prognostic nutritional index (PNI) during pregnancy and risk of all-cause mortality (ACM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality in persons with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).MethodsA cross-sectional study was conducted using NHANES data from 2007 to 2018, and weighted Cox regression models were established. Restricted cubic spline analysis was used to unveil associations of PNI with risk of ACM and CVD mortalities in individuals with GDM. Receiver operating characteristic curve was employed for determination of threshold value for association of PNI with mortality. Sensitivity analysis was performed to verify the stability of the results.Results734 GDM individuals and 7987 non-GDM individuals were included in this study. In GDM population, after adjusting for different categorical variables, PNI was significantly negatively correlated with ACM risk. Subgroup analysis showed that among GDM populations with no physical activity, moderate physical activity, parity of 1 or 2, negative correlation between PNI and risk of ACM was stronger than other subgroups. Sensitivity analysis results showed stable negative correlations between PNI and ACM and CVD mortality of total population, and between PNI and ACM of GDM.ConclusionIn individuals with GDM, PNI was negatively correlated with ACM risk, especially in populations with no physical activity, moderate physical activity, and parity of 1 or 2. PNI = 50.75 may be an effective threshold affecting ACM risk in GDM, which may help in risk assessment and timely intervention for individuals with GDM.
Impact of dietary counseling on the perception of diet in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims/introduction Medical nutrition therapy is the cornerstone of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treatment. Patients with GDM should receive dietary counseling regarding diet and exercise. Materials and methods To study patients' perception level of diet and their level of understanding after dietary counseling, we analyzed 225 reports of dietary counseling of patients with GDM prepared by dieticians. We also assessed the patients' level of understanding after dietary counseling by asking questions regarding the counseling content. The answers to the questions were aggregated, and substantially similar answers were grouped and categorized. Results The dieticians' suggestions were well understood by the patients. Moreover, the patients also identified their previous incorrect eating habits, such as excessive carbohydrate restriction or inappropriate fruit intake. Although distributed frequent meals were recommended by the dieticians, few patients actually practiced this for various reasons. Some patients were apparently influenced by dietary information from the mass media. Conclusion Dietary counseling was regarded as helpful and acceptable to most patients with GDM in our hospital, and many suggestions were recognized as informative for modification of previous dietary habits. By providing the results of the questionnaire survey to the dieticians, they can improve the quality of their counseling, which is expected to result in better individual care of the patients.
Recent Experimental Studies of Maternal Obesity, Diabetes during Pregnancy and the Developmental Origins of Cardiovascular Disease; Globally, cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of death. Most concerning is the rise in cardiovascular risk factors including obesity, diabetes and hypertension among youth, which increases the likelihood of the development of earlier and more severe cardiovascular disease. While lifestyle factors are involved in these trends, an increasing body of evidence implicates environmental exposures in early life on health outcomes in adulthood. Maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy, which have increased dramatically in recent years, also have profound effects on fetal growth and development. Mounting evidence is emerging that maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy have lifelong effects on cardiovascular risk factors and heart disease development. However, the mechanisms responsible for these observations are unknown. In this review, we summarize the findings of recent experimental studies, showing that maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy affect energy metabolism and heart disease development in the offspring, with a focus on the mechanisms involved. We also evaluate early proof-of-concept studies for interventions that could mitigate maternal obesity and gestational diabetes-induced cardiovascular disease risk in the offspring.
Role of Ductus Venosus Doppler Sonography for the Prediction of Perinatal Outcome in Term Pregnancies Complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Purpose Ductus venosus (DV) Doppler velocimetry reflects fetal cardiac function. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is assumed to impair cardiac function due to fetal hyperglycemia. The purpose of this study was to assess the ability of DV Doppler to predict an adverse perinatal outcome (APO) in term pregnancies with GDM. Methods This is a retrospective cohort study including GDM pregnancies of singleton, non-anomalous fetuses without any signs of placental dysfunction. All GDM women who primarily had a vaginal delivery attempt and in which DV Doppler was examined from 37+0 weeks on were included. Receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) analyses were performed to assess the predictive value of DV pulsatility index (DV-PI) regarding a composite APO (CAPO). Furthermore, a subgroup analysis was performed regarding the presence of a large-for-gestational-age (LGA) newborn. Results A total of n=89 cases were included. Overall, CAPO occurred in 26 out of 89 cases (29.2%). All DV Doppler examinations showed a positive A wave. DV-PI was>95th percentile in 8 out of 89 cases (9%). Overall, ROC analysis showed no significant association of DV-PI with CAPO (AUC=0.523, p=0.735). However, regarding individual APO parameters, ROC analysis showed a significant association of DV-PI with 5th-min AGPAR (AUC=0.960, p=0.027), which was not confirmed after exclusion of LGA cases. Conclusion In GDM pregnancies at term, DV Doppler sonography seems to have no benefit for APO prediction.
Clinical and Metabolic Characterization of Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Within the First Year Postpartum; Context Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of long-term complications, including impaired glucose metabolism, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), cardiovascular disease, and obesity. In current clinical practice, a 1 size fits all approach to GDM is applied, although heterogeneity among women with GDM has been recognized.Objective To give the most adequate preventive care and postpartum (PP) guidance, we aimed to make a metabolic characterization and identify subgroups of women with previous GDM within the first year PP.Methods In this prospective cohort study, we collected data in gestational week 34-38, at 3 months, and 1 year PP on women with GDM who participated in a PP follow-up program in Central Region Denmark from April 2019 to December 2022.Results In total, 1270 women were included in the program in late pregnancy. Of the 768 women participating in either the oral glucose tolerance test 3 months PP (n = 545) or the 1-year follow-up (n = 493) or both (n = 261), 608 (79.2%) were normoglycemic, 137 (17.8%) had prediabetes, 20 (2.6%) had T2DM, and 3 (.4%) had developed T1DM. More than 40% of the women gained weight in the first year PP compared with their pregestational weight.Conclusion Our study shows that 20.8% of women with GDM who volunteered to participate in a clinical follow-up program developed prediabetes or diabetes (T1DM and T2DM) within the first year PP. The GDM diagnosis encompasses a heterogenetic group of women and a deeper characterization may provide an opportunity for a more personalized risk assessment to prevent the progression to T2DM.
Cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus: A longitudinal study from fetal life to infancy; Objective To determine whether cardiac functional and structural changes in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) persist in the offspring beyond the neonatal period. Design Longitudinal study. Setting Fetal Medicine Unit in a UK teaching hospital. Methods 73 women with GDM and 73 women with uncomplicated pregnancy were recruited and fetal cardiac scans were performed at 35-36 weeks' gestation. Repeat echocardiogram was performed in their offspring during infancy. Main outcome measures Fetal and infant cardiac functional and structural changes. Results Fetuses of mothers with GDM, compared with controls, had more globular right ventricles (sphericity index 0.7, interquartile range [IQR] 0.6/0.7 versus 0.6, IQR 0.5/0.6,P < 0.001) and reduced right global longitudinal systolic strain (-16.4, IQR -18.9/-15.3 versus -18.5, IQR -20.6/-16.8,P = 0.001) and left global longitudinal systolic strain (-20.1, IQR -22.5/-16.9 versus -21.3, IQR -23.5/-19.5),P = 0.021). In the GDM group, compared with controls, in infancy there was higher left ventricular E/e' (8.7, IQR 7.3/9.7 versus 7.9 IQR, 6.8/8.9P = 0.011) and lower left ventricular global longitudinal systolic strain (-21.0, IQR -22.5/-19.4 versus -22.3, IQR -23.5/-20.7,P = 0.001) and tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (13.8, IQR 12.7/16.1 versus 15.2, IQR 13.8/16.8,P = 0.003). These differences remained following multivariable analysis. Conclusion Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with alterations in fetal cardiac function and structure compared with controls and persistent cardiac changes in infancy. Tweetable abstract Gestational diabetes mellitus, even when well controlled, is associated with fetal cardiac changes and these persist in infancy.
Plasma concentration of trimethylamine-<i>N</i>-oxide and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: The microbiota-dependent metabolite trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO) has been reported as a novel and independent risk factor for the development of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, but the association with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains unclear. Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the association between plasma TMAO concentration and GDM in a 2-phase study. Design: A 2-phase design was used in the current study. An initial phase included 866 participants (433 GDM cases and 433 matched controls) with fasting blood samples collected at the time of GDM screening (24-32 wk of gestation). An independent-phase study, with 276 GDM cases and 552 matched controls who provided fasting blood samples before 20 wk of gestation and who had GDM screened during 24-32 wk of gestation, was nested within a prospective cohort study. These 2 studies were both conducted in Wuhan, China, and the incidence of GDM in the cohort study was 10.8%. Plasma TMAO concentrations were determined by stable isotope dilution liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. GDM was diagnosed according to the American Diabetes Association criteria by using an oral-glucose-tolerance test. Results: In the initial case-control study, the adjusted OR of GDM comparing the highest TMAO quartile with the lowest quartile was 1.94 (95% CI: 1.28, 2.93). Each SD increment of ln-transformed plasma TMAO was associated with 22% (95% CI: 5%, 41%) higher odds of GDM. In the nested case-control study, women in the highest quartile also had increased odds of GDM (adjusted OR: 2.06; 95% CI: 1.28, 3.31) compared with women in the lowest quartile, and the adjusted OR for GDM per SD increment of ln-transformed plasma TMAO was 1.26 (95% CI: 1.08, 1.47). Conclusions: Consistent findings from this 2-phase study indicate a positive association between plasma TMAO concentrations and GDM. Future studies are warranted to elucidate the underlying mechanisms.
Low-educated women have an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: the Generation R Study; To investigate whether maternal educational level is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and to what extent risk factors for GDM mediate the effect of educational level. We examined data of 7,511 pregnant women participating in a population-based cohort study in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. The highest achieved education was categorized into four levels. Diagnosis of GDM was retrieved from delivery records. Odds ratios (OR) of GDM were calculated for levels of education, adjusting for confounders and potential mediators. Mediators were selected according to Baron and Kenny's causal step approach. Adjusted for ethnicity, age, family history of diabetes and parity, women in the lowest educational level were three times more likely to develop GDM than women in the highest level (OR 3.07; 95 % CI 1.37, 6.89). Selected mediators were alcohol use and body mass index (BMI). Additional adjustment for alcohol use attenuated the OR to 2.54 (95 % CI 1.11, 5.78). The individual addition of BMI attenuated the OR to 2.35 (95 % CI 1.03, 5.35). All mediators together explained 51 % (95 % CI -122, -25) of the association between low education and GDM. Low maternal educational level is associated with GDM, which is mainly due to higher rates of overweight and obesity. In order to reduce the higher rates of GDM, and consequently type 2 diabetes among women in low socioeconomic subgroups, prevention and intervention strategies need to be focused on reducing the rates of overweight and obesity before pregnancy.
Fetal myocardial performance in pregnancies complicated by gestational impaired glucose tolerance; Objective To determine fetal myocardial performance in pregnancies complicated by mild gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT). Methods Ultrasound examinations were performed in 37 pregnant women with mild GIGT (36 did not require insulin) and in 44 controls at 18-24, 26-30 and 34-37 weeks of gestation. The thickness of the fetal ventricular walls and interventricular septum were measured by M-mode echocardiography. Using conventional Doppler echocardiography, the mitral and tricuspid early (E) and late (A) diastolic velocities and the ventricular myocardial performance index (MPI) were determined. Results The fetuses of women with GIGT had a greater abdominal circumference (P = 0.02), a larger amniotic fluid index (P = 0.03), and a tendency to be heavier (P = 0.058) at the third scan. There were no significant differences in myocardial thickness, mitral and tricuspid E and A velocities, and E/A ratios between study and control groups. The left and right ventricular MPIs, while similar between the two groups in the first and second scans, had decreased significantly by late gestation in the GIGT fetuses (P for trend = 0.018 and 0.014, respectively) and were significantly lower than those of the control group (P = 0.002 and 0.0008, respectively). Conclusions Fetuses of women with mild GIGT lack the ventricular hypertrophy and diastolic dysfunction that is common in fetuses of diabetic mothers, and they have a decreased MPI late in gestation. Copyright (c) 2007 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Beneficial effects of dietary omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on offspring brain development in gestational diabetes mellitus; Various mechanisms through which maternal diet influences offspring brain development in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains unclear. We speculate that prenatal omega 3 fatty acids will improve the levels of brain neurotrophins and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), an angiogenic factor leading to improved cognitive performance in the offspring. GDM was induced in Wistar rats using streptozotocin. They were assigned to either control, GDM or GDM+O (GDM + omega-3 fatty acid supplementation). The offspring were followed till 3 mo of age and cognitive assessment was undertaken. Data analysis was carried out using one-way ANOVA followed by LSD test. GDM induction increased (p < 0.01) dam glucose levels and lowered brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels (p = 0.056) in the offspring at birth. At 3 months, GDM group showed significantly lower levels of neurotrophic tyrosine kinase receptor-2 (NTRK-2) and VEGF, lower mRNA levels of NTRK-2 and cAMP response element-binding protein (CREB) (P < 0.05 for all) as compared to control. The GDM offspring had a higher escape latency (p < 0.01), made lesser % correct choices and more errors (p < 0.05 for both). Prenatal supplementation with omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids was beneficial since it ameliorated some of the adverse effects of GDM.
Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 and AGEs are associated with cardiovascular risk factors in women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: Although most women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) return to normal glucose tolerance after delivery, they have increased risk of cardiometabolic diseases. This study aimed to evaluate the relationships between plasma levels of Lp-pla2 and AGEs and cardiometabolic risk factors in women with GDM. Methods: 190 women with GDM (cases) and 80 healthy women (controls) were enrolled. Demographic and clinical data were collected and analyzed about 2 years after the delivery. Results: Of the 190 cases, 19 (10%), 38 (20%) and 10 (5%) had type 2 diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome and hypertension after delivery, respectively. There were significant differences in variables between cases and controls: Lp-pla2 (pg/mL) 1991.5 +/- 905.3 versus 1527.0 +/- 799.8; AGEs (ng/mL) 403.0 +/- 208.6 versus 321.8 +/- 150.3. The plasma Lp-pla2 and AGEs levels were positively correlated with metabolic indexes in women with previous GDM. Conclusion: Women with GDM have increased risk of cardiometabolic disease. AGEs and Lp-pla2 could be utilized as novel biomarkers to identify at an early stage of women with increased risk of metabolic and cardiovascular disease.
Oxidative stress and antioxidant status in patients with late-onset gestational diabetes mellitus; The relationship between late-onset gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM] and oxidative stress is not well known, and the importance of the oxidant/antioxidant equilibrium in the clinical evolution and its complications require elucidation. The aim of the study was to evaluate the relationships between maternal levels of markers of oxidative stress in women with late-onset GDM that, potentially, may have considerable clinical implications in the pathogenesis and/or the evolution of GDM. Pregnant women (n = 78; 53 with GDM, 25 controls), between the 24th and 29th week of gestation, were enrolled. Both groups were analysed for demographic data, perinatal and obstetrics outcomes together with the levels of the marker's oxidative stress and antioxidant status. Control versus patient results in the univariate analysis were the following: pre-gestational body mass index [BMI] 23.31 +/- A 4.2 vs. 27.13 +/- A 4.6 kg/m(2) (P = 0.001); weeks at delivery 39.2 +/- A 3.05 vs. 38.9 +/- A 1.8 (P = 0.09); Caesarean delivery 12.5 vs. 43% (P = 0.004); macrosomia 4 vs. 9.4% (P = 0.6); lipoperoxides [LPO] 2.06 +/- A 1.00 vs. 3.14 +/- A 1.55 mu mol/mg (P = 0.001); catalase 3.23 +/- A 1.41 vs. 2.52 +/- A 1.3 nmol/min/ml (P = 0.03); superoxide dismutase [SOD] 0.11 +/- A 0.04 vs. 0.08 +/- A 0.01 U/ml (P = 0.0003); glutathione peroxidase [GPX] 0.03 +/- A 0.006 vs. 0.025 +/- A 0.006 nmol/min/ml (P = 0.01); glutathione reductase [GSH] 0.004 +/- A 0.002 vs. 0.004 +/- A 0.004 nmol/min/ml (P = 0.9)]; and glutathione transferase [GST] 0.0025 +/- A 0.0012 vs. 0.0027 +/- A 0.00017 nmol/min/ml (P = 0.7). Multivariate analysis showed catalase might have a protective effect against GDM development and LPO seems to be a risk factor for the disease. These data suggest an increase in oxidative stress and a decrease in antioxidative defence in women with late-onset GDM and, as such, may have considerable clinical implications in the pathogenesis and/or the course of the pregnancy in these patients.
Risks after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Taiwanese Women: A Nationwide Retrospective Cohort Study; Objective: An increasing trend in the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been reported in Taiwan. GDM has been linked to various adverse maternal outcomes over a long period, including cardiovascular disease (CVD) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, evidence implies that the effects of GDM on the mid-term surrogate risk factors for these diseases are limited. Furthermore, data from nationwide cohort studies are limited. The primary aim of this study was to investigate the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), arterial hypertension (aHTN), and hyperlipidemia (HL) through a 5-year follow-up post-delivery of women with GDM in a nationwide cohort study in Taiwan. The second objective was to investigate the risk of developing insulin resistance syndrome (IRS)-related diseases, including CVD, acute myocardial infarction (AMI), peripheral artery occlusive disease (PAOD), non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases (NAFLD), and CKD. Methods: This was a retrospective, population-based nationwide cohort study. The data source comprises a merge of the Birth Certificate Application Database (BCA) and the National Health Insurance Research Database in Taiwan. Women aged between 15 and 45 years who gave birth in Taiwan between 2004 and 2011 were included. Women who were enrolled and had a GDM diagnosis were assigned to the exposure group. Women who were enrolled without a GDM diagnosis were assigned to the comparison group. The relative risk of developing T2DM, aHTN, HL, and IRS-related diseases, including CVD, AMI, PAOD, NAFLD, and CKD, were analyzed and presented as hazard ratio (HR) through Cox regression and log-rank regression analyses. Results: A total of 1,180,477 women were identified through the BCA database between 2004 and 2011. Of those, 71,611 GDM-diagnosed women and 286,444 women without GDM were included in the final analysis. After adjusting for age, pre-existing cancer, and parity, developing T2DM, aHTN, and HL were still significantly increased in the GDM group (HR and interquartile range (IQR): 2.83 (2.59, 3.08), 1.09 (1.01, 1.06), and 1.29 (1.20, 1.38), accordingly). CVD, NAFLD, and CKD had a very low incidence and showed insignificant results. Conclusion: Our findings provide nationwide cohort data showing that GDM increased the risk of developing T2DM, aHTN, and HL 5 years after delivery within the same group. The GDM complications and risk of CVD, AMI, PAOD, NAFLD, and CKD need further investigation.
Cardiac Troponin T in Neonates from Normal and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Pregnancy; This study is aimed at testing the hypothesis that serum analysis of high-sensitivity troponin T in neonates may serve as a diagnostic tool to predict the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). 86 newborns were studied and stratified into two groups: healthy group; newborns with body weight & GE;10th percentile, born in good condition (APG 8-10pts) of pregnancy not complicated by diabetes, and the GDM group; neonates born to mothers with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. Results. The study revealed minimal troponin levels in GDM, and healthy groups equal to 0.02 ng/mL and 0.028 ng/mL, respectively. The GDM group is defined by an interquartile range of hs-TnT higher than the healthy group. This study confirms previously reported upper levels of troponin in healthy children. There are possible health problems that can appear during infancy and influence the further development of a child affected by GDM.
Oxidized LDL, insulin resistance and central blood pressure after gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an indicator of future cardiovascular disease. We investigated whether sensitive biomarkers of increased cardiovascular risk differ between women with and without a history of GDM few years after pregnancy, and whether obesity affects the results. Material and methods. We studied two cohorts -120 women with a history of GDM and 120 controls, on average 3.7 years after delivery. Circulating concentrations of oxidized low-density lipoprotein (oxLDL) were determined by ELISA. The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index was used to estimate insulin resistance. Central blood pressure (cBP) was measured noninvasively from a radial artery pulse wave. The primary outcomes were possible differences in oxLDL, HOMA-IR or cBP between the groups. Secondly, we investigated the influence of obesity on the results, also using adjusted multiple linear regression analyses. Results. OxLDL concentrations or cBP did not differ between the two cohorts, but HOMA-IR was significantly higher in women with previous GDM than in controls, 1.3 +/- 0.9 (SD) and 1.1 +/- 0.9, respectively (p = 0.022). In subgroup analyses, HOMA-IR (p < 0.001), systolic (p < 0.001) and diastolic (p < 0.001) cBP were significantly higher in obese subgroups compared with non-obese ones. Body mass index was an important determinant of HOMA-IR and cBP in multiple linear regression analyses. Conclusions. Over 3 years after delivery, women with GDM were still more insulin-resistant than controls. Obesity turned out to be a more important determinant of insulin resistance and cBP compared with GDM.
The risk of metabolic syndrome after gestational diabetes mellitus - a hospital-based cohort study; Background: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at an increased risk of developing metabolic syndrome (MetS) after delivery. Recently, the prevalence of both GDM and MetS has increased worldwide, in parallel with obesity. We investigated whether the presentation of MetS and its clinical features among women with previous GDM differs from that among those with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy, and whether excess body weight affects the results. Methods: This hospital-based study of two cohorts was performed in Kanta-Hame Central Hospital, Finland. 120 women with a history of GDM and 120 women with a history of normal glucose metabolism during pregnancy, all aged between 25 and 46 were enrolled. They all underwent physical examination and had baseline blood samples taken. All 240 women were also included in subgroup analyses to study the effect of excess body weight on the results. Results: Although the groups did not differ in body mass index (BMI; p = 0.069), the risk of developing MetS after pregnancy complicated by GDM was significantly higher than after normal pregnancy, 19 vs. 8 cases (p = 0.039). Fasting glucose (p < 0.001) and triglyceride levels (p < 0.001) were significantly higher in women affected. In subgroup analysis, cardiovascular risk factors were more common in participants with high BMI than in those with previous gestational diabetes. Conclusions: The risk of MetS was 2.4-fold higher after GDM than after normal pregnancy. Cardiovascular risk factors were more common in participants with high BMI than in those with previous GDM. Multivariate analysis supported the main findings. Weight control is important in preventing MetS after delivery.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Among Asians - A Systematic Review From a Population Health Perspective; Objective: Since Asians are particularly vulnerable to the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the lifecourse health implications of which are far beyond pregnancy, we aimed to summarize the literature to understand the research gaps on current GDM research among Asians. Methods: We systematically searched the articles in PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, and Scopus by 30 June 2021 with keywords applied on three topics, namely "GDM prevalence in Asians", "GDM and maternal health outcomes in Asians", and "GDM and offspring health outcomes in Asians". Results: We observed that Asian women (natives and immigrants) are at the highest risk of developing GDM and subsequent progression to type 2 diabetes among all populations. Children born to GDM-complicated pregnancies had a higher risk of macrosomia and congenital anomalies (i.e. heart, kidney and urinary tract) at birth and greater adiposity later in life. Conclusion: This review summarized various determinants underlying the conversion between GDM and long-term health outcomes in Asian women, and it might shed light on efforts to prevent GDM and improve the lifecourse health in Asians from a public health perspective.
Comprehensive analysis of serum metabolites in gestational diabetes mellitus by UPLC/Q-TOF-MS; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) refers to the first sign or onset of diabetes mellitus during pregnancy rather than progestation. In recent decades, more and more research has focused on the etiology and pathogenesis of GDM in order to further understand GDM progress and recovery. Using an advanced metabolomics platform based on ultra-performance liquid chromatography quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry (UPLC/Q-TOF-MS), we explored the changes in serum metabolites between women with GDM and healthy controls during and after pregnancy. Some significant differences were discovered using multivariate analysis including partial least-squares discriminant analysis (PLS-DA) and orthogonal PLS-DA (OPLS-DA). The dysregulated metabolites were further compared and verified in several databases to understand how these compounds might function as potential biomarkers. Analyses of the metabolic pathways associated with these potential biomarkers were subsequently explored. A total of 35 metabolites were identified, contributing to GDM progress to some extent. The identified biomarkers were involved in some important metabolic pathways including glycine, serine, and threonine metabolism; steroid hormone biosynthesis; tyrosine metabolism; glycerophospholipid metabolism; and fatty acid metabolism. The above mentioned metabolic pathways mainly participate in three major metabolic cycles in humans, including lipid metabolism, carbohydrate metabolism, and amino acid metabolism. In this pilot study, the valuable comprehensive analysis gave us further insight into the etiology and pathophysiology of GDM, which might benefit the feasibility of a rapid, accurate diagnosis and reasonable treatment as soon as possible but also prevent GDM and its related short- and long-term complications.
Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with increased leukocyte peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ expression; Introduction: Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR gamma) is a ligand-activated transcription factor of the nuclear receptor superfamily that is involved in lipid and carbohydrate metabolism as well as inflammation; thereby it participates in metabolic diseases including diabetes. Although PPAR gamma expression has been observed in different tissues of diabetic patients, its level in leukocytes from subjects affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has not yet been reported. This study aimed to investigate leukocyte PPARG expression in GDM patients at 24-33 weeks of gestation and, in turn, to correlate these alterations with anthropometric and metabolic parameters of patients. Material and methods: Leukocytes were isolated from the blood of normal glucose tolerant (NGT; n = 34) and GDM (n = 77) pregnant women between 24 and 33 weeks of gestation. Leukocyte PPARG mRNA expression was determined by semi-quantitative polymerase chain reaction. Univariate correlation analysis was performed to investigate associations between PPARG expression and clinical characteristics of patients. Results: Leukocyte PPARG mRNA level was significantly higher in GDM than NGT women (p < 0.05). In the whole study group, PPARG expression positively correlated with plasma glucose concentrations at 1 h (r = 0.222, p = 0.049) and 2 h (r = 0.315, p = 0.020) of 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and negatively correlated with plasma HDL cholesterol concentration (r = 0.351, p = 0.010). Conclusions: The correlation between leukocyte PPARG overexpression and hyperglycaemia suggests that PPARG mRNA expression in these cells might be up-regulated in high-glucose conditions in GDM patients at 24-33 weeks of gestation.
Fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity: A potential threat for programming cardiovascular disease; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and maternal obesity (MO) increase the risk of adverse fetal outcomes, and the incidence of cardiovascular disease later in life. Extensive research has been conducted to elucidate the underlying mechanisms by which GDM and MO program the offspring to disease. This review focuses on the role of fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in programming the offspring for cardiovascular disease in GDM and MO pregnancies. We discuss how pre-existing maternal health conditions can lead to vascular dysfunction in the fetoplacental unit and the fetus. We also examine the role of fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in impairing fetal cardiovascular system development and the involvement of nitric oxide and hydrogen sulfide in mediating fetoplacental vascular dysfunction. Furthermore, we suggest that the L-Arginine-Nitric Oxide and the AdenosineL-Arginine-Nitric Oxide (ALANO) signaling pathways are pertinent targets for research. Despite significant progress in this area, there are still knowledge gaps that need to be addressed in future research.
Inflammatory markers in women with a recent history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for both Type 2 diabetes (DM2) and insulin-resistance syndrome (IRS). C-reactive protein (CRP), fibrinogen and leukocyte count are increased in the IRS and predict DM2 and cardiovascular disease (CVD). The chemochine monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1/CCL2) is also elevated in DM2 and CVD. Recent evidence suggests a relation between chronic inflammation and GDM, but post-delivery information on inflammatory markers in these high-risk women is lacking. Serum levels of CRP, fibrinogen, MCP-1/CCL2, and leukocyte blood count have been assessed in 26 women with and 26 women without a recent history of GDM, matched for age, body mass index (BMI), post-partum duration and parity. DM2 was excluded in all the participants by an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Women with previous GDM showed significantly higher CRP (p=0.007) and fibrinogen (p=0.02) serum concentrations, whereas MCP-1/CCL2 serum levels and leukocyte blood count were comparable in the two groups. Overall, CRP levels significantly correlated with BMI (r=0.40, p=0.03), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) (r=0.44, p=0.001), fasting insulin (r=0.27, p=0.04), insulin-resistance assessed by means of the homeostatic model (HOMA) (r=0.28, p=0.04), and fibrinogen concentration (r=0.49, p=0.0001). At linear regression analysis, only WHR and fibrinogen were independently associated with CRP levels. In conclusion, the increase of inflammatory markers may be one of the first detectable disorders in healthy women at high risk of DM2 and IRS, like those with a GDM history.
Association between Food Deserts and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in a Large Metropolitan Area; Objective The aim of this study is to determine the relationship between urban food deserts and frequency and obstetric outcomes related to gestational diabetes. Study Design We conducted a retrospective cohort study of singleton births in Chicago from 2010 to 2014. Birth certificate data were analyzed and geomapped by census tract. Census tracts were categorized as "food deserts" according to the USDA Food Access Research Atlas. The primary outcome was frequency of gestational diabetes. Secondary outcomes were assessed among women with gestational diabetes and their neonates. Results Of the 191,947 eligible women, 8,709 (4.5%) were diagnosed with gestational diabetes. Those in food deserts were more likely to be younger, obese, minority race/ethnicity, and multiparous. Women in food deserts were less likely to develop gestational diabetes (3.8 vs. 4.8%, p <0.01; adjusted odds ratio 0.91, 95% confidence interval 0.86-0.96). Women with gestational diabetes did not experience worse maternal and neonatal outcomes after controlling for potential confounders. Conclusion In contrast to prior work, women in Chicago living within food deserts were less likely to develop gestational diabetes and did not experience poorer outcomes, suggesting environmental factors other than food access contribute to perinatal outcomes.
A STUDY UTILIZING ADVANCED MACHINE LEARNING TECHNIQUES TO ANALYZE GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS AND ITS IMPLEMENTATIONS; Gestational diabetes mellitus is the term used to describe an elevated blood sugar condition that develops during pregnancy. It can occur at any stage of the pregnancy and cause issues during labor and after delivery for both the mother and the unborn child. Finding and testing for GDM risk factors can help improve the health of women and their kids by allowing interventions to take place. GDM raises the risk of long-term issues like obesity, poor glucose metabolism, and cardiovascular disease in both the mother and the kid. Machine learning (ML) techniques are increasingly being used to identify risk variables and facilitate GDM early detection. Multivariate logistic regression (LR) modeling is a well-known machine learning (ML) technique for predicting diabetes and its effects. Furthermore, a variety of methods, such as Random Forest (RF), extreme gradient boosting (XGBoost), and light gradient boosting machine (LightGBM), are employed to address GDM-related problems. These methods are being used in more studies to identify risk factors for GDM and create early disease prediction models. For machine learning models that forecast GDM, the pooled area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC) is obtained. Metrics for statistical diagnosis is obtained. ML algorithms are more attractive than traditional screening techniques for GDM prediction. We compare machine learning models with respect to both general and particular screening methods. It is evident from the results that machine learning outperforms alternative methods. The importance of precise evaluations and consistent diagnostic criteria must be emphasized.
INCREASED INTIMA-MEDIA THICKNESS OF CAROTID ARTERIES AND CARDIOVASCULAR RISK FACTORS IN WOMEN WITH PREVIOUS GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS; Background Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)are at an increased risk of the development of type 2 diabetes. Cardiovascular disease is the main reason for the death of individuals with type 2 diabetes. The aim of the study was to find out if women with previous GDM already have the early signs of atherosclerosis and the components of cardiovascular disease. Patients and We have compared the intima-media thickness (IMT) and metabolic and cardiovascular risk methods factors of 15 women being from three months to two years after delivery, with previous GDM to 9 post-gestational women with normal glucose tolerance. High-resolution ultrasonography for the noninvasive measurement of the intima-media thickness has been used The IMT has been expressed as the mean of the three measurements of the far wall at three different sites of the carotid arteries (the common carotid artery, carotid bifurcation and internal carotid artery). The fasting blood glucose, HbA1c, lipid profile, resting blood pressure, waist circumference, body mass index and the smoking status have also been evaluated. Results Women with GDM(age 30.8 +/- 6.0 years) compared to women with normal glucose tolerance (age 29.7 +/- 2.9 years) have significantly increased IMT of all measured part of the carotid tree (mean left and right sites of the common carotid artery: 0.61 +/- 0.08 mm in GDM vs. 0.53 +/- 0.03 mm in control, p = < 0.05; carotid bifurcation: 0.85 +/- 0.24 mm in GDM vs. 0.62 +/- 0.1 mm in control, p = < 0.05; internal carotid artery: 0.66 +/- 0.1 mm in GDM vs. 0.53 +/- 0.1 mm in control, p = < 0.01). The two groups significantly differ from the body mass index, body waist circumference, in the level of fasting blood glucose and triglyceride, but there are no differences between the groups in the level of whole cholesterol, HDL in LDL cholesterol, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, HbA1c and smoking status. The metabolic syndrome is present in 33.3 percent of women with previous GDM and zero percent of the control group. Conclusions The significantly increased intima-media thickness of carotid arteries in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus vs. women with normal glucose tolerance, demonstrates that women with previous GDM already have early signs of atherosclerosis. The results demonstate the increased risk of cardiovascular disease as well. They also suggest that these women are at high risk not only for type 2 diabetes but also for cardiovascular disease and need appropriate preventive management.
Association between maternal serum high mobility group box 1 levels and pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), is characterized by chronic, low-grade subclinical inflammation with altered production of cytokines and mediators. Recently, a new protein acting as a "danger signal", high mobility group box 1 (HMGB1), that migrates quickly during electrophoresis, has been identified. The aim of our study was to analyze serum levels of HMGB1 in pregnant women, with or without GDM, in the third trimester of pregnancy to evaluate correlation with insulin resistance and other risk factors for GDM. Methods and results: Seventy five pregnant women positive to the 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were included in the study group and 48 pregnant women who were negative to the screening test, were randomly selected using a computer-generated randomisation table. A significant positive univariate correlation was observed between serum HMGB1 levels, HOMA-IR index, glycaemia values at OGTT and pre-pregnancy BMI. Moreover, logistic regression analysis showed that serum HMGB1 was independent linked to GDM. Conclusion: Our study demonstrated that HMGB1, a marker of chronic inflammation, is associated to GDM and insulin resistance level, in the third trimester of pregnancy. (C) 2016 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Association of the Cerebro-Placental Ratio with Adverse Outcomes in Pregnancies Affected by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objectives Cerebro-placental ratio (CPR) is a doppler tool contributes to clinical decision-making in pregnancies affected by small for gestational age weight (SGA). Pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) tend to have higher newborn weight, but greater risk of adverse perinatal outcomes. We hypothesized that in GDM-complicated-pregnancies CPR will be associated with adverse perinatal outcomes even in the absence of SGA. Methods This prospective single-center cohort study included non-anomalous singleton pregnancies in women with GDM. Those with pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorder or suspected SGA were excluded. Routine fetal sonographic assessment included CPR-defined as middle cerebral artery pulsatilty index/umbilical artery pulsatilty index. Masked CPR measurement closest to birth was used, classified as >10th (normal) or <= 10th centile (low). Primary outcome was a composite, consisting of stillbirth, Caesarean birth due to abnormal fetal heart rate pattern, 5-minute Apgar <7, cord arterial pH < 7.0, hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy, or NICU admission >24 hours. Results Of 281 participants, 24 (8.5%) had low CPR, at a mean gestational age of 36.3 weeks (IQR 34.0-37.4). Birthweight percentile was significantly lower among the low CPR group (35th [IQR 16-31] versus 60th [IQR 31-82]; P = .002). There was no statistically difference in the primary composite outcome between the groups (8.3% versus 7.0%, P = .68). Low CPR was significantly associated with a higher risk of neonatal hypoglycemia (adjusted odds ratio 3.2, 95% CI 1.2-8.3). Conclusion In pregnancies affected by GDM, CPR <= 10th percentile was not associated with adverse perinatal outcome but was associated with neonatal hypoglycemia.
Fetal cardiac morphology and geometry in pregnancies with class A1 and A2 gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective To evaluate whether certain parameters on fetal cardiac morphology and geometry measured at 20-22 weeks of gestation differ in subsequently diagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pregnancies and whether these changes are associated with disease severity as indicated by class A1 and A2 GDM. Method It was designed as a retrospective study. All measurements were taken between 20 and 22 weeks of gestation. We compared fetal cardiac structural measurements of 200 uncomplicated pregnancies (control group) with those of 307 GDM patients (160 of the them were regulated with diet (GDM A1) and 147 of them received insulin treatment (GDM A2) during pregnancy). GDM were diagnosed between 24-28 weeks of gestation with 75 gram (g) oral glucose tolerance test. Results The interventricular septum (IVS) was thicker in both in GDM A2 and GDM A1 than control (p < .001, p < .001), and there was statistically significant difference between GDM A2 and GDM A1 (p = .012). In both left and right wall thickness in GDM A1 and GDM A2 were remarkably higher than control group (p < .001, p < .001, p < .001, p < .001). The left and right spherical indices were higher in both GDM A1 and GDM A2 groups than controls (p = .021 and p = .028). Left and right area in GDM A1 and GDM A2 groups were significantly smaller than control groups (p < .001 and p = .001). Conclusion Gestational diabetes is a common obstetric morbidity, which causes fetal cardiac structural changes. Our study shows that these changes can occur during the early weeks of pregnancy.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: an opportunity to prevent Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in young women; In women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM), the risk of developing Type 2 diabetes is greatly increased, to the point that GDM represents an early stage in the natural history of Type 2 diabetes. In addition, in the years following the index pregnancy, women with pGDM exhibit an increased cardiovascular risk profile and an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease. This paper will review current knowledge on the metabolic modifications that occur in normal pregnancy, underlining the mechanism responsible for GDM, the link between these alterations and the associated long-term maternal complications. In women with pGDM, accurate follow-up and prevention strategies (e.g., weight control and regular physical exercise) are needed to reduce the subsequent development of overt diabetes and other metabolic abnormalities related to cardiovascular disease. Therefore, our paper will provide arguments in favor of performing follow-up programs aimed at modifying risk factors involved in the pathogenesis of Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Associations of remnant cholesterol in early pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus risk: a prospective birth cohort study; Background Remnant cholesterol (RC) reportedly contributes to the development of diabetes mellitus. However, evidence on the relationship between maternal RC and the risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during pregnancy is limited. This study aimed to assess the relationship between maternal RC and GDM risk during early pregnancy, and explore the potential pathways involved in the relationship between RC levels and GDM risk. Methods From 2018 to 2021, a prospective birth cohort study was designed and carried out in China. The associations of maternal RC and other lipid parameters with GDM risk were estimated using logistic regression models and restricted cubic splines. Subgroup analyses were performed stratified by prepregnancy body mass index (pre-BMI), maternal age and gravidity. Mediation analyses were conducted to explore the mediating effect of some related factors on the relationship between RC levels and the risk of GDM. Results A total of 33,018 pregnant women were included. The median RC level was 0.47 +/- 0.20 mmol/L. The prevalence of GDM was 15.19%. As RC quartiles increased, the incidence of GDM increased substantially, reaching 19.24% for the highest quartile of RC (P < 0.001). Maternal RC in the first trimester was positively correlated with GDM risk (OR: 2.254, 95% CI: 1.943-2.615). Compared to the lowest RC quartile, higher RC quartiles were correlated with an increased risk of GDM, and the ORs (95% CIs) for Q3 and Q4 were 1.208 (1.101-1.325) and 1.489 (1.364-1.626), respectively. Moreover, a linear dose-response relationship was found for this association (P for all < 0.001, P for nonlinearity > 0.05) and was consistent across subgroups with different pre-BMIs, maternal ages and gravidities (all P values for interactions > 0.05). Furthermore, the correlation between RC level and GDM risk was partially mediated by pre-BMI (9.20%) and blood glucose level (-11.1%). Conclusions Higher maternal RC levels in the early stage of pregnancy was positively associated with an increased risk of developing GDM. This association was partially mediated by pre- BMI and blood glucose levels.
Serum Lipid Profile and Inflammatory Status in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk of postpartum type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk factors such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and systemic inflammation. We aimed to evaluate the lipid profile and inflammatory status assessed by high sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) and TNF-alpha levels. We also evaluated insulin resistance for all participants. Methods: This study was performed including the pregnant with normal glucose challenge test (GCT) and normal glucose tolerance (NGT) (n: 20), abnormal GCT and NGT (n: 27), and GDM (n: 29) defined by Carpenter and Coustan criteria. Results: In our study, we could not find significantly differences by means of hsCRP levels and lipid profile parameters between groups. But, TNF-alpha levels increased significantly in the GDM or abnormal GCT NGT groups as compared to the normal GCT NGT group. hsCRP was correlated independently with LDL-cholesterol and parity in the abnormal GCT NGT group and atherogenic index of the plasma (AIP) in GDM group. In addition, there was not an independent relationship between AIP and hsCRP in the GDM group when multiple linear regression analysis was performed after adjustment for maternal age was evaluated at 29.49 years. Conclusion: In conclusion, gestational insulin resistance was apparently associated with TNF-alpha, whereas dyslipidemia was slightly associated with hsCRP because of the possible effects of maternal age on lipid markers.
Assessment of atrial conduction time and P-wave dispersion in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives We aimed to assess atrial conduction time and P-wave dispersion (PWD) in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients. Methods Thirty patients with GDM and 30 healthy pregnant women were included to the study. Atrial conduction times (PA) were calculated by the time interval from the onset of the P wave on the electrocardiography (ECG) to the onset of the late diastolic flow (Am wave) on echocardiography and from the lateral mitral annulus (PA lateral), septal mitral annulus (PA septum), and right ventricular tricuspid annulus (PA tricuspid). The difference between (PA lateral-PA tricuspid) was defined as interatrial electromechanical delay (EMD); the difference between (PA septum-PA tricuspid) as intra-atrial EMD; and the difference between (PA lateral-PA septal) as intraleft atrial EMD. Results Mean PWD was higher in GDM (52.7 +/- 5.1 ms vs. 28.9 +/- 4.2 ms, p < 0.001). PA lateral, PA septal and PA tricuspid were significantly higher in the GDM patients compared to the control group (65.7 +/- 4.2 ms vs. 47.7 +/- 4.7 ms, p < 0.001; 56.1 +/- 3.4 ms vs. 40.8 +/- 3.7 ms, p < 0.001 and 48.4 +/- 3.9 ms vs. 36.0 +/- 3.6 ms, p < 0.001, respectively). Interatrial, intra-atrial, and intraleft atrial EMDs were also significantly higher in the GDM group (median values: 18 ms vs. 12 ms; 10 ms vs 7.5 ms; 8 ms vs. 4 ms, respectively, p < 0.001 for all). There was a positive correlation between intra-atrial delay time and PWD in GDM group (r = 0.39, p = 0.033). Conclusion We suggest that patients with GDM have higher PWD and higher atrial conduction and EMD times compared to otherwise healthy pregnant control group.
Hyperglycaemia cause vascular inflammation through advanced glycation end products/early growth response-1 axis in gestational diabetes mellitus; Hyperglycaemia during pregnancy is the main reason for developing diabetes mediated vascular complications. Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are formed due to non-enzymatic glycation of proteins, lipids and nucleic acids during hyperglycaemia. It has the potential to damage vasculature by modifying the substrate or by means of AGEs and receptor of AGE (RAGE) interaction. It has been linked with the pathogenesis of various vascular diseases including coronary heart disease, atherosclerosis, restenosis etc. This study was carried out to investigate the role of AGEs-EGR-1 pathway in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) vascular inflammation. Human umbilical vein endothelial cells(HuVECs) isolated from normal glucose tolerant mothers were subjected to various treatments including high glucose, silencing of early growth response (EGR)-1, blockade of protein kinase C (PKC) beta, blocking extracellular signal-regulated protein kinases 1 and 2 (ERK1/2), and treatment with AGEs and assayed for EGR-1, tissue factor (TF) and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule (sICAM)-1. Similarly, umbilical veinendothelial cells isolated from normal and GDM mothers were assayed for EGR-1, TF, and sICAM-1. There was a significant increase in EGR-1 and TF levels in HuVECs isolated form GDM mother's umbilical cord and normal HuVECs treated with high glucose condition. This was accompanied by elevated levels of sICAM-1 in high glucose treated cells. Our results revealed AGE-mediated activation of EGR-1 and its downstream genes via PKC II and ERK1/2 signaling pathway. The present study demonstrated a novel mechanism of AGEs/ PKC beta II/ ERK1/2/EGR-1 pathway in inducing vascular inflammation in GDM.
Prospective evaluation of ultrasonographic fetal cardiac morphometry and functions in the third trimester of pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: This study aimed to compare cardiac morphological and functional changes in fetuses of patients with diet-regulated gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM-A1), insulin-regulated GDM (GDM-A2), and a control group. Method: A prospective cohort study included pregnant women aged 18-40 years with singleton pregnancies. Fetal biometric, cardiac morphological, and functional measurements were recorded using Z-scores at 34-37 weeks of gestation. Results: The study included 87 patients. Both right and left ventricular wall thicknesses were significantly different between the three groups (p < 0.001 and p < 0.001, respectively). Z-scores of the mitral valve, left and right EDD were significantly lower in GDM-A1 and GDM-A2 groups compared to the control group (p < 0.001, p < 0.001, p = 0.002, respectively). Right and left ventricular areas were decreased only in GDM-A2 group compared to the control group (p = 0.003 and p = 0.001, respectively). MPI and IVRT values were also significantly higher in the same groups (p = 0.016, p < 0.001, respectively). Conclusion: Gestational diabetes increased IVS and ventricular wall thicknesses in both right and left ventricles, irrespective of whether it was controlled by diet or insulin. Cardiac functional changes were observed in the GDM-A2 group.
Previous pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of cardiovascular disease: A nested case-control study in Sweden; Objective: Pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are two common pregnancy complications that affect birth outcomes and are associated with a long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The aims of this study were to investigate if the pre-eclampsia association with CVD is independent of GDM and modified by body mass index (BMI) or GDM. Design: Case-control study. Setting: Sweden. Population: Cases were women with a first CVD event between 1991 and 2008 and a previous pregnancy who were matched with controls without CVD (1:5) by year of birth, age and region of birth. Methods: Conditional logistic regression was used to evaluate the associations of GDM, pre-eclampsia and maternal BMI with CVD adjusted for potential confounders and effect modifications with interaction tests. Main outcome measures: CVD. Results: There were 2639 cases and 13 310 controls with complete data. Pre-eclampsia and GDM were independent risk factors for CVD (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.59, 95% CI 2.12-3.17 and aOR 1.47, 95% CI 1.04-2.09, respectively). After stratifying by maternal BMI, the adjusted association of pre-eclampsia with CVD did not differ notably between BMI groups: normal weight (aOR 2.65, 95% CI 1.90-3.69), overweight (aOR 2.67, 95% CI 1.52-4.68) and obesity (aOR 3.03, 95% CI 0.74-12.4). Similar findings were seen when stratifying on GDM/non-GDM. Conclusions: Pre-eclampsia and GDM are independent risk factors for later CVD and having both during pregnancy is a major risk factor for later CVD. The association between pre-eclampsia and CVD is not modified by BMI. Effective CVD preventive programs for high--risk women are urgently needed in order to improve women's long-term health.
Gestational diabetes mellitus, follow-up of future maternal risk of cardiovascular disease and the use of eHealth technologies-a scoping review; BackgroundGlobally, gestational diabetes mellitus complicates 1 in 6 pregnancies and increases future risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the affected women. There is a lack of consensus on the optimal follow-up of these women. eHealth is emerging as a health care tool, but its practical utility and advantages over standard care in the follow-up after pregnancy complications remains to be determined. Our aim was to systematically review the existing literature on cardiovascular follow-up after gestational diabetes, the utility of eHealth technology for this purpose, and to identify research gaps.MethodsWe performed a systematic scoping review following a published protocol and the Joanna Briggs methodology for studies up until May 2022. Four databases were searched: Ovid MEDLINE, Embase, Maternity and Infant Care, and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews. Primary research articles and systematic reviews were included in the final analyses. Two reviewers independently screened abstracts and performed full text assessment. Data was extracted using a data charting form. In all stages of the process, if consensus was not reached, a third reviewer was consulted. The findings from the data charting process provided the basis for summarizing the findings from the included studies.ResultsThe search of the databases generated 2772 hits. After removing duplicates and manually adding a total of 19 studies, reviews, and guidelines, a total of 2769 titles and abstracts were screened, and 97 papers underwent full-text review. In the final analyses, 15 articles and 12 systematic reviews were included, whereas guidelines are presented as supplementary material.No studies were identified that examined follow-up regarding long-term overall cardiovascular risk after gestational diabetes. Various lifestyle interventions were tested for individual cardiovascular risk factors, with diverging effects. eHealth technologies were found acceptable by participants but had no consistent, statistically significant effect on relevant health outcomes.ResultsThe search of the databases generated 2772 hits. After removing duplicates and manually adding a total of 19 studies, reviews, and guidelines, a total of 2769 titles and abstracts were screened, and 97 papers underwent full-text review. In the final analyses, 15 articles and 12 systematic reviews were included, whereas guidelines are presented as supplementary material.No studies were identified that examined follow-up regarding long-term overall cardiovascular risk after gestational diabetes. Various lifestyle interventions were tested for individual cardiovascular risk factors, with diverging effects. eHealth technologies were found acceptable by participants but had no consistent, statistically significant effect on relevant health outcomes.ConclusionsThis scoping review of the existing literature revealed neither an established systematic cardiovascular follow-up strategy for women after gestational diabetes nor evidence that eHealth technologies are superior to conventional follow-up. Further research into the utility of eHealth in cardiovascular follow-up after complicated pregnancies should include longer-term follow-up and core cardiovascular outcomes.Systematic review registrationThe protocol for this scoping review was published at Open Science Framework (osf.io/p5hw6)
Impaired cardiac autonomic function in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Cardiac autonomic neuropathy is a common dysfunction in manifest diabetes mellitus and is associated with duration of diabetes and/or an inadequate glycaemic control. Heart rate variability (HRV) reflects autonomic heart function. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether in women with prior gestational diabetes (GD; pre-type 2 diabetes) alterations of cardiac autonomic function can be observed after delivery in relation to insulin sensitivity and glycaemic control. Materials and methods: Forty-eight healthy women with prior GD were consecutively admitted to the study. HRV was analysed by both time, as well as frequency, domain methods using 24-h Holter monitoring. In addition, 20 women with normal glucose tolerance during and after pregnancy were investigated as control subjects. All women underwent a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT) for measurement of insulin sensitivity. Results: Time domain analysis (standard deviation of normal RR intervals; SDNN) showed a reduced HRV in 25 out of the 48 (52%) women with prior GD. Frequency domain analysis revealed that in these 25 subjects both low and high frequency components of power spectral density (reflecting mainly sympathetic respectively parasympathetic activity) were reduced, indicating that sympathetic as well as parasympathetic functional impairment may be assumed. However, a relative predominance of the sympathetic over parasympathetic cardiac function was observed. The impairment of cardiac autonomic function (reduced SDNN) was correlated with HbA1c values and the 2-h blood glucose concentration (oral glucose tolerance test) but not with insulin sensitivity. Conclusion: The present results demonstrate that in 52% of the women examined who had prior GD, an impairment of cardiac sympathetic as well as parasympathetic function was present, which related to glycaemic control, but not to insulin sensitivity. This infers that functional autonomic changes could be an early prognostic indicator in pre-type 2 diabetes. Eur J Clin Invest 2007; 37 (1): 42-47
Associations Among Biomarkers of Inflammation, Tubular Injury and Lipid Metabolism With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Status, Microalbuminuria and Retinopathy in the Microalbuminuria and Retinopathy in Gestational Diabetes Study; Objectives: Pregnancy may be complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and/or microvascular complications like albuminuria, retinopathy and pre-eclampsia. In this study we aimed to identify whether mechanistic pathways associated with microvascular complications are active in pregnant women with GDM or microvascular disease. Methods: Urinary albumin excretion and biomarkers of inflammation, lipoprotein metabolism and tubular injury were quantified in 355 pregnant women with and without GDM. Participants underwent fundus photography graded for retinopathy. Adjusted associations between individual biomarkers and each outcome variable of interest, including GDM status, albuminuria and retinopathy, were performed using logistic regression. Results: After adjusting for age, systolic blood pressure, body mass index and ethnicity, significant associations between GDM status and apolipoprotein A1, interleukin (IL)-6, IL-8, soluble tumour necrosis factor receptor-I and -II (sTNFR-I and -II), vascular endothelial growth factor and von Willebrand factor were observed. Increased high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) and sTNFR-II were associated with higher levels of albuminuria. hsCRP and previous GDM were associated with retinopathy. Conclusion: Mechanistic pathways associated with microvascular complications appear to be active in pregnant women with GDM or microvascular disease. (c) 2022 Canadian Diabetes Association.
Excessive Neutrophil Activity in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Could It Contribute to the Development of Preeclampsia?; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a transient form of glucose intolerance occurring during pregnancy. Pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus are at risk for the development of preeclampsia, a severe life threatening condition, associated with significant feto-maternal morbidity and mortality. It is a risk factor for long-term health in women and their offspring. Pregnancy has been shown to be associated with a subliminal degree of neutrophil activation and tightly regulated generation of neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs). This response is excessive in cases with preeclampsia, leading to the presence of large numbers of NETs in affected placentae. We have recently observed that circulatory neutrophils in cases with gestational diabetes mellitus similarly exhibit an excessive pro-NETotic phenotype, and pronounced placental presence, as detected by expression of neutrophil elastase. Furthermore, exogenous neutrophil elastase liberated by degranulating neutrophils was demonstrated to alter trophoblast physiology and glucose metabolism by interfering with key signal transduction components. In this review we examine whether additional evidence exists suggesting that altered neutrophil activity in gestational diabetes mellitus may contribute to the development of preeclampsia.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and the role of intercurrent type 2 diabetes on long-term risk of cardiovascular events; Recent studies have shown that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk for cardiovascular disease. GDM has also been shown to be a risk factor for type 2 diabetes (T2DM) after pregnancy. However, there is limited evidence regarding the role of intercurrent T2DM on the relationship between GDM and future CVD. Thus, we investigated the risks of incident cardiovascular events among women with GDM during pregnancy compared to women without GDM and whether the increased CVD risk is dependent on intercurrent development of T2DM. We conducted a population-based retrospective cohort study using the Korean National Health Insurance Service claims database. Outcomes were the first occurrence of any CVD (myocardial infarction, treatment with coronary revascularization, heart failure, and cerebrovascular disease). Cox proportional hazard models were used to assess the association between GDM and incident CVD events, using landmark analysis at 4 years. A total of 1,500,168 parous women were included in the analysis, of which 159,066 (10.60%) had GDM. At a median follow-up of 12.8 years, 13,222 incident cases of total CVD were observed. Multivariable-adjusted hazard ratio for total CVD among women with prior GDM, compared with those without GDM, was 1.08 (95% CI 1.02-1.14). Further classifying GDM by progression to T2DM in relation to total CVD risk indicated a positive association for GDM with progression to T2DM vs no GDM or T2DM (HR 1.74; 95% CI 1.40-2.15), and no statistically significant association for GDM only (HR 1.06; 95% CI 1.00-1.12). GDM with subsequent progression to T2DM were linked with an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases. These findings highlight the need for more vigilant postpartum screening for diabetes and the implementation of diabetes interventions in women with a history of GDM to reduce future CVD risk.
Risk for fetal malformations and unfavorable neonatal outcomes in early-onset gestational diabetes mellitus; BackgroundEarly-onset gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is diagnosed before the 24th gestational week. Since early GDM is associated with first trimester hyperglycemia, many clinicians treat these women as having pre-GDM. However, whether early GDM increases the risk for unfavorable pregnancy outcomes and particularly for fetal malformations to a greater extent than late-onset GDM were not studied sufficiently. We aimed to examine the effect of early-onset GDM on unfavorable pregnancy outcomes.MethodsA retrospective cohort study of women with GDM delivering singletons during 2005-2018 was conducted. Women were divided into GDM diagnosed at the first (Trimester1; up to 13.6 weeks; N = 117), the second (Trimester2; up to 23.6 weeks; N = 126), and the third trimester (Trimester3; N = 2334). The primary outcomes were neonatal malformations and a composite of large-for-age newborns, hypoglycemia and hyperbilirubinemia treated with phototherapy. Comparisons were made between early- (Trimester1 + Trimester2-groups) and late-onset GDM (Trimester3-group), and between the three trimesters.ResultsFetal malformations were low and comparable between the trimester1, trimester2, trimester3 groups (2 (1.7%), 3 (2.4%), and 110 (4.7%), respectively). The composite neonatal complications was similar between the groups (68 (58%), 58 (46%), and 1087 (47%), respectively). In early-onset, the rates of neonatal hypoglycemia and shoulder dystocia were higher than in the late-onset GDM group (OR 95% CI 3.5 [2.0-6.1] and 10.3 [2.4-44.6], respectively). Macrosomia was higher in trimester1 compared with trimester2 and trimester3 cohorts (OR 95% CI 5.3 [1.7-16.9] and 2.8 [1.5-5.2], respectively).ConclusionsThe risk for fetal malformations was low and comparable between the first, second and third trimester GDM. Since the risks for macrosomia, shoulder dystocia, and neonatal hypoglycemia are higher in early-onset GDM, these women should undergo strict glycemic control, intensive monitoring, and careful neonatal evaluation.
Significance of Serum-Plasma Leptin Profile during Pregnancy in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents a stage of subclinical inflammation and a risk factor for subsequent future type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease development. Leptin has been related with vascular and metabolic changes in GDM with heterogeneous and contradictory results with respect to their possible involvement in maternal, perinatal, and future complications. Our objective is to evaluate current evidence on the role of leptin in maternal and perinatal complications in women with GDM. PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Scopus databases were searched. We evaluated the studies' quality using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale. Meta-analyses were conducted, and heterogeneity and publication bias were examined. Thirty-nine relevant studies were finally included, recruiting 2255 GDM and 3846 control pregnant women. Leptin levels were significantly higher in GDM participants than in controls (SMD = 0.57, 95%CI = 0.19 to 0.94; p < 0.001). Subgroup meta-analysis did not evidence significant differences in leptin in the different trimesters of pregnancy. Meta-regression showed a positive significant relationship for HOMA in the GDM group (p = 0.05). According to these results, it seems that high levels of leptin can be used as predictive markers in GDM.
Substantially Altered Expression Profile of Diabetes/Cardiovascular/Cerebrovascular Disease Associated microRNAs in Children Descending from Pregnancy Complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-One of Several Possible Reasons for an Increased Cardiovascular Risk; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), one of the major pregnancy-related complications, characterized as a transitory form of diabetes induced by insulin resistance accompanied by a low/absent pancreatic beta-cell compensatory adaptation to the increased insulin demand, causes the acute, long-term, and transgenerational health complications. The aim of the study was to assess if alterations in gene expression of microRNAs associated with diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases are present in whole peripheral blood of children aged 3-11 years descending from GDM complicated pregnancies. A substantially altered microRNA expression profile was found in children descending from GDM complicated pregnancies. Almost all microRNAs with the exception of miR-92a-3p, miR-155-5p, and miR-210-3p were upregulated. The microRNA expression profile also differed between children after normal and GDM complicated pregnancies in relation to the presence of overweight/obesity, prehypertension/hypertension, and/or valve problems and heart defects. Always, screening based on the combination of microRNAs was superior over using individual microRNAs, since at 10.0% false positive rate it was able to identify a large proportion of children with an aberrant microRNA expression profile (88.14% regardless of clinical findings, 75.41% with normal clinical findings, and 96.49% with abnormal clinical findings). In addition, the higher incidence of valve problems and heart defects was found in children with a prior exposure to GDM. The extensive file of predicted targets of all microRNAs aberrantly expressed in children descending from GDM complicated pregnancies indicates that a large group of these genes is involved in ontologies of diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases. In general, children with a prior exposure to GDM are at higher risk of later development of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases, and would benefit from dispensarisation as well as implementation of primary prevention strategies.
Comparison of fetal and neonatal cardiac morphology between the infants of mothers with well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus and normal controls; ObjectiveTo compare fetal and neonatal cardiac morphology in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with the controlsPatients and methodsPregnant women at average risk of GDM underwent 100-g, 3-h-OGTT at 24-28 weeks of gestation for diagnosis of GDM. Both GDM group and the control group underwent fetal echocardiography at 32-36 weeks to assess cardiac dimensions. The neonates underwent echocardiography within 48 h after birth to assess cardiac morphology.ResultsA total of 154 pregnant women were recruited, including 60 in the GDM group and 94 in the control group. All of the study group were well controlled for GDM. Most baseline characteristics of both groups were comparable. All obstetric outcomes were not significantly different between the two groups. Morphological cardiac dimensions in the fetuses and newborns of both groups were also not significant different. Subgroup analysis in the study group showed no significantly different in cardiac morphology between the group with diet control and that of insulin control.ConclusionFetal and neonatal cardiac morphologic changes among mothers with well-controlled GDM are not significantly different from those in the controls. It is possible that good control of maternal blood glucose can prevent fetal and neonatal cardiac abnormalities.
Adherence to Treatment of Female Patients With Coronary Heart Disease After a Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; Background: Adherence to treatment is essential to prevent the progression of coronary heart disease (CHD), which is the most common cause of death among women. Coronary heart disease in women has special characteristics: the conventional risk factors are more harmful to women than men, accumulation of risk factors is common, and women have nontraditional risk factors such as gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. In addition, worse outcomes, higher incidence of death, and complications after percutaneous coronary intervention have been reported more often among females than among male patients. Objective: The aim of this study was to test a model of adherence to treatment among female patients with CHD after a percutaneous coronary intervention. Methods: A cross-sectional, descriptive, and explanatory survey was conducted in 2013 with 416 patients with CHD, of which the 102 female patients were included in this substudy. Self-reported instruments were used to assess female patient adherence to treatment. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and a structural equation model. Results: Motivation was the strongest predictor for female patients' perceived adherence to treatment. Informational support, physician support, perceived health, and physical activity were indirectly, but significantly, associated with perceived adherence to treatment via motivation. Furthermore, physical activity was positively associated with perceived health, whereas anxiety and depression were negatively associated with it. Conclusions: Secondary prevention programs and patient education have to take into account individual or unique differences. It is important to pay attention to issues that are known to contribute to motivation rather than to reply on education alone to improve adherence.
Management of postprandial hyperglycaemia and weight gain in women with gestational diabetes mellitus using a novel telemonitoring system; Objectives The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of remotely delivered telemedicine dietary advice on monitoring of blood glucose levels and weight gain of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods Women with GDM were recruited and randomly allocated into two groups: a Tele-GDM group that received a telemonitoring device, and a control group that was followed-up traditionally. A telemonitoring service calculated the ratio of reaching or exceeding the pregnancy weight gain target (according to pre-pregnancy weight), following Institute of Medicine guidelines for healthy pregnancy weight gain. Results The sample comprised 27 women in the Tele-GDM group and 30 in the control group. At the end of pregnancy, the Tele-GDM group showed significantly lower 2-hour postprandial glucose levels than the control group. Most women in the Tele-GDM group reached their recommended range of weight gain at the end of pregnancy. Additionally, the Tele-GDM group showed significantly lower weight gain than the control group. Conclusions Telemonitoring can facilitate close monitoring of women with GDM and motivate patients to adopt a healthy lifestyle.
Long-term outcomes in mothers diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring; Mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high lifetime risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus. The magnitude of risk for cardiovascular disease after GDM is less well established. Recently, intervention trials using lifestyle modification or medications used to treat type 2 DM have successfully prevented/delayed development of DM in women after GUM. Offspring of mothers with GDM are at risk for development of obesity and abnormal glucose metabolism during childhood, adolescence, and adulthood. Factors responsible for these risks are not fully understood. Having fetal hyperinsulinism is a risk factor for development of both obesity and abnormal glucose metabolism, and might be implicated in pathophysiology. It remains to be established whether the long-term effects of exposure to diabetes mellitus during intrauterine development can be prevented.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on maternal cardiac adaptation to pregnancy; Objective To determine whether maternal cardiac adaptation at term differs between women with, and those without, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods This was a prospective case- control study of pregnant women at term with or without GDM. For both cases and controls, only women without any comorbidity or form of pre-existing diabetes who had a singleton pregnancy without complication (such as pre-eclampsia or fetal growth restriction) were included. All women underwent conventional and speckle-tracking echocardiography to assess both the left- and right-heart geometry and function. Results A total of 40 women with GDM and 40 healthy controls were enrolled. Women with GDM, compared with controls, had a significantly higher heart rate (83 +/- 10 vs 75 +/- 9 beats per min; P< 0.001), left ventricular (LV) relative wall thickness (0.43 +/- 0.07 vs 0.37 +/- 0.08; P< 0.001), LV early diastolic transmitral valve velocity (E) (0.80 +/- 0.15 vs 0.73 +/- 0.12 m/s; P= 0.026) and LV late diastolic transmitral valve velocity (A) (0.65 +/- 0.13 vs 0.57 +/- 0.11 m/s; P= 0.006). In women with GDM compared with controls, speckle-tracking analysis revealed a significant reduction in LV global longitudinal strain (GLS) (-16.29 +/- 2.26 vs -17.61 +/- 1.89; P= 0.012), LV endocardial GLS (-18.50 +/- 2.59 vs -19.84 +/- 2.35; P= 0.031) and LV epicardial GLS (-14.40 +/- 2.01 vs -15.73 +/- 1.66; P= 0.005). Right ventricular (RV) analysis revealed a reduced pulmonary acceleration time (58 +/- 10 vs 66 +/- 11 ms; P= 0.001) and RV E/A ratio (1.13 +/- 0.18 vs 1.29 +/- 0.35; P= 0.017), as well as a higher RV myocardial systolic annular velocity (0.16 +/- 0.04 vs 0.14 +/- 0.02; P= 0.023) and peak late diastolic transtricuspid valve velocity (0.46 +/- 0.1 m/s vs 0.39 +/- 0.08 m/s; P= 0.001), in women with GDM compared to controls. Conclusions Our findings show that even a short period of exposure to hyperglycemia, as occcurs in women with GDM, is associated with significant maternal functional cardiac impairment at term. Given these findings, further study of postnatal maternal cardiovascular recovery after GDM pregnancy is warranted. Copyright (C) 2019 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Impairments in microvascular function and skeletal muscle oxygenation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: links to cardiovascular disease risk factors; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for the development of endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease. However, in vivo microvascular endothelial function in GDM has not been investigated. This study aimed to examine, using near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS), whether: (1) there are differences in microvascular reactivity and skeletal muscle oxygen consumption (m) at rest and during exercise between GDM and uncomplicated pregnancies; and (2) there is an association of NIRS indices with macrovascular function and cardiovascular disease risk factors. Twenty-nine pregnant women (13 with GDM and 16 women with uncomplicated pregnancy, 28 +/- 2 gestational weeks) underwent arterial stiffness (pulse wave velocity [PWV]) and 24 h ambulatory BP (24 h BP) evaluation. NIRS continuously monitored, non-invasively, changes in muscle oxygenated and deoxygenated haemoglobin and tissue O-2 saturation index (TSI, %) during arterial occlusion/reperfusion and intermittent handgrip exercise. m and vascular reactivity indices were calculated. During occlusion and reperfusion, women with GDM exhibited slower TSI response (occlusion slope: -0.06 +/- 0.02 vs -0.10 +/- 0.04, in GDM and controls, respectively; reperfusion slope: 0.65 +/- 0.26 vs 1.05 +/- 0.41, respectively), lower m (1.3 +/- 1.2 vs 3.8 +/- 2.3 mu mol l(-1) min(-1)) and blunted hyperaemia (Delta TSI 6.8 +/- 2.9 vs 9.5 +/- 3.4) compared with controls (p < 0.01). Despite similar handgrip strength in the GDM and control groups (29.1 +/- 8.1 vs 26.2 +/- 10.4 kg, respectively), during repeated forearm contractions, women with GDM presented a blunted TSI response (6.5 +/- 3.9 vs 19.2 +/- 10.9; p < 0.01) and a reduced capacity to maintain the predetermined handgrip (23.4 +/- 2.9 vs 27.4 +/- 3.8%, p < 0.05). NIRS indices correlated with PWV, 24 h BP and blood glucose concentration earlier in pregnancy (r = 0.40-0.60; p < 0.05). Women with GDM exhibited a characteristic blunted TSI curve, showing alterations in muscle oxygenation and microvascular responsiveness compared with women with uncomplicated pregnancies. These alterations were manifested during exercise and possibly contribute to the reduced exercise tolerance in GDM. NIRS indices correlated with macrovascular indices (arterial stiffness) and 24 h BP.
Assessment of fetal cardiac diastolic function of gestational diabetes mellitus using dual-gate Doppler; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), as a common complication of pregnancy, has an increasing trend globally. GDM leads to maternal complications and fetal complications. Fetal cardiac diastolic dysfunction is strongly associated with GDM. This study aims to assess the ventricular diastolic function of fetuses exposed to GDM by looking into the diagnostic parameters using both conventional method and Dual-gate Doppler method (DD). And to investigate the potential of DD method in early detection of fetal cardiac diastolic dysfunction. 56 women diagnosed with GDM and 55 non-GDM pregnant women were enrolled in their 24 to 30 weeks of gestation. Conventional method and DD method were applied to measure mitral and tricuspid inflow velocities E-waves, A-waves on pulsed-wave Doppler, and mitral and tricuspid annular velocities e '-waves, a'-waves on Tissue Doppler imaging. E/A, e'/a' and E/e ' ratio was calculated. The difference between GDM and control groups was statistically tested and analysed using one-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test, Student t test, Mann-Whitney U test and Kruskal-Wallis test and Bland-Altman plot analysis. Intraobserver intraclass correlation coefficients of E/A, e'/a', and E/e' value of both mitral and tricuspid valve are all greater than 0.80, while interobserver intraclass correlation coefficients are between 0.71 and 0.88. Right (6.35 vs 6.79; P = .001) ventricular function showed significantly lower E/e' ratios in the GDM group compared with control fetuses by conventional method. Both left (6.16 vs 6.59; P = .036) and right (6.28 vs 6.75; P = .01) ventricular function showed significantly lower E/e' ratios in the GDM group compared with control fetuses by DD method. Exposure to high level of maternal blood glucose leads to impaired diastolic function in the fetuses. Fetal right ventricular function is a potential key point to study to enable an early detection for fetal diastolic dysfunction since the alteration and damage are more likely to happen in right ventricular. Measurement of E/e' ratio using DD method is considered as a promising method in fetal cardiac diastolic function assessment. Well or poorly control of the GDM does not have significant influence on the fetal diastolic function thus an early detection of GDM and GDM induced fetal cardiac dysfunction is necessary.
Severe diabetic fetopathy due to undiagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus; History and findings: A 39 year-old pregnant woman (with one healthy 11 year-old daughter) presented at the antenatal care clinic for routine non-stress test (NST) at the due date. The NST demonstrated normal fetal heart pattern. No anamnestic or clinical risk factors for diabetes during the course of pregnancy were noted in the case file. Ultrasound examinations up to 30 weeks of gestation had shown fetal growth appropriate for gestational age. Two days later, the NST was non-reacting with almost no heart rate variability, indicating an acute fetal risk. While the condition of the fetus was being further assessed by Doppler sonography, a fall in fetal heart rate prompted an emergency section for fetal bradycardia. The male newborn had marked macrosomia (birth weight 5180 g). The pH in umbilical artery blood of 6,77 indicated severe intrauterine hypoxia. Apgar score was 0/1/5. Absence of heart beat and of spontaneous breathing required resuscitation. Echocardiography revealed a hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with dysfunction of the right ventricle and hepatomegaly indicating diabetic fetal pathology. The placenta displayed typical signs of carbohydrate disorder. The maternal 75 g oral glucose tolerance test confirmed the suspicion of maternal diabetes (glucose values 96/210/215 mg/dl). Treatment and course: During the next the day the infant developed multi-organ failure involving the liver and kidneys, myocardial infarction with pericardial effusion and myoclonic seizures. His condition improved slowly under measures to stabilize the circulation, substitution of clotting factors and anticonvulsive therapy. Mechanical ventilation had to be continued for 5 weeks. Examination at 4 months of age revealed marked neurological abnormalities. The mother was referred to a diabetes specialist for further management. Conclusion: Undiagnosed and therefore untreated severe gestational diabetes may have fatal consequences for the fetus. Expert committees of obstetricians and diabetes specialists have recommended blood glucose screening between 24-28 weeks of gestation of every pregnant woman as part of the routine prenatal care.
Upregulated Retinol Binding Protein and Transthyretin as Predictive Biomarkers of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common medical complications of pregnancy. The untreated GDM affects both the baby and mother during gestation as well as presents the risk of subsequent type 2 diabetes in mothers and babies. Objective: To determine the effect of GDM on plasma proteomics as variable plasma proteins can be secreted by the cells at the pathological sites and can serve as a biomarker of the disease. Methods: Blood samples were taken from 400 pregnant women at early second trimester and they were followed till early third trimester or until the development of GDM. All the pregnant females were sampled again in 3rd trimester. Overall 42 pregnant females developed GDM. These females were grouped as GDM I and GDM II, before and after the development of gestational diabetes, respectively. An equivalent number of pregnant women who did not develop GDM served as control I and control II in early second and third trimester, respectively. Blood samples from all the groups were subjected to 2D gel electrophoresis. Results: Nineteen protein spots were differently expressed between GDM and control groups, two spots were further confirmed by LC-MS/MS as Retinol binding protein A4 and Transthyretin. These two proteins were found to be up regulated in GDM group in early second trimester as well as early 3rd trimester. Conclusion: Transthyretin and Retinol binding protein 4 can be used as predictive plasma biomarkers of GDM that might help in the identification of at-risk pregnancies, hence, providing the best opportunity for early treatment in order to prevent the onset or progression of the disease.
A prospective study for gestational diabetes mellitus: Analysis of risk factors in Turkish women for early prediction; Objective: To define risk factors for the early prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) because the risk of pre-eclampsia and preterm birth increases in mothers who are diagnosed with GDM. Materials and methods: A prospective study was designed and the data were collected by physicians prospectively from the patients who came to the clinic between the years 2019 and 2021; informed consent was obtained from the women. The prospective data comprised 489 patient records with 72 variables and the risk factors for early prediction of GDM were determined using logistic regression and random forest (RF), which is an advanced analysis method. Results: The obtained sensitivity and specificity values are 90% and 75% for logistic regression and 71% and 90% for the RF, respectively. Conclusion: In this prospective study of GDM in Turkish women; age, body mass index, level of hemoglobin A1c, level of fasting blood sugar, physical activity time in first trimester, gravidity, triglycerides, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were confirmed to be risk factors in analysis results.
The effects of metformin on maternal haemodynamics in gestational diabetes mellitus: A pilot study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major clinical challenge and is likely to remain so as the incidence of GDM continues to increase. Aim: To assess longitudinal changes in maternal haemodynamics amongst women diagnosed with GDM requiring either metformin or dietary intervention in comparison to low-risk healthy controls. Methodology: Fifty-six pregnant women attending their first appointment at the GDM clinic and 60 low-risk healthy pregnant controls attending their routine antenatal clinics were recruited and assigned to three groups: GDM Metformin (GDM-M), GDM Diet (GDM-D) and Control. Non-invasive assessment of maternal haemodynamics, using recognised measures of arterial stiffness and central blood pressure (Arteriograph (R)), were undertaken under controlled conditions within four gestational windows: antenatal; AN1 (26-28 weeks), AN2 (32-34 weeks) and AN3 (37-40 weeks), and postnatal (PN) (6-8 weeks after delivery). Data were analysed using a linear mixed model incorporating gestational age and other relevant predictors, including age, blood pressure (BP), baseline bodyweight and pulse as fixed effects, and patient as a random effect. Results: Fitted linear mixed models showed evidence of a two-way interaction effect between groups (GDM-D, GDM-M and Control) and stages of gestation (AN1, AN2, AN3 and PN) for maternal haemodynamic parameters: brachial artery augmentation index (AIx) (p = 0.004), aortic AIx (p = 0.008), and central systolic BP (p = 0.001). However, differences in respect of aortic pulse wave velocity (p = 0.001) and heart rate (p < 0.001) were only significant for gestational stage. At AN2, we did not observe any evidence that the mean brachial Aix in the GDM-M was different from the control group (p = 0.158). Conclusion: AIx and central systolic BP measures of arterial stiffness are adversely affected by GDM in comparison to controls during pregnancy. The possible beneficial effects of metformin therapy seen at 32 to 34 weeks of gestation require further exploration. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Value of PAPP-A combined with BMI in predicting the prognosis of gestational diabetes mellitus: an observational study; The aim of this study was to investigate the potential of pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) and clinical data in predicting gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Clinical data of 318 pregnant women with GDM and 200 healthy pregnant women were retrospectively analysed. The age, BMI and caesarean section in GDM were significantly higher than in normal group. Serum and placental levels of PAPP-A were significantly lower in GDM than in normal group. Pearson's correlation analysis showed that serum levels of PAPP-A were negatively correlated with BMI and blood glucose level. Binary logistic regression analysis displayed that PAPP-A were the potential factors influencing GDM. The area under the ROC curve (AUC) for PAPP-A combined with BMI in predicting GDM was 0.941, significantly higher than that of the single one. The potential of PAPP-A in the first trimester is limited in predicting GDM. PAPP-A combined with BMI is highly conductive for predicting GDM.Impact statement What is already known on this subject? GDM not only increases the risk of perinatal morbidity, but also results in an increased risk of long-term sequelae for both mother and child including diabetes, cardiovascular disease obesity. Previous data indicate that besides glycemic control in the second trimester, interventions initiated early in pregnancy can reduce the rate of GDM in pregnant women. The expression of PAPP-A in serum of GDM pregnant women was decreased in the first trimester. Whereas, whether PAPP-A can be as an early predictor of GDM is not clear. What do the results of this study add? The present study shows that PAPP-A MoM was less than 0.6757 in the first trimester of pregnancy is more prone to GDM. The potential of PAPP-A in the first trimester is limited in predicting GDM. PAPP-A combined with BMI is highly conductive for predicting GDM. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Early GDM prediction is crucial for prevention and management of GDM, to cope with the rising prevalence of GDM and reduce later life chronic disease of both mother and child. Based on the level of PAPP-A MoM and BMI, interventions such as lifestyle changes initiated early in pregnancy shouldbeenabledin pregnant women.
Differences in Hemodynamic, Hormonal and Heart Rate Variability Parameters in Complication-Free Pregnancies Compared to Individuals with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Preeclampsia: An Observational Retrospective Analysis; To investigate differences in hemodynamic, hormonal and heart rate variability parameters in women following complication-free pregnancies (healthy), preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) after giving childbirth. Data of 60 women (healthy: n = 29, age 32.7 +/- 4.5 years, BMI 24.2 +/- 4.3 kg/m(2); preeclampsia: n = 16, age 35.3 +/- 4.4 years, 28.5 +/- 6.4 kg/m(2); GDM, n = 15, age 32.3 +/- 6.0 years, BMI 26.4 +/- 6.2 kg/m(2)) were included. Two visits were conducted 16 and 48 weeks after giving childbirth. Hair samples were taken for analysis of cortisol and testosterone. ECG and blood pressure were recorded at each visit. Data were analyzed via RM-ANOVA and post-hoc testing (p <= 0.05). Heart rate increased from visit 1 to visit 2, whereas SDNN decreased (both p = 0.03). RMSSD showed an increased trend for groups (p = 0.06). Testosterone in the GDM group was significantly higher compared to the other groups (p = 0.002). Cortisol levels were significantly higher following post-hoc testing GDM was different compared to healthy individuals (p = 0.02). Hemodynamic changes from week 16 to week 48 did not differ between groups (p > 0.05). No differences between individuals with preeclampsia and healthy individuals were found for all hemodynamic parameters (p > 0.05). The study showed higher levels of chronic stress indicators in GDM measured via heart rate variability and cortisol compared to women with a history of preeclampsia and healthy women.
Pregnancy Complications and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease Later in Life: A Nationwide Cohort Study; Background The aim of this study was to investigate the associations between pregnancy complications and cardiovascular mortality and hospitalizations of cardiovascular disease (CVD) after adjustment for major confounding. Methods and Results In a nationwide register-based cohort study, women with singleton births between 1973 and 2014 were included from the Swedish Medical Birth Register. Outcomes of mortality and hospitalizations of CVD were collected from the Cause of Death Register and the National Inpatient Register. The cohort was followed from the date of the first delivery until death or end of follow-up, whichever occurred first. The pregnancy complications studied were preeclampsia or eclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, small for gestational age, and stillbirth. Among the 2 134 239 women (mean age at first pregnancy, 27.0 [SD, 5.1] and mean parity 1.96 [SD, 0.9]), 19.1% (N=407 597) had 1 of the studied pregnancy complications. All pregnancy complications were associated with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality and hospitalization for CVD (ischemic heart disease, ischemic stroke, and peripheral artery disease) after adjustment for major confounding in a Cox proportional hazard regression model. The adjusted hazard ratio for cardiovascular mortality was 1.84 (95% CI, 1.38-2.44) for preterm birth and 3.14 (95% CI, 1.81-5.44) for stillbirth. Conclusions In this large cohort study, pregnancy complications were associated with all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality, and hospitalizations for CVD, also after adjusting for confounding, including overweight, smoking, and comorbidities. The study highlights that less established pregnancy complications such as preterm birth and stillbirth are also associated with cardiovascular mortality and CVD.
The evaluation of fetal interventricular septum with M-mode and spectral tissue Doppler imaging in gestational diabetes mellitus: a case-control study; Objectives: To demonstrate possible functional changes in the frequently affected fetal interventricular septum (IVS) with spectral tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) and M-mode imaging to compare gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and control groups.Methods: A total of 63 pregnant women with GDM, 30 on diet (A1 GDM) and 33 on treated with insulin (A2 GDM), and 63 healthy pregnant women randomly selected and matched to the case group in the control group were included.Results: The GDM fetuses had significantly thickened IVS, increased early diastole (E'), atrial contraction (A'), systole (S'), higher myocardial performance index (MPI'), prolonged isovolumetric relaxation time (IVRT'), shortened ejection time (ET'), and decreased septal annular plane systolic excursion (SAPSE) than the controls. The A2 GDM group fetuses had significantly thickened IVS, increased S' and shortened ET' than the A1 GDM group. In the GDM group, we found a significantly positive low correlation between glycated hemoglobin levels and maternal serum fasting glucose and one-hour postprandial glucose with fetal IVS thickness. We demonstrated a significantly negative low correlation between maternal serum one-hour postprandial glucose, glycated hemoglobin levels, and gestational weight gain with fetal IVS ET'.Conclusions: Fetal IVS diastolic and systolic functions were altered in the GDM group compared to controls, and systolic functions were altered in A2 GDM compared to A1 GDM. This may alert clinicians to possible cardiovascular diseases in the postnatal life, and early preventive strategies and long-term lifestyle changes may provide protection in fetuses with GDM.
Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with increased C-reactive protein concentrations in the third but not second trimester; Objectives Serum C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations were measured longitudinally throughout pregnancy to test the hypothesis that CRP could relate more closely to glucose tolerance than to adiposity. Methods The CRP concentrations in pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) and those with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) were measured at the same time as the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), at the 24(th) and 28(th) weeks of gestation and between the 37(th) and 38(th) weeks of gestation. Results At the end of the third trimester, women with GDM had significantly higher CRP levels than women with NGT [median (interquartile range), 9.7 mg L-1 (5.4-16.0) and 5.7 mg L-1 (5.1-7.2); P < 0.001, respectively], but at the time of the diagnostic OGTT no significant difference between the two groups was observed. This was owing to a significant increase of CRP in women with GDM between the time of the OGTT and the 37(th)-38(th) gestational weeks [median (interquartile range), 1.9 mg L-1 (-2.2, 6.7); P = 0.01]; whereas, no change in CRP was found in women with NGT [median (interquartile range), -0.1 mg L-1 (-2.4, 3.1); P = 0.76]. Multiple linear regression analysis showed only a significant independent influence of GDM (P < 0.001) on maternal CRP concentrations in the 37(th)-38(th) gestational weeks and a significant influence of body mass index (P < 0.007), but no influence of GDM at the time of the OGTT. Conclusion These data suggest that in women with gestational diabetes the CRP concentration is primarily related to the degree of adiposity until the second trimester and that thereafter impaired glucose metabolism appears to be the predominant predictor of changes in CRP.
Association between atherogenic index of plasma and gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study based on the Korean population; BackgroundAtherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a non-traditional lipid parameter that can reflect the burden of atherosclerosis. A lipid profile resembling atherosclerosis emerged during pregnancy. Although lipid metabolism is pivotal in diabetes pathogenesis, there is no evidence linking AIP to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Therefore, our objective was to explore the relationship between AIP and GDM and assess AIP's predictive capability for GDM.MethodsThis was a secondary analysis based on data from a prospective cohort study in Korea involving 585 single pregnant women. AIP was calculated as log10 (TG/HDL). We examined the relationship between AIP and GDM using logistic regression models, curve fitting, sensitivity analyses, and subgroup analyses. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was also used to determine the ability of AIP to predict GDM.ResultsThe average age of the participants was 32.06 +/- 3.76 years. The AIP was 0.24 +/- 0.20 on average. The GDM incidence was 6.15%. After adjustment for potentially confounding variables, AIP showed a positive linear relationship with GDM (P for non-linearity: 0.801, OR 1.58, 95% CI 1.27-1.97). The robustness of the connection between AIP and GDM was demonstrated by sensitivity analyses and subgroup analyses. An area under the ROC curve of 0.7879 (95% CI 0.7087-0.8671) indicates that AIP is an excellent predictor of GDM. With a specificity of 75.41% and sensitivity of 72.22%, the ideal AIP cut-off value for identifying GDM was 0.3557.ConclusionsThis study revealed that the AIP at 10-14 weeks of gestation was independently and positively correlated with GDM risk. AIP could serve as an early screening and monitoring tool for pregnant women at high risk of GDM, thereby optimizing GDM prevention strategies.Trial registrationClinicalTrials.gov registration no. NCT02276144.
Influence of gestational diabetes mellitus on subclinical myocardial dysfunction during pregnancy: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: The correlation between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and subclinical myocardial dysfunction has been poorly investigated. Accordingly, we performed a meta-analysis to examine the influence of GDM on left ventricular (LV) global longitudinal strain (GLS), assessed by speckle tracking echocardiography (STE), during pregnancy.Study design: All echocardiographic studies assessing conventional echoDoppler parameters and LV-GLS in GDM women vs. healthy controls, selected from PubMed and EMBASE databases, were included. The risk of bias was assessed by using the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Quality Assessment of Case-Control Studies. The subtotal and overall standardized mean differences (SMDs) of LV-GLS were calculated using the random-effect model.Results: The full-texts of 10 studies with 1147 women with GDM and 7706 pregnant women without diabetes were analyzed. GDM women enrolled in the included studies were diagnosed with a small reduction in LV-GLS in comparison to controls (average value -19.4 +/- 2.5 vs -21.8 +/- 2.5 %, P < 0.001) and to the accepted reference values (more negative than -20 %). Substantial heterogeneity was detected for the included studies, with an overall statistic value I-2 of 94.4 % (P < 0.001). Large SMDs were obtained for the included studies, with an overall SMD of -0.97 (95 %CI -1.32, -0.63, P < 0.001). Egger's test for a regression intercept gave a P-value of 0.99, indicating no publication bias. On meta-regression analysis, all moderators and/or potential confounders (age at pregnancy, BMI, systolic blood pressure and ethnicity) were not significantly associated with effect modification (all P < 0.05).Conclusions: GDM is independently associated with subclinical myocardial dysfunction in pregnancy. STE analysis allows to identify, among GDM women, those who might benefit of targeted non-pharmacological and/or pharmacological interventions, aimed at reducing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular complications later in life.
Postpartum development of endothelial dysfunction and oxidative stress markers in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; Relationships between adhesion molecules (AM), oxidative stress, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and future development of type 2 diabetes mellitus are unclear. We investigated AM and oxidant/antioxidant markers in women with previous history of GDM. Postpartum women with GDM (cases; n = 41) and healthy women (controls; n = 21) had clinical and laboratory variables measured, including indicators of vascular damage (ICAM-1, VCAM-1 and E-selectin), oxidative stress (LPO, GSH and GST) and antioxidant markers (catalase, SOD, GPX and TAC). Previous GDM versus control women presented higher body mass index: 27.4 +/- A 5.6 versus 23.9 +/- A 3.6 (p = 0.013); waist circumference: 85.2 +/- A 12.9 versus 77.5 +/- A 9.0 (p = 0.017); MetS (WHO definition): 14.6 versus 0 % (p = 0.012); MetS (NCEP-ATPIII definition): 22 versus 0 % (p = 0.002); low HDL: 36.6 versus 9.5 % (p = 0.024); fasting glucose (mmol/L): 5.4 +/- A 0.6 versus 4.9 +/- A 0.2 (p < 0.001); glucose 120 min (mg/dL): 105.0 +/- A 30.2 versus 85.1 +/- A 14.2 (p = 0.007); fasting insulin (mu U/mL): 13.4 +/- A 8.1 versus 8.4 +/- A 4.3 (p = 0.004); HOMA index: 3.3 +/- A 2.3 versus 1.8 +/- A 1.0 (p = 0.002); HbA1c (%/mmol/mol): 5.4 +/- A 0.2 versus 5.2 +/- A 0.2/36 +/- A 1.4 versus 33 +/- A 1.4 (p = 0.021); uric acid (mg/dL): 4.1 +/- A 1 versus 3.5 +/- A 0.6 (p = 0.009); catalase (nmol/min/mL): 38.7 +/- A 15.6 versus 28.9 +/- A 11.1 (p = 0.013). There were no significant differences in hypertension prevalence, lipid fractions, albumin/creatinine ratio and AM. Women with previous GDM have high catalase levels which correlate positively with glucose intolerance, indicating the potential effect of oxidative stress on postpartum dysglycemic status.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in the first trimester and subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims/hypothesisAlthough there is substantial evidence that non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with impaired glucose homeostasis, the clinical significance of NAFLD in pregnant women has not been well determined. This study investigates the relationship between NAFLD in the first trimester and the subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).MethodsA multicentre, prospective cohort study was conducted in which singleton pregnant Korean women were assessed for NAFLD at 10-14weeks using liver ultrasound, fatty liver index (FLI) and hepatic steatosis index (HSI). Maternal plasma adiponectin and selenoprotein P concentrations were measured. Participants were screened for GDM using the two-step approach at 24-28weeks.ResultsSix hundred and eight women were included in the final analysis. The prevalence of NAFLD was 18.4% (112/608) and 5.9% (36/608) developed GDM. Participants who developed GDM had a higher prevalence of radiological steatosis (55.6% vs 16.1%; p<0.001) and higher FLI (40.0 vs 10.7; p<0.001) and HSI (35.5 vs 29.0; p<0.001). The risk of developing GDM was significantly increased in participants with NAFLD and was positively correlated with the severity of steatosis. This relationship between NAFLD and GDM remained significant after adjustment for metabolic risk factors, including measures of insulin resistance. Maternal plasma adiponectin and selenoprotein P levels were also correlated with both NAFLD severity and the risk of developing GDM.Conclusions/interpretationNAFLD in early pregnancy is an independent risk factor for GDM. Adiponectin may be a useful biomarker for predicting GDM in pregnant women.
The Association of Specific Dietary Patterns with Cardiometabolic Outcomes in Women with a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Scoping Review; Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with a significantly increased risk of later type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Post-natal interventions aim to reduce this risk by addressing diet and lifestyle factors and frequently focus on restricting energy or macronutrient intake. With increased interest in the role of complete dietary patterns in the prevention of cardiometabolic disease, we sought to evaluate what is known about the role of dietary patterns in reducing cardiometabolic risk in women with previous GDM. A systematic search was conducted to identify studies relating to dietary pattern and cardiometabolic parameters in women with a history of GDM. The search criteria returned 6014 individual studies. In total, 71 full texts were reviewed, with 24 studies included in the final review. Eleven individual dietary patterns were identified, with the Alternative Health Eating Index (AHEI), Mediterranean diet (MD), and low glycaemic index (GI) as the most commonly featured dietary patterns. Relevant reported outcomes included incident T2DM and glucose tolerance parameters, as well as several cardiovascular risk factors. Dietary patterns which have previously been extensively demonstrated to reduce the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic disorders in the general population, including AHEI, MD, and DASH, were found to be associated with a reduction in the incidence of T2DM, hypertension, and additional risk factors for cardiometabolic disease in women with a history of GDM. Notable gaps in the literature were identified, including the relationship between dietary patterns and incident CVD, as well as the relationship between a low GI diet and the development of T2DM in this population.
Consumption of Coffee and Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Observational Studies; Objective: The results from epidemiologic studies on the relationship between intake of coffee and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remain inconclusive. A meta-analysis was performed to achieve a comprehensive finding regarding the association between intake of coffee and the risk of GDM. Methods: PubMed, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Google Scholar were searched to find articles published up to August 2021. Observational studies that reported risk estimates [risk ratios (RRs), hazard ratios (HRs), and odds ratios (ORs)] for the association of consumption of coffee with the risk of GDM in pregnant women were included. Random effects model was applied to calculate summarized risk estimate and 95% CIs for the highest vs. lowest categories of intake of coffee. Results: Seven observational studies (three cohort, two case-control, and two cross-sectional studies) with 75,607 participants and 1,625 women with GDM met the inclusion criteria. The meta-analysis of comparing the highest vs. lowest intake of coffee categories showed no significant association between intake of coffee and risk of GDM (summarized risk estimate: 0.89; 95% CI: 0.76, 1.05; I-2 = 63.4%). Subgroup analysis showed that consumption of coffee had an inverse relationship with GDM in studies conducted in non-Asia countries (summarized risk estimate: 0.75; 95% CI: 0.58, 0.97; I-2 = 6%). Conclusion: This study has shown that high consumption of coffee did not decrease the risk of GDM. Furthermore, large-scale cohort studies are required to confirm our findings.
Serum ferritin concentration in gestational diabetes mellitus and risk of subsequent development of early postpartum diabetes mellitus; Purpose: To compare the serum ferritin concentrations of normal pregnant women with those having gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to determine the possible role of ferritin in predicting pregnancy outcome and early development of postpartum glucose intolerance and diabetes mellitus. Method: This case-control study consisted of 128 pregnant women (64 women with GDM and 64 age-matched healthy pregnant women) seen at a university hospital in Zanjan, Iran. Anthropometric measurements were determined, and serum ferritin, C-reactive protein, insulin, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA 1c), and hemoglobin levels were measured. Pregnancy outcomes were recorded in all subjects. In the women with GDM, a diagnostic oral glucose tolerance test was performed eight weeks after delivery. Results: Women with GDM had a higher concentration of serum ferritin (112 +/- 28.4 pmol/L in GDM versus 65 +/- 16.9 pmol/L in controls, P < 0.001). A positive correlation was found between serum ferritin level and mid-pregnancy fasting plasma glucose and HbA(1c) levels. Although women in the highest quartile of serum ferritin had a greater than two-fold increased risk of GDM, no significant correlation was found between ferritin levels and early postpartum oral glucose tolerance test results. Conclusions: Elevated serum ferritin concentrations in mid-pregnancy are associated with an increased risk of GDM independent of C-reactive protein and body mass index. Ferritin levels in GDM cannot be used as an indicator to predict subsequent glucose concentration in early postpartum oral glucose tolerance test.
The role of lipid dysregulation in gestational diabetes mellitus: Early prediction and postpartum prognosis; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pathological condition during pregnancy characterized by impaired glucose tolerance, and the failure of pancreatic beta-cells to respond appropriately to an increased insulin demand. However, while the majority of women with GDM will return to normoglycemia after delivery, they have up to a seven times higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes during midlife, compared with those with no history of GDM. Gestational diabetes mellitus also increases the risk of multiple metabolic disorders, including non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases. Lipid metabolism undergoes significant changes throughout the gestational period, and lipid dysregulation is strongly associated with GDM and the progression to future type 2 diabetes. In addition to common lipid variables, discovery-based omics techniques, such as metabolomics and lipidomics, have identified lipid biomarkers that correlate with GDM. These lipid species also show considerable potential in predicting the onset of GDM and subsequent type 2 diabetes post-delivery. This review aims to update the current knowledge of the role that lipids play in the onset of GDM, with a focus on potential lipid biomarkers or metabolic pathways. These biomarkers may be useful in establishing predictive models to accurately predict the future onset of GDM and type 2 diabetes, and early intervention may help to reduce the complications associated with GDM. Lipid dysregulation exhibits a robust association with gestational diabetes (GDM), and the identification of lipid biomarkers has enabled their application in the early prediction of both GDM and the subsequent onset of type 2 diabetes following delivery.image
Determination of the fetal myocardial performance index in women with gestational impaired glucose tolerance and to assess whether this parameter is a possible prognostic indicator of adverse fetal outcome; Aim: The aim of this study was to investigate if the myocardial performance index (MPI) is altered in fetuses in women with gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT), controlled on diet and whether this parameter is also predictive of adverse outcome in this group, as in poorly controlled gestational diabetes.Methods: In a prospective cross-sectional study, 32 women with GIGT on diet in the 3rd trimester were recruited and matched with 32 women with normal pregnancies (control group). Using Doppler echocardiography, the MPI was calculated. Placental resistance Doppler markers in both groups were also determined. An abnormal outcome was defined as any of the following: stillbirth, neonatal death, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admissions, tachypnea with pulmonary oedema, neonatal cord pH <7.15, five minute Apgar score <7, and cardiomyopathy.Results: The cases had a significantly higher median MPI compared to controls, p value <.0001. There were eight abnormal outcomes recorded in the 32 fetuses in the study group, corresponding to an adverse outcome rate of 25%. Fetuses with an adverse outcome had significantly higher MPI measurements compared to the GIGT fetuses with normal outcome. The MPI served as an excellent predictor of adverse outcome in the GIGT fetuses, with a total area under the ROC curve of 0.96. An MPI z-score greater than 4.0 conferred a sensitivity of 100% and specificity of 80%. No abnormal outcomes were noted in the control group.Conclusions: The MPI is impaired in fetuses in GIGT women, with fetuses with an adverse outcome having significantly higher MPI measurements compared to the fetuses with normal outcome in the GIGT group. MPI has the potential to improve fetal surveillance in gestational diabetes.
Association of DPP-4 Concentrations with the Occurrence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Excessive Gestational Weight Gain; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is considered one of the most common diseases that occur during pregnancy. In addition to increasing the risk of numerous complications throughout gestation, it is also believed to have a long-term potential to impact the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease for the mother and her offspring. While there are clear guidelines for healthy weight gain in pregnancy depending on pre-pregnancy BMI, as well as dietary and training recommendations to achieve this, an increasing number of women are experiencing excessive gestational weight gain (EGWG). Such patients have a higher risk of developing GDM and gestational hypertension, as well as requiring caesarian delivery. Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) is a glycoprotein that seems to play an important role in glucose metabolism, and inhibition of its activity positively affects glucose regulation. The aim of our study was to compare DPP-4 concentrations in patients with GDM and EGWG with healthy women. DPP-4 levels were assessed in serum and urine samples collected on the day of delivery. The bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) method was also used to analyze the body composition of patients on the second day of the postpartum period. DPP-4 serum concentrations were significantly higher in patients in the GDM and EGWG groups compared to healthy women. Urinary DPP-4 concentrations were significantly higher in the control and GDM groups than in the EGWG group. Serum DPP-4 levels were positively correlated with BMI measured before pregnancy, on the delivery day, and in the early postpartum period, among other factors. According to our knowledge, this is the first study to determine DPP-4 levels in EGWG patients. DPP-4 may be related to the occurrence of GDM and EGWG; however, this requires further research.
Recommendations for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention in Women: An Indian Perspective; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is one of the leading causes of death in women. On an average, coronary artery disease develops 10 years later in women than men, but they represent the majority of patients when age above 75 years is considered. Men and women share most of the classic cardiovascular risk factors, but the relative importance of each risk factor may be gender specific. This review explores the recommendations for the management of cardiovascular risk and CVD prevention in women in the Indian clinical setting based on multiple advisory board meetings conducted with cardiology experts across India. The experts concurred that women have distinct patterns of ischemic heart disease (IHD) and that the presence of traditional risk factors, female-specific risk factors, and nontraditional risk variables may add to the increasing risk of IHD. Transition to postmenopausal status is associated with a worsening coronary heart disease risk profile in women. Evidence suggests that both traditional and novel cardiovascular risk factors are often under recognized and undertreated in women. Several female-specific risk factors such as preterm delivery, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and polycystic ovary syndrome are not included in primary prevention nor are they routinely considered in a cardiovascular assessment at the clinical level. Understanding and good diagnostic tools are necessary to evaluate the different pathophysiological aspects and early detection of CVD in women.
Downregulation of microRNA-873 attenuates insulin resistance and myocardial injury in rats with gestational diabetes mellitus by upregulating IGFBP2; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a metabolic disorder characterized by insulin resistance, and patients with GDM have a higher risk of cardiovascular disease. Multiple microRNAs (miRNAs) are reported to be involved in the regulation of myocardial injury. Moreover, miR-873 was predicted to target insulin-like growth factor binding protein 2 (IGFBP2) through bioinformatic analysis, which was further confirmed using a luciferase assay. Thus, our objective was to assess whether microRNA-873 (miR-873) affects insulin resistance and myocardial injury in an established GDM rat model. The GDM rats were treated with miR-875 mimic or inhibitor or IGFBP2 siRNA. The effects of miR-875 and IGFBP2 on the cardiac function, insulin resistance, and myocardial injury were evaluated by hemodynamic measurements, determination of biochemical indices of myocardium and serum, and insulin homeostatic model assessment. The results indicated that downregulation of miR-873 upregulated the expression of IGFBP2 and promoted the activation of phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase (PI3K)/protein kinase B (AKT)/mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) axis. With downregulation of miR-873 in GDM rats. the cardiac function was improved and the myocardial apoptosis was inhibited, coupled with elevated activity of superoxide dismutase, carbon monoxide synthase, and the nitric oxide content. In addition, the inhibition of miR-873 in GDM rats modulated the insulin resistance and reduced myocardial apoptosis. Overall, the data showed that inhibition of miR-873 by targeting IGFBP2 may regulate the insulin resistance and curtail myocardial injury in GDM rats through activating the PI3K/AKT/mTOR axis, thus providing a potential means of impeding the progression of GDM.
Exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus induces neuroinflammation, derangement of hippocampal neurons, and cognitive changes in rat offspring; Background: Birth cohort studies link gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with impaired cognitive performance in the offspring. However, the mechanisms involved are unknown. We tested the hypothesis that obesity-associated GDM induces chronic neuroinflammation and disturbs the development of neuronal circuitry resulting in impaired cognitive abilities in the offspring. Methods: In rats, GDM was induced by feeding dams a diet high in sucrose and fatty acids. Brains of neonatal (E20) and young adult (15-week-old) offspring of GDM and lean dams were analyzed by immunohistochemistry, cytokine assay, and western blotting. Young adult offspring of GDM and lean dams went also through cognitive assessment. Cultured microglial responses to elevated glucose and/or fatty acids levels were analyzed. Results: In rats, impaired recognition memory was observed in the offspring of GDM dams. GDM exposure combined with a postnatal high-fat and sucrose diet resulted in atypical inattentive behavior in the offspring. These cognitive changes correlated with reduced density and derangement of Cornu Ammonis 1 pyramidal neuronal layer, decreased hippocampal synaptic integrity, increased neuroinflammatory status, and reduced expression of CX3CR1, the microglial fractalkine receptor regulating microglial pro-inflammatory responses and synaptic pruning. Primary microglial cultures that were exposed to high concentrations of glucose and/or palmitate were transformed into an activated, amoeboid morphology with increased nitric oxide and superoxide production, and altered their cytokine release profile. Conclusions: These findings demonstrate that GDM stimulates microglial activation and chronic inflammatory responses in the brain of the offspring that persist into young adulthood. Reactive gliosis correlates positively with hippocampal synaptic decline and cognitive impairments. The elevated pro-inflammatory cytokine expression at the critical period of hippocampal synaptic maturation suggests that neuroinflammation might drive the synaptic and cognitive decline in the offspring of GDM dams. The importance of microglia in this process is supported by the reduced Cx3CR1 expression as an indication of the loss of microglial control of inflammatory responses and phagocytosis and synaptic pruning in GDM offspring.
Risk of developing metabolic syndrome after gestational diabetes mellitus-a systematic review and meta-analysis; Purpose A systematic review and meta-analysis were conducted to quantitatively synthesize the current evidence regarding the risk of developing metabolic syndrome (MetS) in women with a personal history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), without pre-existing diabetes, compared with those without a history of GDM. Methods Four electronic databases [MEDLINE (via PubMed), Scopus, Cochrane Library, PROSPERO] were searched for relevant literature until July 29th 2020. Cochran's Q test was applied for the assessment of heterogeneity. The random-effects model was applied by calculating the odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) for each study. Publication bias was estimated with Egger's linear regression test. Results The results from 23 studies (10,230 pregnant women; 5169 cases, 5061 controls), indicated that women with a history of GDM had a higher risk of developing MetS compared with those without such a history (OR 3.45; 95% CI 2.80-4.25, p < 0.0001). This risk remained higher, independently of maternal age and ethnicity (although the risk was not as high in Asians; OR 2.11; 95% CI 1.27-3.52). The risk of developing MetS was even higher in studies where women with GDM had increased body mass index (BMI) compared with the controls (OR 4.14; 95% CI 3.18-5.38). Conclusions The risk for developing MetS following delivery is higher in women with a history of GDM compared with women without such a history. Timely recognition and appropriate intervention are critical to halt progression to MetS and its associated morbidity.
Effect of various doses of vitamin D supplementation on pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A randomized controlled trial; It has previously been reported that the influence of vitamin D on the metabolism of calcium and phosphorus is associated with diabetes, cardiovascular disease, Alzheimer's disease, cancer and other systemic diseases, and is considered an important indicator of general health. The present study was conducted to determine the effect of various doses of vitamin D supplementation on glucose metabolism, lipid concentrations, inflammation and the levels of oxidative stress of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The present randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial was conducted on 133 pregnant women with GDM during weeks 24-28 of pregnancy. The patients were randomly divided into four groups. The control group (n=20) received a placebo (sucrose; one granule/day), the low dosage group (n=38) received the daily recommended intake of 200 IU vitamin D (calciferol) daily, the medium dosage group (n=38) received 50,000 IU monthly (2,000 IU daily for 25 days) and the high dosage group (n=37) received 50,000 IU every 2 weeks (4,000 IU daily for 12.5 days). The general characteristics and dietary intakes of the patients with GDM were similar between each group. Using ELISA kits, it was determined that insulin, homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance and total cholesterol were significantly reduced by high dosage vitamin D supplementation (P<0.05). Total antioxidant capacity and total glutathione levels were significantly elevated as a result of high dosage vitamin D supplementation (P<0.01). In conclusion, high-dose vitamin D supplementation (50,000 IU every 2 weeks) significantly improved insulin resistance in pregnant women with GDM.
Up-regulation of BRD4 contributes to gestational diabetes mellitus-induced cardiac hypertrophy in offspring by promoting mitochondria dysfunction in sex-independent manner; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with cardiovascular disease in postnatal life. The current study tested the hypothesis that GDM caused the cardiac hypertrophy in fetal (ED18.5), postnatal day 7 (PD7), postnatal day 21 (PD21) and postnatal day 90 (PD90) offspring by upregulation of BRD4 and mitochondrial dysfunction. Pregnant mice were divided into control and GDM groups. Hearts were isolated from ED18.5, PD7, PD21 and PD90. GDM increased the body weight (BW) and heart weight (HW) in ED18.5 and PD7, but not PD21 and PD90 offspring. However, HW/BW ratio was increased in all ages of GDM offspring compared to control group. Electron microscopy showed disorganized myofibrils, mitochondrial swelling, vacuolization, and cristae disorder in GDM offspring. GDM resulted in myocardial hypertrophy in offspring, which persisted from fetus to adult in a sex-independent manner. Echocardiography analysis revealed that GDM caused diastolic dysfunction, but had no effect on systolic function. Meanwhile, myocardial BRD4 was significantly upregulated in GDM offspring and BRD4 inhibition by JQ1 alleviated GDM-induced myocardial hypertrophy in offspring. Coimmunoprecipitation showed that BRD4 interacted with DRP1 and there was an increase of BRD4 and DRP1 interaction in GDM offspring. Furthermore, GDM caused the accumulation of damaged mitochondria in hearts from all ages of offspring, including mitochondrial fusion fission imbalance (upregulation of DRP1, and downregulation of MFN1, MFN2 and OPA1) and myocardial mitochondrial ROS accumulation, which was reversed by JQ1. These results suggested that the upregulation of BRD4 is involved in GDM-induced myocardial hypertrophy in the offspring through promoting mitochondrial damage in a gender-independent manner.
Serum concentration of angiogenic (CXCL1, CXCL12) and angiostasis (CXCL9, CXCL10) CXC chemokines are differentially altered in normal and gestational diabetes mellitus associated pregnancies; Background The present study was aimed and designed to determine the serum levels of CXCL1 and CXCL12 as angiogenesis along with CXCL9 and CXCL10 as angiostasis, chemokines in, Gestational diabetes mellitus mothers (GDMM) and normal pregnancy mothers (NPM) and neonates who delivered by them. Methods We have recruited 63 pregnant GDMM and 63 normal pregnant mothers at the third trimester of pregnancy to this cross-sectional study. Cord blood specimens were obtained from neonates who were delivered from GDMM and NPM. The serum and cord blood levels of chemokines were measured by ELISA in studied groups. Data were analyzed by chi-square and student's t test between two groups. The P-values less than 0.05 were considered significant. Results Our results revealed that the serum levels of CXCL1, CXCL9 and CXCL12 were increased in GDMM, while no alteration was found in the serum levels of CXCL10 when compared to NPM. We have observed that in neonates the serum levels of angiogeneic chemokines followed an inverse fashion when compared to angiostasis chemokines. Interestingly, CXCL1 and CXCL12 were both increased in neonates who were delivered by GDMM, while, CXCL9 and CXCL10 were decreased in neonates delivered by GDMM.
Long-term risk of metabolic disorders in gestational diabetes mellitus mothers and offspring; Background: The incidence of Gestational Diabetes and Mellitus (GDM) is increasing at recent. It was hypothesized that offspring of mothers with GDM may have a relatively high risk for metabolic diseases, but there is still a controversy. Thus, this study aimed to investigate the long-term risk of glucose and lipid metabolic disorders in offspring of GDM mothers. Methods: GDM mothers (n=467) who gave birth in our department from February 1998 to July 2005 were enrolled and 123 patients were followed up (GDM group). Non-GDM mothers (n=80) admitted were also followed up (non-GDM group). Related clinical parameters of the offspring in both two groups were collected and analysed. Results: Compared with non-GDM mothers, GDM mothers had significantly higher serum fasting glucose (5.71 +/- 0.95 vs. 5.3 +/- 0.96 mmol/L) and triglyceride level (1.89 +/- 0.68 vs. 1.68 +/- 0.56 mmol/L), and there were more patients with overweight or obesity (33.33% vs. 20.0%), waist circumference >= 85 cm (39.02% vs. 23.75%), fasting glucose >= 6.1 mmol/L (28.46% vs. 13.75%), diastolic blood pressure >= 85 mmHg (18.70% vs. 6.25%) and metabolic syndrome (14.63% vs. 0.05%) (all Ps < 0.05), respectively. The offspring in GDM group had higher serum fasting glucose and triglyceride and the percentage of the offspring with overweight or obesity (26.02% vs. 7.50%), fasting glucose >= 6.1 mmol/L (9.80% vs. 2.50%) and high triglyceride (12.19% vs. 3.75%) in GDM group was higher than that in non-GDM group (all Ps < 0.05). Conclusions: The offspring of GDM mothers were prone to develop metabolic disorders including impaired glucose intolerance and hyperlipidemia, thus increasing the risk factors for cardiovascular disease.
Gestational diabetes from A to Z; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as any degree of hyperglycaemia that is recognized for the first time during pregnancy. This definition includes cases of undiagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) identified early in pregnancy and true GDM which develops later. GDM constitutes a greater impact on diabetes epidemic as it carries a major risk of developing T2DM to the mother and foetus later in life. In addition, GDM has also been linked with cardiometabolic risk factors such as lipid abnormalities, hypertensive disorders and hyperinsulinemia. These might result in later development of cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome. The understanding of the different risk factors, the pathophysiological mechanisms and the genetic factors of GDM, will help us to identify the women at risk, to develop effective preventive measures and to provide adequate management of the disease. Clinical trials have shown that T2DM can be prevented in women with prior GDM, by intensive lifestyle modification and by using pioglitazone and metformin. However, a matter of controversy surrounding both screening and management of GDM continues to emerge, despite several recent welldesigned clinical trials tackling these issues. The aim of this manuscript is to critically review GDM in a detailed and comprehensive manner, in order to provide a scientific analysis and updated write-up of different related aspects.
The impact of short-term hyperglycemia and obesity on biventricular and biatrial myocardial function assessed by speckle tracking echocardiography in a population of women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background and aims: To compare biventricular and biatrial myocardial strain indices assessed by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography (2D-STE) in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and those with uncomplicated pregnancy at the third trimester of pregnancy and in post-partum. Methods and results: 30 consecutive GDM women and 30 age-, ethnicity- and gestational week matched controls without any comorbidity were examined in this prospective case-control study. All women underwent obstetric visit, blood tests and transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) implemented with 2D-STE analysis of all cardiac chambers at 36-38 weeks' gestation. TTE and 2D-STE were repeated at 6-10 weeks after delivery. At 36-38 weeks' gestation, GDM women, compared to controls, had significantly higher body mass index (BMI), blood pressure values and inflammatory markers. TTE showed increased left ventricular (LV) mass and impaired LV diastolic function in GDM women, whereas there was no significant difference between the groups in ejection fraction. 2D-STE revealed that biventricular global longitudinal strain (GLS) and biatrial reservoir strain indices were significantly lower in GDM women than controls. Third trimester BMI was inversely correlated with LV-GLS (r Z-0.86) and was independently associated with reduced LV-GLS (less negative than -20%) in GDM women in post-partum (OR 1.81, 95%CI 1.14-2.89). A BMI value >= 30 kg/m(2) had 100% sensitivity and 99.5% specificity for identifying GDM women with impaired LV-GLS in post-partum (AUC = 0.97). Conclusion: Women with GDM, compared to women with uncomplicated pregnancy, have significantly lower biventricular and biatrial myocardial deformation indices. These abnormalities may be persistent in post-partum in GDM women with obesity. (C) 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Following in mother's footsteps? Mother-daughter risks for insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease 15 years after gestational diabetes; P>Aims To determine effects on mothers and daughters of gestational diabetes mellitus/gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GDM/GIGT) on their future metabolic and cardiovascular risks. Methods Case mothers who had GDM/GIGT in pregnancy (cases; n = 90) and normoglycaemic control women (n = 99) and their daughters underwent lifestyle assessment and metabolic tests 15-years post-partum. Results Prevalence of glucose intolerance (GI) in daughters was 1.1%. Maternal prevalence was 44.4% in cases compared to 13.1% in controls, with conversion best predicted by weight gain. Case daughters had higher insulin resistance (IR) and greater waist circumference (WC) (51.2%) relative to control daughters (36.4%, p < 0.05) made worse if case mothers became GI at follow-up (65%) (relative risk =1.8; 95% confidence interval 1.2-2.9). In multivariable linear regression analyses adjusting for daughters' birthweight, maternal obesity (> 30.0 kg/m2) at 15years and mothers' case-control status were strong predictors of daughters' WC (p < 0.01; P < 0.01, respectively). For daughters' body mass index (BMI) percentile and percentage of body fat, maternal obesity was a stronger predictor (p < 0.01; p < 0.001)) than mothers' case-control status (p < 0.01; P = 0.09). Conclusions GDM/GIGT pregnancies led to increased conversion to GI in mothers, minimal in daughters. Case daughters have increased risk of central adiposity and insulin resistance, whereas maternal obesity strongly predicted daughters' BMI percentile and per cent of body fat. Controlling hyperglycaemia in pregnancy and family weight management may provide the key to preventing offspring obesity and glucose intolerance post GDM/GIGT.
Association between dietary inflammatory index and gestational diabetes mellitus risk in a prospective birth cohort study; Objective: Information is limited regarding the possible relationship between diet-related inflammation and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This study investigated the association between the inflammatory potential of the diet, measured by the dietary inflammatory index (DII), and GDM risk in pregnant Chinese women. Methods: This study included 2639 eligible women from the Tongji Maternal and Child Health Cohort. Dietary intake was assessed by a validated semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire and was used to calculate the DII score. The DII was then validated using C-reactive protein measurements in a subsample of 133 pregnant women. GDM diagnoses were collected from medical records based on the results of a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test at 24 to 28 wk gestation. Multivariable-adjusted logistic regression models were performed to estimate the odds ratios (ORs) for GDM risk by DII score, modeled continuously and in tertiles. Results: Of the 2639 participants, 13.1% were diagnosed with GDM. DII scores ranged from -4.45 to 3.15 and were positively associated with C-reactive protein (adjusted beta : 1.28, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.16, 2.40; P trend = 0.023) when comparing DII tertile 3 (most pro-inflammatory) to tertile 1 (most anti-inflammatory). A significant and positive association was observed between DII scores and GDM risk (adjusted OR: 1.43; 95% CI: 1.05, 1.95; P trend = 0.022) comparing the highest versus lowest tertiles. The stratified analysis showed that this association was stronger in pregnant women who were overweight or obese before pregnancy (adjusted OR: 2.20; 95% CI: 1.03, 4.69). Conclusions: These findings suggest that a higher DII score, corresponding to a more proinflammatory diet, is associated with a higher risk of GDM, particularly in pregnant women who were overweight or obese before pregnancy. (C) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Association Between Age at Menarche and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; In this study, we aimed to examine the association between age at menarche and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Data were from 4,749 women participating in the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health between 2000 and 2012. Age at menarche was reported at baseline in 2000 when women were aged 22-27 years. During 12 years of follow-up, information on GDM diagnosis was obtained for each live birth. Log-binomial regression analysis was used to estimate relative risks and 95% confidence intervals. Analyses adjusted for mother's highest completed educational qualification, nulliparity, polycystic ovary syndrome, physical activity, and body mass index. Mean age at menarche was 12.9 years (standard deviation, 1.4). A first diagnosis of GDM was reported by 357 women (7.5%). Compared with women with menarche at age 13 years, women who had their first menstruation at age <= 11 years had a 51% higher risk of developing GDM (95% confidence interval: 1.10, 2.07) after adjustment for GDM risk factors. Our findings indicate that a young age at menarche may identify women at higher risk of GDM. Further prospective studies are needed to confirm our findings and to elucidate the role of early-life exposures in age at menarche and subsequent GDM risk.
Does a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Affect Key Outcomes in Women Participating in a Diabetes Prevention Program?; Objectives To evaluate lifestyle change outcomes among women with and without a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) enrolled in the Montana Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP). Methods Participation, self-monitoring behavior, weight loss, and cardiometabolic risk reduction were compared among 5091 women at high-risk for type 2 diabetes, with and without a history of GDM, enrolled in the Montana DPP between 2008 and 2015. Results Women with a history of GDM (6% of enrolled women, n = 283) were significantly younger than women without GDM. No significant differences in participation, self-monitoring fat intake, achievement of the physical activity goal, or weight loss were found among women with and without a history of GDM. Overall, women lost an average of 5.0 kg (+/- 6.5), and 45 and 29% of women achieved 5 and 7% weight loss, respectively. Both groups lost significant and comparable amounts of weight. After adjusting for age and other factors, no differences were found in achievement of >= 5% weight loss (AOR 0.84; 95% CI 0.61-1.16) or the >= 7% weight loss goal (AOR 1.04; 95% CI 0.73-1.47) among women with and without a history of GDM. Conclusions for Practice Our findings suggest that women with and without a history of GDM successfully participate in and achieve significant weight loss in the DPP. Health care providers should identify and refer women with risk factors for type 2 diabetes, including a history of GDM, to a DPP within their community.
Relationship between serum uric acid in early pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study; Purpose The association between serum uric acid (UA) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was still unclear. Serum UA levels in pregnancy differed from that in non-pregnancy. This study aimed to investigate the changes of serum UA in early pregnancy, and to explore the association of serum UA with the risk of GDM.Methods A prospective double-center study including 873 singleton pregnant women was conducted in Beijing, China since 2019 (clinical trial number: NCT03246295). Seventy-eight healthy non-pregnant women were selected to compare the changes of biomarkers in pregnancy. Spearman correlation and logistic regression analysis were performed to measure the relationship between serum UA in early pregnancy and GDM.Results The incidence of GDM in our cohort was 20.27%(177/873). Compared with non-pregnant women, serum UA and creatinine decreased significantly during early pregnancy. Serum UA concentration in early pregnancy was significantly higher in GDM women than that in normal glucose tolerance (NGT) women [217.0(192.9, 272.0) mu mol/l vs. 201.9(176.0, 232.0) mu mol/l, p < 0.001]. After adjusted for confounding factors, elevated serum UA remained as an independent risk factor for GDM. The risk of GDM increased when serum UA was above 240 mu mol/l (adjusted OR 1.964, 95% CI 1.296-2.977, p < 0.001), and stronger relationships between serum UA and GDM were observed in pregnant women aged over 35 years old and preBMI >= 24 kg/m(2).Conclusion The normal range of serum UA and creatinine in pregnant women were lower than those in non-pregnant women. It is essential to monitor serum UA concentrations since early pregnancy to alert and prevent GDM, especially in older and heavier pregnant women.
Association of serum amyloid A with subclinical atherosclerosis in women with gestational diabetes; The aim of our study was to evaluate serum amyloid A (MA), an acute phase reactant, and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) as a valid predictor of atherosclerosis in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Serum samples from 39 pregnant women with GDM and 25 healthy pregnant women were collected for the analysis of SAA. CIMT was measured in both groups to evaluate future atherosclerotic heart disease risk. The SAA level was measured with ELISA. The mean arterial blood pressure (MABP), CIMT and SAA levels were significantly higher in women with GDM compared with healthy pregnant controls (p = 0.033, p = 0.001 and p = 0.004, respectively). There were significant correlations between SAA and age, BMI, MABP, 50-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and A1c (p = 0.048,p = 0.037, p = 0.035, p = 0.042 and p = 0.048, respectively) and between CIMT and BMI, MABP, and 50-g OGTT, (p = 0.001,p = 0.004 and p < 0.001, respectively) in correlation analysis. Furthermore, there was a correlation between SAA and CIMT (p = 0.048). Increased SAA and CIMT values in GDM compared with healthy controls might indicate an increased risk of subclinical atherosclerosis and future atherosclerotic heart disease and the importance of inflammation in this process. These changes were associated with obesity, hypertension and glucose intolerance-related factors (BMI, MABP, and 50-g OGTT), which may be relevant to GDM pathophysiology.
Vitamin D supplementation for cardiometabolic risk markers in pregnant women based on the gestational diabetes mellitus or obesity status : a randomized clinical trial; Purpose Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or obesity are vulnerable to impaired gestational cardiovascular health (CVH) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the future. It is unclear if prenatal vitamin D supplementation improves gestational CVH, especially in women at high risk for developing CVD. Our goal was to find out if vitamin D supplementation could protect against gestational CVH, including the women with GDM or obesity. Design We randomly assigned women with a serum 25(OH)D concentration < 75 nmol/L to receive 1600 IU/d (intervention group) or 400 IU/d (control group) of vitamin D3 for two months at 24-28 weeks' gestation. The primary outcome was gestational CVH marks (lipids, inflammatory cytokines, endothelial function). Results There were 1537 participants divided into the intervention (N = 766) and control groups (N = 771). No baseline differences existed among study groups in CVH markers. At the two-month visit, the intervention group's HDL-C levels (2.01 +/- 0.39 VS 1.96 +/- 0.39 mmol/L) were significantly higher than those of the control group, while the hs-CRP levels were significantly lower (3.28 +/- 2.02 VS 3.64 +/- 2.42 mg/L). Subgroup analysis found that HDL-C, TC, hs-CRP, E-Selectin, and SBP were improved in the intervention group among women with GDM or overweight/obesity, and the improvement was not found in women without GDM or overweight/obesity. Vitamin D supplementation significantly decreased the mean triglyceride-glucose index at the two-month visit in women with GDM. Conclusions Vitamin D supplementation at mid-gestation might optimize the gestational CVH status for pregnant women, particularly the women with GDM or obesity, which is advantageous for later-life primary prevention of CVD.
Relationship Between Pregnancy Complications and Subsequent Coronary Artery Disease Assessed by Coronary Computed Tomographic Angiography in Black Women; Background: Maternal pregnancy complications, particularly preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus, are described to increase the risk for subsequent coronary artery disease (CAD). In addition, black women are at higher risk for CAD. The objective of this study was to compare the prevalence and extent of CAD as detected by coronary computed tomographic angiography (CCTA) in black women with and without a history of prior pregnancy complications. Methods: We retrospectively evaluated patient characteristics and CCTA findings in groups of black women with a prior history of preterm delivery (n=154), preeclampsia (n=137), or gestational diabetes mellitus (n=148), and a matched control group of black women who gave birth without such complications (n=445). Univariate and multivariate analyses were performed to assess risk factors of CAD. Results: All groups with prior pregnancy complications showed higher rates of any (>= 20% luminal narrowing) and obstructive (>= 50% luminal narrowing) CAD (preterm delivery: 29.2% and 9.1%; preeclampsia: 29.2% and 7.3%; and gestational diabetes mellitus: 47.3% and 15.5%) compared with control women (23.8% and 5.4%). After accounting for confounding factors at multivariate analysis, gestational diabetes mellitus remained a strong risk factor of any (odds ratio, 3.26; 95% CI, 2.03-5.22; P<0.001) and obstructive CAD (odds ratio, 3.00; 95% CI, 1.55-5.80; P<0.001) on CCTA. Conclusions: Black women with a history of pregnancy complications, particularly gestational diabetes mellitus, have a higher prevalence of CAD on CCTA while only a history of gestational diabetes mellitus was independently associated with any and obstructive CAD on CCTA.
Carotid intima media thickness, brachial flow mediated dilation and previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnancy condition with long-term complications. We examined the association between inflammatory mediators and early atherosclerosis process by measuring the flow mediated dilatation (FMD) of brachial artery and carotid intima media thickness (CIMT) in women with previous GDM (pGDM). Material and Methods: Women with and without pGDM with an average of 4 years following the indexed pregnancy, participated in this study. Serum levels of IL-6, hs-CRP, adiponectin, homocystein and other biomedical parameters were measured. The existence of early atherogenesis process was evaluated by measuring CIMT and FMD. Results: HOMA-IR and insulin were significantly higher in women with pGDM. Women with pGDM had slightly higher CIMT and significantly lower percent of brachial FMD. FMD and CIMT, adjusted for age and blood pressure, showed the same pattern. FMD showed no correlation with biochemical or inflammatory markers. Conclusion: Follow-up of this group of women, who are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease, with FMD should be considered.
Long-Term Follow-Up on Morbidity Among Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) complicates up to 10% of pregnancies and is a well-known risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. Little is known about possible long-term risks of other diseases. Background The aim was to review the literature for evidence of associations with morbidity other than T2DM and cardiovascular disease and with long-term mortality. Methods A systematic review based on searches in Medline, Embase, and Cochrane Library until March 31, 2021, using a broad range of keywords. We extracted study characteristics and results on associations between GDM and disease occurrence at least 10 years postpartum, excluding studies on women with diabetes prior to pregnancy or only diabetes prior to outcome. The results are reported according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA). Newcastle-Ottawa Scale was used to assess risk of bias. Results We screened 3084 titles, 81 articles were assessed full-text, and 15 included in the review. The strongest evidence for an association was for kidney diseases, particularly in Black women. We found indication of an association with liver disease, possibly restricted to women with T2DM postpartum. The association between GDM and breast cancer had been studied extensively, but in most cases based on self-reported diagnosis and with conflicting results. Only sparse and inconsistent results were found for other cancers. No study on thyroid diseases was found, and no study reported on short-term or long-term mortality in women with a history of GDM. Conclusion Given the frequency of GDM, there is a need for better evidence on possible long-term health consequences, in particular, studies based on comprehensive records of diagnosis of GDM and long-term health outcomes.
Association of osteoprotegerin gene T950C polymorphism with cardiometabolic risk factors in gestational diabetes mellitus in South Indian Tamilian women; Background & aims: This study was designed to explore the relevance of Osteoprotegerin (OPG) and its polymorphism in the cardiometabolic risk in gestational diabetes mellitus patients before diet-therapy (GDMA1). Methods: South Indian Tamilian pregnant women were screened and 145 were grouped as GDMA1 (n = 73) and normal pregnancy (n = 72). Serum OPG, TNF alpha, lipid profile, insulin and blood pressure was compared. Genomic DNA was analysed for rs2073617 T950C polymorphism. Chi square test was done to analyze the frequency distribution of alleles. Multiple regression analysis was done to assess the association among cardiometabolic parameters. Results: TNF alpha (p < 0.01), Osteoprotegerin (p < 0.01), lipid profile (p < 0.01), atherogenic indices (p < 0.01), systolic and diastolic and blood pressure (<0.001) levels were higher in GDMA1 patients. TNF alpha (p < 0.01) and osteoprotegerin (p < 0.01) were higher in women with CT allele. Osteoprotegerin was independently contributed by BMI in all GDMA1 cases and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) in CT allele cases. There was significantly higher odd (OR = 3.63) in the distribution of CT genotype among the multiparous women. Conclusions: Osteoprotegerin, atherogenic lipid risk factor and inflammation are higher in GDMA1 women. Rise in OPG is contributed by high BMI in GDMA1 women. Higher odds of CT allele distribution in multiparous women suggests that TT allele women are at higher risk of developing GDM in their first pregnancy. Further analysis of T950C polymorphism in a larger cohort is warranted to confirm its role. (C) 2021 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on carotid artery intima-media thickness in and after pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background The association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and common carotid artery (CCA) intima-media thickness (IMT) is still controversial. This systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to assess the correlation between GDM and CCA-IMT in and after pregnancy. Methods PubMed and EMBASE databases were systematically reviewed on April 2023. Studies measuring CCA-IMT in both pregnant women with GDM and women with previous history of GDM (pGDM) vs. healthy controls were included. The subtotal and overall standardized mean differences (SMDs) of CCA-IMT were calculated using the random-effect model. Results Nineteen studies with a total of 302 GDM and 861 pGDM women were analyzed. The average value of CCA-IMT measured in GDM/pGDM (0.59 +/- 0.12 mm) was slightly increased in comparison to the accepted reference limits of IMT according to age classes. Substantial heterogeneity was detected for the studies involving both GDM and pGDM women, with an overall statistic I-2 of 86.0% (p < 0.001). Large SMDs were obtained for the studies conducted on both GDM and pGDM women, with an overall SMD of 0.89 (95%CI 0.63-1.15, p < 0.001). Egger's test for a regression intercept gave a p-value of 0.37, indicating no publication bias. On meta-regression analysis, all potential confounders (number of patients, age at pregnancy, body mass index, measuring time, follow-up duration and GDM criteria) were not significantly associated with effect modification. Conclusions GDM in and after pregnancy is independently associated with subclinical atherosclerosis. The association between GDM and carotid remodeling is potentially mediated by the longstanding underlying risk.
Fetal Cardiac Functional Abnormalities Assessed by Echocardiography in Mothers Suffering Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Abnormal cardiovascular changes especially hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is potentially expected in the fetuses of the diabetic pregnancy women. However, there is still little consensus on quantitative cardiac abnormalities in infants with diabetic mothers. The present study comprehensively analyzed the studies on functional changes in heart in infants of diabetic mothers with a greater focus on occurrence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. All comparative studies evaluating and comparing quantitatively the changes in cardiac parameters using echocardiography in fetuses with and without diabetic mothers were eligible for assessment. The included studies were identified through electronically reviewing the manuscripts databases of MEDLINE, EMBASE, Web of knowledge, and Google Scholar from inception to May 2020. The meta-analysis included 11 comparative with overall 849 fetuses for gestational diabetic mothers and 1247 for healthy mothers. Assessing cardiac diameters by fetal echocardiography showed significantly lower mitral E/A ratio, lower tricuspid E/A ratio, higher interventricular septal thickness, higher myocardial performance index, higher isovolumic relaxation time, and higher isovolumic contraction time in fetuses of gestational diabetes mellitus group as compared to healthy group adjusting for gestational diabetes mellitus. The presence of gestational diabetes mellitus can potentially affect the fetal cardiac parameters especially as hypertrophic cardiomyopathy leading both cardiac systolic and diastolic dysfunction.
Neurodevelopment of Two-Year-Old Children Exposed to Metformin and Insulin in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objective:To compare cognitive, language, and motor skills and results of neurological examination in 2-year-old children born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus treated with metformin with those treated with insulin.Method:The children of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus randomized to metformin (n = 75) or insulin (n = 71) treatment during pregnancy were examined by standardized developmental and neurological measures; the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development (Bayley-III) and the Hammersmith Infant Neurological Examination.Results:There were no significant differences between the metformin and insulin groups in the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development (Bayley-III) test of cognitive scale (p = .12), receptive communication (p = .14) or expressive communication (p = .75), fine motor scale (p = .10) or gross motor scale (p = .13), or the global scores of Hammersmith Infant Neurological Examination (p = .14). None of the children had a clinically significant developmental problem. However, compared with age-adjusted norms, a trend for weaker language performance was observed in both study groups.Conclusion:No differences in neurodevelopmental outcome were seen in 2-year-old children born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treated with insulin or metformin during pregnancy. The results suggest that children born to mothers with GDM and exposed to metformin in utero do not systematically need extensive formal neurodevelopmental assessment in early childhood.
Increased risk of cardiovascular and renal disease, and diabetes for all women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus in New Zealand-A national retrospective cohort study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study is to compare cardiometabolic and renal outcomes for all women in New Zealand with gestational diabetes (2001-2010) with women without diabetes, 10-20 years following delivery. Methods: A retrospective cohort study, utilizing a national dataset providing information for all women who gave birth between 1 January 2001 and 31 December 2010 (n = 604 398). Adolescent girls <15 years, women >= 50 years and women with prepregnancy diabetes were excluded. In total 11 459 women were diagnosed with gestational diabetes and 11 447 were matched (for age and year of delivery) with 57 235 unexposed (control) women. A national hospital dataset was used to compare primary outcomes until 31 May 2021. Results: After controlling for ethnicity, women with gestational diabetes were significantly more likely than control women to develop diabetes-adjusted hazard ratio (HR) 20.06 and 95% confidence interval (CI) 18.46-21.79; a first cardiovascular event 2.19 (1.86-2.58); renal disease 6.34 (5.35-7.51) and all-cause mortality 1.55 (1.31-1.83), all p values <.0001. The HR and 95% CI remained similar after controlling for significant covariates: diabetes 18.89 (17.36-20.56), cardiovascular events 1.79 (1.52-2.12), renal disease 5.42 (4.55-6.45), and all-cause mortality 1.44 (1.21-1.70). When time-dependent diabetes was added to the model, significance remained for cardiovascular events 1.33 (1.10-1.61), p = .003 and renal disease 2.33 (1.88-2.88), p < .0001 but not all-cause mortality. Conclusions: Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes have an increased risk of adverse cardiometabolic and renal outcomes. Findings highlight the importance of follow-up screening for diabetes, cardiovascular risk factors, and renal disease.
Association between social capital and the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus: An interim report of the Japan Environment and Children's Study; Background: Social capital is generally defined as the quality and frequency of social interactions with relatives, neighbors, and society. Social capital refers to broad concepts of social interactions and structures in individuals, communities and societies such as trust (e.g., neighborhood trust, which is social cohesion with neighbors) and social support (e.g., emotional support, which is the level of the feeling of being loved). Studies during the last few decades have shown that there is a significant inverse association between social capital and the prevalences of diseases such as depression and acute coronary syndrome. Significant inverse associations between trust, social support and the prevalence of diabetes have also been shown. However, associations between social capital and the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are less clear. Methods: We used the primary dataset of the Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS), including 10,228 mothers with recorded obstetric outcomes from January to December 2011. In this study, we included 8874 the 10,228 participants. Diagnosis of GDM was determined using the criteria of the Japan Diabetes Society (JDS). The quality and quantity of social capital were measured with nine questions on a self-administered questionnaire during the second or third trimester. Using principal component analysis (PCA), we distinguished the following three components (indices) of social capital: (A) index of all nine questions about social capital, (B) index of emotional support and neighborhood trust and (C) index of generalized trust. The high factor loading variants of indices were as follows; (A) all nine variants, (B) five variants about emotional support and neighborhood trust and (C) two variants about generalized trust. Multivariate random effect modeling was used to calculate the odd ratios (ORs) for evaluating the association between these indices of social capital and the prevalence of GDM. This model was adjusted for baseline characteristics such as family income, BMI before pregnancy and smoking during pregnancy. Results: Of the 8874 participants, 204 women developed GDM (2.30%). Multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that index B, the index of emotional support and neighborhood trust (adjusted OR: 0.651, 95% CI: 0.429, 0.987) was significantly and independently associated with the prevalence of GDM. Conclusions: We found that the 5-question index of emotional support and neighborhood trust is significantly associated with the prevalence of GDM during pregnancy. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Screening of differentially expressed proteins from syncytiotrophoblast for severe early-onset preeclampsia in women with gestational diabetes mellitus using tandem mass tag quantitative proteomics; BackgroundPrevious studies have revealed that women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of developing preeclampsia (PE). The possible reason is the abnormal lipid metabolism caused by GDM that leads to dysfunction of vascular endothelial cells and atherosclerosis, resulting in the onset of PE. However, studies focusing on the pathogenesis of PE in syncytiotrophoblast of GDM patients are lacking. This study aimed to compare differentially expressed proteins from syncytiotrophoblast between women with GDM and women with GDM with subsequently developed PE.MethodsSyncytiotrophoblast samples were obtained from pregnant women immediately after delivery. To explore the protein expression changes of syncytiotrophoblast that might explain the pathogenesis of PE in women with GDM, quantitative proteomics was performed using tandem mass tag (TMT) isobaric tags and liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Bioinformatics analysis was performed to enrich the biological processes that these differentially expressed proteins were involved in.ResultsA total of 28,234 unique peptides and 4140 proteins were identified in all samples. Among them, 23 differentially expressed proteins were identified between patients with GDM and patients with GDM with subsequently developed PE. Therein, 11 proteins were upregulated and 12 proteins were downregulated. Two relative proteins (FLT1 and PABPC4) were independently verified using immunoblotting analysis. Bioinformatic results indicated that the onset of PE in patients with GDM is a multifactorial disorder, involving factors such as apoptosis, transcriptional misregulation, oxidative stress, lipid metabolism, cell infiltration and migration, and angiogenesis.ConclusionThese results indicated that the inadequacy of endometrium infiltration, angiogenic disorder, and oxidative stress in syncytiotrophoblast are more likely to occur in patients with GDM and may be the potential mechanisms leading to such patients secondarily developing severe early-onset PE.
Heart Disease, Hypertension, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, and Preeclampsia/Eclampsia in Mothers With Juvenile Arthritis: A Nested Case-Control Study; ObjectiveTo determine whether women with a history of juvenile arthritis are at higher risk for heart disease and hypertension and for developing adverse maternal outcomes: gestational diabetes mellitus, maternal hypertension, and preeclampsia/eclampsia. MethodsWe designed a nested case-control study from a cohort of first-time mothers with prior physician billing codes suggesting juvenile arthritis, and a matched comparison group without juvenile arthritis. For the nested case-control design, we selected 3 controls for each case for the outcomes of heart disease (n=403), prepregnancy hypertension (n=66), gestational diabetes mellitus (n=285), maternal hypertension (n=561), and preeclampsia/eclampsia (n=236). We used conditional logistic regression, adjusting for maternal age and education. ResultsHaving juvenile arthritis was associated with heart disease (odds ratio [OR] 2.44 [95% confidence interval (95% CI) 1.15-5.15]) but not with gestational hypertension, diabetes mellitus, or preeclampsia/eclampsia. All 66 cases of prepregnancy hypertension had juvenile arthritis. Having prepregnancy hypertension was strongly associated with preeclampsia/eclampsia (OR 8.05 [95% CI 2.69-24.07]). ConclusionWomen with a history of juvenile arthritis had a higher risk of heart disease. This risk signals the potential importance of cardiac prevention strategies in juvenile arthritis. As this was a retrospective study, it was not possible to correct for some relevant potential confounders. Further studies should assess the impact of medications, disease severity, and other factors (e.g., obesity) on cardiac outcomes in juvenile arthritis.
The Q192R polymorphism of the paraoxonase-1 (<i>PON1</i>) gene is associated with susceptibility to gestational diabetes mellitus in the Greek population; A key factor protecting from oxidative stress in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and in type 2 diabetes (T2D) is paraoxonase-1 (PON1). Inconclusive and limited data exist regarding the effect of a coding polymorphism (Q192R) of the PON1 gene in conferring susceptibility to both states. In the present study, we investigated the association between the PON1 gene and the risk for GDM in the Greek population and assessed for the first time its transcriptional efficiency. We studied 185 women with GDM and 104 non-diabetic controls for the PON1 polymorphism. For PON1 mRNA expression, peripheral leucocytes were harvested from 20 GDM and 20 control women, harboring different genotypes for the polymorphism, using real-time quantitative PCR. The RR genotype and the R allele of the PON1 Q192R polymorphism were significantly associated with an increased risk for GDM (p=0.012 and p<0.0001, respectively). Furthermore, there was no statistical correlation between the individual metabolic parameters tested and the three genotypes. Finally, the expression levels of PON1 mRNA in GDM patients did not exhibit any statistical difference compared with normal controls (p=0.138). These data independently document that the Q192R polymorphism is closely associated with GDM susceptibility, while the PON1 gene expression is not impaired in GDM.
Postpartum lifestyle behaviour among women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus: evidence from the HUNT study; IntroductionWomen with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Recommendations for postpartum follow-up include targeted lifestyle advice to lower the risk.The aim of this study was to compare postpartum lifestyle behaviours and perceptions among women with and without a history of GDM. In addition, we examined whether lifestyle behaviours of women with a history of GDM participating in a lifestyle intervention study differed from lifestyle behaviours of women with a history of GDM in the general population.IntroductionWomen with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Recommendations for postpartum follow-up include targeted lifestyle advice to lower the risk.The aim of this study was to compare postpartum lifestyle behaviours and perceptions among women with and without a history of GDM. In addition, we examined whether lifestyle behaviours of women with a history of GDM participating in a lifestyle intervention study differed from lifestyle behaviours of women with a history of GDM in the general population.Research design and methodsWe linked data from the fourth survey of the population-based Trondelag Health Study (HUNT4) to information from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway for women with registered births between 2000 and 2019. Using logistic regression, we compared lifestyle behaviours in women with and without GDM. In secondary analyses, lifestyle behaviours in women with GDM participating in a postpartum lifestyle intervention study were compared with HUNT participants with GDM using Fisher's exact tests/t-tests.ResultsA high proportion of the women in our population, regardless of GDM history, reported several unhealthy lifestyle behaviours. We found no significant association between history of GDM and lifestyle behaviours. The lifestyle intervention study for women with a history of GDM appeared to recruit women with more favourable lifestyle behaviours.ConclusionsWomen, regardless of GDM history, could potentially benefit from further support for lifestyle improvement, but it may be especially important in women with a history of GDM given their increased risk of T2DM and CVD. Interventions targeting women with GDM might not reach the women with the unhealthiest lifestyle behaviours, and measures to reach out to all women should be further investigated.
Considering gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension history across two pregnancies in relationship to cardiovascular disease development: A retrospective cohort study; Aims: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertension (GHTN) occurrences signal elevated cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. There is little study of occurrence and recurrence of these conditions in relationship to CVD. Among women with two singleton pregnancies, we aimed to quantify CVD risk in relationship to the number of GDM/ GHTN occurrences.Methods: In this Quebec-based retrospective cohort study (n = 431,980), we ascertained the number of GDM/ GHTN occurrences over two pregnancies and assessed for CVD over a median of 16.4 years (cohort inception 1990-2012, outcomes 1990-2019). We defined CVD as a composite of myocardial infarction, stroke, and angina, requiring hospitalization and/or causing death. We adjusted Cox proportional hazards models for offspring size, preterm/term birth status, maternal age group, time between deliveries, ethnicity, deprivation level, and co morbid conditions.Results: Compared to absence of GDM/GHTN in either pregnancy, one GDM/GHTN occurrence increased CVD hazards by 47% (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.47, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.35-1.61), two occurrences nearly doubled hazards (HR = 1.91, 95% CI 1.68-2.17), and three or more approximately tripled CVD hazards (HR = 2.93, 95% CI 2.20-3.90). Individual components of the composite demonstrated similar findings.Conclusions: Health care providers and mothers should consider a complete history of GDM/GHTN occurrences to ascertain the importance and urgency of preventive action.
Activity and distribution of plasma platelet-activating factor acetylhydrolase in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and their neonates; Background Abnormal activity and distribution of plasma platelet-activating factor acetylhydrolase (PAF-AH) are associated with chronic inflammatory status. In this study, we investigate the activity and distribution of plasma PAF-AH and their association with metabolic components in mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and in their neonates. Methods Based on the International Association of Diabetes Pregnancy Study Group criteria, we performed a case-controlled study of 101 women with GDM, 98 women with uncomplicated pregnancies, 142 neonates of mothers with GDM and 121 neonates of mothers with uncomplicated pregnancies. Plasma PAF-AH, high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-associated PAF-AH (H-PAF-AH) and apolipoprotein (apo) B-containing lipoprotein-associated PAF-AH (apoB-PAF-AH) activities were measured using the trichloroacetic acid precipitation procedure with PAF C-16 as a substrate. Results The plasma PAF-AH and apoB-PAF-AH activities, triglyceride (TG) levels, atherogenic index and TG/HDL-C ratio were increased, and the H-PAF-AH proportions were decreased in the mothers with GDM compared with the control mothers (p<0.05). Multivariate regression analyses demonstrated that the apoB and TG levels were significant predictors of plasma PAF-AH or apoB-PAF-AH activities, while the low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels, weight gain during pregnancy and age were associated with H-PAF-AH activities. The neonates of mothers with GDM had higher plasma insulin and glucose concentrations (p<0.05) and tended to exhibit increased serum apoB levels (p=0.062) compared with the neonates of mothers with uncomplicated pregnancies. Conclusions The mothers with GDM presented with a state of chronic inflammation, and these mothers and their neonates also exhibited unfavourable metabolic profiles in terms of glucose and lipids. Copyright (C) 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Associations between fruit and vegetables intake and abnormal glucose tolerance among women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus; PurposeWomen with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at higher risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D). The aim of this study was to investigate the association between fruit and vegetables (FV) intake and abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT) among women with prior GDM.MethodsA total of 281 women with prior GDM have been recruited a mean of 6years after their pregnancy in this cohort study. FV intake was obtained with a validated food frequency questionnaire(FFQ). Anthropometric and glycemic components were measured during their clinical visit and women were stratified according to normal glucose tolerance (NGT) or AGT.ResultsA cross-sectional analysis showed that a total of 155 women had NGT and 126 AGT. Women with AGT had significantly lower FV (6.50.2) and vegetables servings (3.9 +/- 0.2) and tended to have lower fruit servings (2.6 +/- 0.2) than women with NGT (7.4 +/- 0.2, 4.5 +/- 0.2 and 3.0 +/- 0.1, respectively) (p=0.001, p=0.04 and p=0.10, respectively, adjusted for age and BMI). FV intake, per one serving increase, was associated with a reduced likelihood of having AGT [OR=0.88 (0.81-0.97) after adjustment for age and BMI]. Vegetables or fruit intake tended to be associated with a reduced likelihood of having AGT [OR=0.88 (0.78-1.00) and OR=0.88 (0.76-1.02), respectively, after adjustment for age and BMI].ConclusionsHigher intake of FV may be associated with a lower likelihood of AGT among women with prior GDM. Further studies are needed to confirm these results in this high-risk population.
Preserved structural and functional characteristics of common carotid artery in properly treated normoglycemic women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk of subsequently developing type 2 diabetes mellitus which is an important cardiovascular risk factor. We have evaluated whether preclinical morphological and functional arterial changes are present in GDM. Diameter, intima-media thickness (IMT), intima-media cross-section area (IMCSA) and elasticity features (compliance, distensibility coefficient, circumferential strain, stiffness index (SI) alpha and beta, incremental elastic modulus) of the common carotid arteries (CCA) were studied in the 3(rd) trimester in 25 women with GDM, and 17 normal pregnant women matched for age and body mass index using an ultrasonographic vessel wall-movement tracking system and applanation tonometry. Mean IMT, IMCSA and SI alpha tended to be larger, whereas compliance was smaller in women with GDM but none of these differences were significant. Serum glucose (4.99 +/- 0.51 vs. 4.79 +/- 0.61 mmol/L, p=0.37) and HbA1c (5.33 +/- 0.27 vs. 5.36 +/- 0.47 mmol/L, p=0.85) proved normoglycemia in both groups. In conclusion, by the combination of methods we applied in this case control study, neither morphological nor functional characteristics of large elastic arteries differ significantly between well-treated normoglycemic women with GDM and non-diabetic pregnant women in the 3(rd) trimester.
Effect of exercise modality on markers of insulin sensitivity and blood glucose control in pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review; Background/aimExercise can be used as a strategy to attenuate hyperglycaemia experienced during gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). To maximize its use for clinical management, the most effective modality should be identified. The purpose of this review is to elucidate the most effective modality of exercise on insulin sensitivity and blood glucose control in pregnant women with or at risk of GDM. MethodsA search was undertaken in MEDLINE, PubMed, Scopus, CINAHL, the Cochrane Library, Embase and the Maternity & Infant Healthcare Database. Studies that met inclusion criteria were randomized controlled trials and case-controlled studies, which compared exercise interventions with standard care during pregnancy in women with or at risk of GDM. ResultsTwo interventions using resistance training, eight using aerobic exercise and two using a combination of both modalities were included. The interventions showed consistently that requirements of insulin therapy, dosage, and latency to administration were improved in the exercise groups. Less consistent results were observed for capillary blood glucose measurements; however, both modalities and combination of modalities were effective at improving blood glucose control in already diagnosed patients and pregnant women with obesity. Discrepancies in the timing of intervention, GDM diagnostic criteria, and the different measures used to assess glucose metabolism make it difficult to draw clear recommendations. ConclusionExercising three times per week for 40-60min at 65-75% age-predicted heart rate maximum using cycling, walking or circuit training as a modality improved glycaemic control in GDM patients and reduced incidence of GDM in pregnant women with obesity. Further studies looking specifically at the effects of different modalities of exercise on glucose metabolism with combined strategies to enhance insulin sensitivity should be explored to maximize benefits for GDM pregnancies. Consistency in design and delivery of exercise-only interventions is required to make recommendations on a suitable exercise prescription in this population. In practice, adherence to consensus in diagnostic cut-offs for GDM diagnosis is fundamental for standardizing future research.
Human fetoplacental arterial and venous endothelial cells are differentially programmed by gestational diabetes mellitus, resulting in cell-specific barrier function changes; An adverse intrauterine environment can result in permanent changes in the physiology of the offspring and predispose to diseases in adulthood. One such exposure, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), has been linked to development of metabolic disorders and cardiovascular disease in offspring. Epigenetic variation, including DNA methylation, is recognised as a leading mechanism underpinning fetal programming and we hypothesised that this plays a key role in fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction following exposure to GDM. Thus, we conducted a pilot epigenetic study to analyse concordant DNA methylation and gene expression changes in GDM-exposed fetoplacental endothelial cells. Genome-wide methylation analysis of primary fetoplacental arterial endothelial cells (AEC) and venous endothelial cells (VEC) from healthy pregnancies and GDM-complicated pregnancies in parallel with transcriptome analysis identified methylation and expression changes. Most-affected pathways and functions were identified by Ingenuity Pathway Analysis and validated using functional assays. Transcriptome and methylation analyses identified variation in gene expression linked to GDM-associated DNA methylation in 408 genes in AEC and 159 genes in VEC, implying a direct functional link. Pathway analysis found that genes altered by exposure to GDM clustered to functions associated with 'cell morphology' and 'cellular movement' in healthy AEC and VEC. Further functional analysis demonstrated that GDM-exposed cells had altered actin organisation and barrier function. Our data indicate that exposure to GDM programs atypical morphology and barrier function in fetoplacental endothelial cells by DNA methylation and gene expression change. The effects differ between AEC and VEC, indicating a stringent cell-specific sensitivity to adverse exposures associated with developmental programming in utero. DNA methylation and gene expression datasets generated and analysed during the current study are available at the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo) under accession numbers GSE106099 and GSE103552, respectively.
Impact of Systemic Inflammation on the Progression of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; With increasing rates of obesity and new diagnostic criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the overall prevalence of GDM is increasing worldwide. Women with GDM have an increased risk of maternal and fetal complications during pregnancy as well as long-term risks including higher prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. In recent years, the role of immune activation and inflammation in the pathogenesis of GDM has gained increasing attention. This monograph explores the current state of the literature as regards the expression of markers of inflammation in the maternal circulation, placenta, and adipose tissue of women with GDM.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine and gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Purpose Emerging evidence demonstrates that asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) levels are elevated in patients with or at risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Since women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk of future CVD, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to compare ADMA concentrations between women with and without GDM during pregnancy and postpartum.Methods PubMed, Google Scholar, EMBASE, and CINAHL databases were searched. The review protocol is registered in PROSPERO (CRD42021276796). Study selection, data extraction, and data analyses were performed in accordance with PRISMA guidelines. Random-effects model was used to quantify ADMA levels in the study groups.Results Eleven studies provided data on 1148 women. Mean plasma ADMA concentration was 0.04 mu mol/L (95% confidence interval (CI) -0.06-0.15) higher in pregnant women with GDM than those without GDM, but no significant difference was observed. In contrast, our meta-analysis demonstrated a significant increase in postpartum mean ADMA concentration (Mean Difference (MD) 0.11 mu mol/L; 95% CI 0.05-0.16) among women with previous GDM compared to women without previous GDM.Conclusion Elevated ADMA levels in GDM may be a CVD risk factor, suggesting that ADMA may be a potential biomarker for early CVD risk prediction in women with GDM.
Outcomes in women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus Screening and prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus Literature review; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are characterized by a high risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (X 7), metabolic syndrome (X 2 to 5) and cardiovascular diseases (X 1,7) Women with lesser degrees of glucose intolerance share the same risks T2DM may occur from postpartum (5 to 14%) to several years later, up to 25 years Some factors associated with T2DM are identified obesity, early diagnostic before 24 weeks, high pregnancy OGTT blood glucose or insulinotherapy Screening for T2DM only with fasting glucose provides less sensibility than with OGTT, HbA1c may supplant these dosages The recurrence rate of GDM is between 30 and 84%, non white ethnicity and insulinotherapy during GDM being the best proven predictors High risk women need repeated life long screenings for glycemic abnomalies, or when another pregnancy is planned Among overweight or obese women with history of GDM who show minor glycoregulation disturbances, it is proved that modifications of lifestyle in intensive programs or metformin halve the risk of DT2 However, studies analysing practices show low adhesion to screening, without an intensive program, few women implement lifestyle modifications These intensive programs should be implemented and proposed to high risk women Their therapeutic education should also include prevention of cardiovascular risk factors (C) 2010 Elsevier Masson SAS All rights reserved
"If I Don't Eat Enough, I Won't Be Healthy". Women's Experiences with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Treatment in Rural and Urban South India; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a range of adverse pregnancy outcomes as well as increased risk of future type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In India, 10%-35% of pregnant women develop GDM. In this study, we investigated women's experiences with the dietary and pharmaceutical treatment for GDM in rural and urban Tamil Nadu, India. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with 19 women diagnosed with GDM. Data were analyzed using qualitative content analysis. Three overall aspects were discovered with several sub-aspects characterizing women's experiences: emotional challenges (fear and apprehension for the baby' health and struggling to accept a treatment seen as counterintuitive to being safe and healthy), interpersonal challenges (managing treatment in the near social relations and social support, and coordinating treatment with work and social life), and health system-related challenges (availability and cost of treatment, interaction with health care providers). Some aspects acted as barriers. However, social support and positive, high-quality interactions with health care providers could mitigate some of these barriers and facilitate the treatment process. Greater efforts at awareness creation in the social environment and systemic adjustments in care delivery targeting the individual, family, community and health system levels are needed in order to ensure that women with GDM have the opportunity to access treatment and are enabled and motivated to follow it as well.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and risk of long-term all-cause and cardiac mortality: a prospective cohort study; BackgroundTo investigate the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) without subsequent overt diabetes and long-term all-cause and cardiac mortality.MethodsThis prospective cohort study included 10,327 women (weighted population: 132,332,187) with a pregnancy history from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (2007 to 2018). Participants were divided into three groups (GDM alone, overt diabetes, and no diabetes). Mortality data was linked from the National Death Index up to December 31, 2019. Multivariable Cox regression analysis was performed to examine the association between GDM alone and overt diabetes with all-cause mortality and cardiac mortality. Data analysis was performed from October 2022 to April 2023.ResultsAmong the participants, 510 (weighted 5.3%) had GDM alone and 1862 (weighted 14.1%) had overt diabetes. Over a median follow-up period of 6.7 years (69,063 person-years), there were 758 deaths. The GDM group did not show an increased risk of all-cause mortality (hazard ratio [HR] 0.67; 95% CI, 0.25-1.84), while the overt diabetes group had a significantly higher risk (HR 1.95; 95% CI, 1.62-2.35). Similarly, the GDM group did not exhibit an elevated risk of cardiac mortality (HR 1.48; 95% CI, 0.50-4.39), whereas the overt diabetes group had a significantly higher risk (HR 2.37; 95% CI, 1.69-3.32). Furthermore, sensitivity analysis focusing on women aged 50 or above showed that the HR of GDM history for all-cause mortality was 1.14 (95% CI, 0.33-3.95) and the HR for cardiac mortality was 1.74 (95% CI, 0.49-6.20).ConclusionsGDM alone was not associated with an increased risk of all-cause and cardiac mortality, while overt diabetes was significantly associated with both types of mortality.
Earlier Age of Onset of Chronic Hypertension and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus After a Hypertensive Disorder of Pregnancy or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; A prospective cohort study was conducted to assess the impact of a history of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the risk and age of onset of hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D), and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life, independent of hypertension and T2D. Between 1993 and 1997, 22 265 ever-pregnant women were included from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition-NL study, aged 20 to 70 years at baseline. Details on complications of pregnancy and known hypertension were obtained by questionnaire. Blood pressure was measured at enrollment. Participants were followed for the occurrence of CVD events. Data were analyzed using ANCOVA, multivariable logistic regression, and Cox proportional hazard (with HDP and GDM as time-dependent variables for T2D and CVD) models. At enrollment, women with a HDP reported diagnosis of hypertension 7.7 years earlier (95% confidence interval [CI] 6.9-8.5) and women with GDM reported diagnosis of T2D 7.7 years earlier (95% CI 5.8-9.6) than women without pregnancy complications. After adjustment for potential confounders, HDP was associated with presence of hypertension at enrollment (odds ratio 2.12, 95% CI 1.98-2.28) and onset of CVD later in life (hazard ratio 1.21, 95% CI 1.10-1.32). After including the intermediates hypertension and T2D in the model, the risk of CVD later in life decreased (hazard ratio 1.09, 95% CI 1.00-1.20). GDM was associated with an increased risk of developing T2D later in life (hazard ratio 3.68, 95% CI 2.77-4.90), but not with risk of CVD. HDP and GDM have a substantial impact on the risk of CVD and are potentially important indicators for preventive cardiovascular risk management.
The fetal and maternal consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a type of diabetes that presents during pregnancy and usually disappears shortly after a woman gives birth. Better recognition of the risk factors of GDM, combined with more universal screening for the disease in many countries, has led to the increased detection of GDM along with other forms of pregestational diabetes. There is growing evidence that GDM significantly increases the risk of a number of short- and long-term adverse consequences for the fetus and mother, the most significant of which is a predisposition to the development of metabolic syndrome and Type 2 diabetes. Maternal and childhood obesity as well as cardiovascular disease are also potential long-term consequences of GDM. On the other hand, there is a growing body of evidence suggesting that the risk of many of these consequences can be significantly reduced or eliminated by aggressive treatment of GDM. There remains, however, a great deal of controversy over when to begin screening for hyperglycemia in pregnancy and at what level of hyperglycemia should aggressive intervention be initiated.</.
Stressful events, smoking exposure and other maternal risk factors associated with gestational diabetes mellitus; Hosler AS, Nayak SG, Radigan AM. Stressful events, smoking exposure and other maternal risk factors associated with gestational diabetes mellitus. Paediatric and Perinatal Epidemiology 2011; 25: 566-574. The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has increased significantly in the last few decades in the US. Understanding its risk factors is imperative for the prevention of GDM and its sequelae, but the roles of behavioural risk factors such as stressful events and smoking on GDM are generally not well understood. Using data obtained from the New York State (NYS) Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System survey for 2004-06 and the NYS birth certificates, we examined relationships between GDM, stressful events and smoking among 2690 women who had live singleton births and did not have pre-pregnancy diabetes. After adjustment for risk factors such as maternal age, race/ethnicity, pre-pregnancy body mass index, hypertension, as well as smoking exposure, education, parity, and gestation at first visit for prenatal care, we found that having five or more stressful events 12 months before the baby was born was significantly associated with GDM (OR = 2.49, [95% CI 1.49, 4.16]). In another model, having any stressful event(s) other than 'moved to a new address' 12 months before the baby was born was also moderately associated with GDM (OR = 1.38, [95% CI 1.04, 1.85]). Smoking exposure, assessed by combining maternal smoking and second-hand smoke exposure into six levels, had no significant association with GDM, and did not show a dose-response pattern. The present study suggests that stressful events during pregnancy may be an independent risk factor for GDM. Future studies of GDM should include this common, but potentially modifiable risk factor in analyses.
Maternal Dyslipidaemia in Pregnancy with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Possible Impact on Foetoplacental Vascular Function and Lipoproteins in the Neonatal Circulation; Dyslipidaemia occurs in pregnancy to secure foetal development. The mother shows a physiological increase in plasma total cholesterol and Triglycerides (TG) as pregnancy progresses (i.e. maternal physiological dyslipidaemia in pregnancy). However, in some women pregnancy-associated dyslipidaemia exceeds this physiological adaptation. The consequences of this condition on the developing fetus include endothelial dysfunction of the foetoplacental vasculature and development of foetal aortic atherosclerosis. Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) associates with abnormal function of the foetoplacental vasculature due to foetal hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinaemia, and associates with development of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Supraphysiological dyslipidaemia is also detected in GDM pregnancies. Although there are several studies showing the alteration in the maternal and neonatal lipid profile in GDM pregnancies, there are no studies addressing the effect of dyslipidaemia in the maternal and foetal vasculature. The literature reviewed suggests that dyslipidaemia in GDM pregnancy should be an additional factor contributing to worsen GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction by altering signalling pathways involving nitric oxide bioavailability and neonatal lipoproteins.
Increased cholesterol intake in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim. - Cholesterol intake is associated with the risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus, but no previous studies have evaluated its role regarding the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We investigate the relation between cholesterol intake and GDM. Methods. - At screening for GDM, 335 pregnant women were evaluated for dietary intake (including cholesterol) during the previous year validated Food-frequency questionnaire). Results. - Forty-one women were diagnosed with GDM and 294 did not meet the GDM criteria. Women with GDM were older (32.8 +/- 0.7 vs. 30.2 +/- 0.3 years; P = 0.0 1) and had a higher body mass index (27.3 +/- 0.7 vs. 24.3 +/- 0.3 kg/m(2); P == 0.0 1) than women without GDM. They also had more frequently a family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus (51.2% vs. 40.0%; P = 0.02) and history of previous GDM (14.6% vs. 1.7%, P = 0.01), and were evaluated earlier in pregnancy (22.1 +/- 1.2 vs. 24.9 +/- 0.5 weeks; P = 0.03). There were no significant differences between groups in smoking habit, and alcohol, total energy, protein, carbohydrate, fats and fiber intake. Women with GDM had a higher cholesterol intake than women without GDM (145.3 +/- 4.5 mg/1000 kcal vs. 134.5 +/- 1.6 mg/1000 kcal; P = 0.03). In a multiple logistic regression model, previous GDM, BMI, age and cholesterol intake (OR - 1.88; 95% CI: 1.09-3.23 for each increase of 50 mg/1000 kcal) were independently and positively associated with GDM. Conclusion. - We conclude that cholesterol intake is independently associated with GDM and that it could be involved in the pathogenesis of GDM. (c) 2007 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Remnant cholesterol, but not other cholesterol parameters, is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women: a prospective cohort study; ObjectiveNo evidence has been found of a relationship between remnant cholesterol (RC) and the likelihood of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in pregnant women. The aim of our study was to investigate the link between serum RC at 12-14 weeks of gestation and the risk of GDM.MethodsThis was a secondary analysis with data from a prospective cohort study in Korea. A total of 590 single pregnant women attending two hospitals in Korea, up to 14 weeks gestation, from November 2014 to July 2016 were included in the study. The formula used to calculate RC in detail was RC (mg/dL) = TC (mg/dL)-HDL-c (mg/dL)-LDL-c (mg/dL). Logistic regression models were employed to examine the relationship between RC and GDM and explore the association between other lipoprotein cholesterol parameters and the risk of GDM. Furthermore, receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was performed to assess the ability of RC to identify GDM. Additionally, sensitivity and subgroup analyses were conducted.ResultsThe mean age of participants was 32.06 & PLUSMN; 3.80 years. The median of RC was 34.66 mg/dL. 37 pregnant women (6.27%) were eventually diagnosed with GDM. Multivariate adjusted logistic regression analysis showed that RC was positively associated with the risk of GDM (OR = 1.458, 95% CI 1.221, 1.741). There was no significant association between other lipoprotein cholesterols (including TC, LDL-c, HDL-c) and the risk of GDM. The area under the ROC curve for RC as a predictor of GDM was 0.8038 (95% CI 0.7338-0.8738), and the optimal RC cut-off was 24.30 mg/dL. Our findings were demonstrated to be robust by performing a series of sensitivity analyses.ConclusionSerum RC levels at 12-14 weeks of gestation are positively associated with GDM risk in pregnant women. RC in early pregnancy is an early warning indicator of GDM in pregnant women, especially those with normal HDL-c, LDL-c, and TC that are easily overlooked. There is a high risk of developing GDM in pregnant women whose RC is more than 24.30 mg/dL. This study may help optimize GDM prevention in pregnant women and facilitate communication between physicians, pregnant patients, and their families.
Blunted cerebral oxygenation during exercise in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: associations with macrovascular function and cardiovascular risk factors; Aim/Hypothesis: This cross-sectional, observational, controlled study examined cerebral oxygenation during exercise, an index of cerebrovascular function and cortical activation, in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and unaffected pregnancies. The association of cerebral oxygenation with macrovascular and cardiovascular function indices was also evaluated. Material and Methods: Vascular function and structure [aortic pulse-wave-velocity (PWV), augmentation index (Al), carotid intima-media thickness], as well as 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure (BP) were assessed in women with GDM (n = 21) and uncomplicated pregnancies (n = 16), at 26-32 gestational weeks. Changes in cerebral oxygenation [oxy- (O(2)Hb), deoxy- (HHb) and total- (tHb) hemoglobin] were continuously recorded by near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) during intermittent handgrip exercise. Beat-by-beat BP and systemic vascular resistance (SVR) were assessed (Finapres). Results: Women with GDM had higher AI than controls. During exercise, women with GDM maintained a smaller force (p < 0.05), despite similar ratings of perceived exertion. Despite similar increases in BP during exercise, the GDM group exhibited a lower average and total (AUC) increase in cerebral-O(2)Hb than controls (p < 0.05). In addition, GDM exhibited a slower rate of cerebral-O(2)Hb decay during recovery (p < 0.05). SVR was lower in GDM compared to controls throughout the protocol (p < 0.01). Cerebral oxygenation indices were correlated with PWV and Al (p < 0.05). Conclusions: This study provided novel evidence for blunted cerebral oxygenation during exercise in women with GDM compared to uncomplicated pregnancies, suggesting a link between reduced cerebrovascular function with exercise intolerance in GDM. Cerebral oxygenation during physical stress was correlated with macrovascular function and cardiovascular risk factors. More studies are needed to examine whether this impaired cerebral oxygenation reflects early cerebrovascular disease. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Local Preserving Class Separation Framework to Identify Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Mother Using Ultrasound Fetal Cardiac Image; In the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the fetus is exposed to a hyperinsulinemia environment. This environment can cause a wide range of metabolic and fetal cardiac structural alterations. Fetal myocardial hypertrophy predominantly affecting the interventricular septum possesses a morphology of disarray similar to hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, and may be present in some GDM neonates after birth. Myocardial thickness may increase in GDM fetuses independent of glycemic control status and fetal weight. Fetal echocardiography performed on fetuses with GDM helps in assessing cardiac structure and function, and to diagnose myocardial hypertrophy. There are few studies in the literature which have established evidence for morphologic variation associated with cardiac hypertrophy among fetuses of GDM mothers. In this study, fetal ultrasound images of normal, pregestational diabetes mellitus (preGDM) and GDM mothers were used to develop a computer aided diagnostic (CAD) tool. We proposed a new method called local preserving class separation (LPCS) framework to preserve the geometrical configuration of normal and preGDM/GDM subjects. The generated shearlet based texture features under LPCS framework showed promising results compared with deep learning algorithms. The proposed method achieved a maximum accuracy of 98.15% using a support vector machine (SVM) classifier. Hence, this paradigm can be helpful to physicians in detecting fetal myocardial hypertrophy in preGDM/GDM mothers.
The optimal control of blood glucose is associated with normal blood pressure 24 hours profile and prevention of the left ventricular remodeling in the patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of the optimal diabetes control on the left ventricular parameters and ambulatory blood pressure in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: The patients with GDM were followed up according to predetermined protocol in order to optimize blood glucose and optimal weight gain. Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) and transthoracal and tissue echocardiography were examined in 36th week of pregnancy. RESULTS: The age of 35 women with GDM was 33.1 +/- 3 and 30.5 +/- 4.4 years in 31 healthy control subjects (p=0.2). Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) in the patients with GDM was 5.0 +/- 0.5 mmol/L compared to 4.6 +/- 0.3 mmol/L in control subjects (p=0.002). Average weight gain during pregnancy was significantly lower in women with GDM; 10 +/- 7.6 kg vs. 13.1 +/- 3.7 kg in healthy pregnant women (p=0.05). No significant differences were recorded in 24 hours mean heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure and number of nondippers between both groups. The significant correlation was detected between FPG and blood pressure dipping in subjects with GDM. Interventricular septal, posterior wall and relative wall thickness of the left ventricle were significantly higher in patients with GDM comparing to healthy pregnant women but no significant differences of the left ventricular functions were recorded. CONCLUSION: The optimal control of diabetes in GDM is associated with normal 24 hours blood pressure profile and prevention of the left ventricular function changes in GDM patients. The differences in the left ventricular walls thicknesses may be explained by metabolic changes in GDM.
Untargeted metabolomics of saliva in pregnant women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus and healthy non-pregnant women; ObjectiveThe aim of this study was to compare the differences in salivary metabolites between pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), healthy pregnant women (HPW), and healthy non-pregnant women (HNPW), and analyze the possible associations between the identified metabolites and gingivitis. MethodThe study included women with GDM (n = 9, mean age 28.9 & PLUSMN; 3.6 years, mean gestational age 30.1 & PLUSMN; 3.2 weeks), HPW (n = 9, mean age 27.9 & PLUSMN; 3.0 years, mean gestational age 28.6 & PLUSMN; 4.7 weeks), and HNPW (n = 9, mean age 27.7 & PLUSMN; 2.1 years). Saliva samples were collected from all participants and were analyzed with LC-MS/MS-based untargeted metabolomic analysis. Metabolite extraction, qualitative and semi-quantitative analysis, and bioinformatics analysis were performed to identify the differential metabolites and metabolic pathways between groups. The identified differential metabolites were further analyzed in an attempt to explore their possible associations with periodontal health and provide evidence for the prevention and treatment of periodontal inflammation during pregnancy. ResultsIn positive ion mode, a total of 2,529 molecular features were detected in all samples, 166 differential metabolites were identified between the GDM and HPW groups (89 upregulated and 77 downregulated), 823 differential metabolites were identified between the GDM and HNPW groups (402 upregulated and 421 downregulated), and 647 differential metabolites were identified between the HPW and HNPW groups (351 upregulated and 296 downregulated). In negative ion mode, 983 metabolites were detected in all samples, 49 differential metabolites were identified between the GDM and HPW groups (29 upregulated and 20 downregulated), 341 differential metabolites were identified between the GDM and HNPW groups (167 upregulated and 174 downregulated), and 245 differential metabolites were identified between the HPW and HNPW groups (112 upregulated and 133 downregulated). A total of nine differential metabolites with high confidence levels were identified in both the positive and negative ion modes, namely, L-isoleucine, D-glucose 6-phosphate, docosahexaenoic acid, arachidonic acid, adenosine, adenosine-monophosphate, adenosine 5 & PRIME;-monophosphate, xanthine, and hypoxanthine. Among all pathways enriched by the upregulated differential metabolites, the largest number of pathways were enriched by four differential metabolites, adenosine, adenosine 5 & PRIME;-monophosphate, D-glucose 6-phosphate, and adenosine-monophosphate, and among all pathways enriched by the downregulated differential metabolites, the largest number of pathways were enriched by three differential metabolites, L-isoleucine, xanthine, and arachidonic acid. ConclusionUntargeted metabolomic analysis of saliva samples from pregnant women with GDM, HPW, and HNPW identified nine differential metabolites with high confidence. The results are similar to findings from previous metabolomics studies of serum and urine samples, which offer the possibility of using saliva for regular noninvasive testing in the population of pregnant women with and without GDM. Meanwhile, the associations between these identified differential metabolites and gingivitis need to be further validated by subsequent studies.
Cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis; This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to synthesize evidence on conventional cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors among women with previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM). The review protocol is registered with PROSPERO (CRD42019118149). PubMed, CINAHL, SCOPUS, and EMBASE databases were searched. Studies reporting on CVD risk factors in women with previous GDM compared to women without previous GDM were selected. A total of 139 studies were eligible, of which 93 were included in the meta-analysis. Women with previous GDM have significantly higher systolic blood pressure (2.47 mmHg 95% CI 1.74 to 3.40, n = 48, 50,118 participants) diastolic blood pressure (1.89 mmHg 95% CI 1.32 to 2.46, n = 48, 49,495 participants), BMI (1.54 kg/m(2) 95% CI 1.32 to 2.46, n = 78, 255,308 participants), total cholesterol (0.26 SMD 95% CI 0.15 to 0.37, n = 48, 38,561 participants), LDL cholesterol (0.19 SMD 95% CI 0.08 to 0.30, n = 44, 16,980 participants), triglycerides (0.56 SMD 95% CI 0.42 to 0.70, n = 46, 13,175 participants), glucose (0.69 SMD 95% CI 0.56 to 0.81, n = 55, 127,900 participants), insulin (0.41 SMD 95% CI 0.23 to 0.59, n = 32, 8881 participants) and significantly lower HDL cholesterol (-0.28 SMD 95% CI -0.39 to -0.16, n = 56, 35,882 participants), compared to women without previous GDM. The increased blood pressure, total cholesterol, triglycerides and glucose are seen as early as <1 year post-partum.Women with previous GDM have a higher risk of CVD based on significant increases in conventional risk factors. Some risk factors are seen as early as <1 year post-partum. Women with GDM may benefit from early screening to identify modifiable CVD risk factors.
Gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors in the offspring: Results from a cross-sectional study; Background While the association of gestational diabetes mellitus and abnormal glucose tolerance is beyond doubt, its associations with other cardiovascular disease risk factors in the offspring are less clearly established. Some of these associations, in particular overweight in the offspring, might be confounded by maternal overweight. Methods Data on 12 542 children in the age of 317 years with full information about gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal BMI were available from the German nationwide KiGGS study. We calculated linear and logistic regression models for measurements of body composition, blood pressure, HbA1c and cholesterol values in the offspring with gestational diabetes mellitus as the explanatory variable, with and without adjustment for maternal BMI. Results The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus in the dataset was 2.2%. Unadjusted regression analyses suggested weak positive effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on body composition measurements [e.g. a mean increase in BMI standard deviation scores (SDS) of 0.17 units (95% confidence interval: 0.03, 0.30)]. After adjustment for maternal BMI, the observed associations almost disappeared [e.g. BMI SDS: 0.07 (-0.06, 0.20)]. With respect to blood pressure and cholesterol, no potential effects of gestational diabetes mellitus were observed in both unadjusted and adjusted models. Conclusion Gestational diabetes mellitus does not appear to have a relevant effect on cardiovascular disease correlates such as blood pressure or cholesterol levels in children, and the potential effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on body composition seems to be widely explainable by maternal BMI.
Impaired vagal adaptation to an exercise task in women with gestational diabetes mellitus versus women with uncomplicated pregnancies; Purpose Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk for maternal and fetal complications. Patients with GDM have an increased cardiovascular risk in later life. The aim of this study was to investigate cardiac autonomic nervous system (ANS) function at rest and during exercise in women with GDM vs. women with uncomplicated pregnancies. Methods Thirty-six normotensive pregnant women (21 with GDM and 15 age- and parity-matched women with an uncomplicated pregnancy) were enrolled in this case-control study. Continuous beat-by-beat blood pressure (BP) measurements were recorded during rest, intermittent handgrip exercise, and recovery (via photoplethysmography, Finapres (R)). Heart rate variability (HRV) (Kubios (R)) was used for the assessment of autonomic nervous system function. Results The groups were similar in age, gestational week, and handgrip strength. At rest, no differences in HRV indices [root mean square of successive differences (RMSSD), standard deviation Poincare plot 1, and 2 (SD1, SD2), SD2/SD1 ratio] were detected between women with GDM and women with an uncomplicated pregnancy. However, during exercise, a different pattern in the HRV responses was detected: in the control group, RMSSD and SD1 (indices of parasympathetic function) significantly decreased (p < 0.001) during handgrip exercise and returned to baseline during recovery. In contrast, in GDM, the above HRV indices remained unaltered throughout the protocol. Conclusion Normotensive women with GDM present impaired parasympathetic system ability to adapt to an exercise stimulus, as suggested by the blunted sensitivity in RMSSD and SD1. This finding suggests early alterations in ANS may exist in women with GDM, even when no differences are detected in resting conditions.
Estimation of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus using Azure AI Services; Diabetes is a condition that slowly affects the natural defense mechanism and vital organs; it's a silent and slow killer. It is a condition when body fails to utilize the energy provided by food due to excessive blood sugar level. Diabetes is among the potentials reasons for kidney diseases, heart-stroke, blindness and lower limb amputation. WHO estimates that more than 500 million people are infected with diabetes worldwide, the disease is responsible for over more than 2.5 million causalities across the globe, the condition is more prevalent in medium and low income nations. Paper presents a procedural approach for Estimation of Gestational Diabetes using Microsoft Azure AI services. Microsoft Azure AI is a Machine Learning Studio, with all major functions and algorithm at the view of drag and drop. The classification model building the work, can predict the occurrence of Gestational diabetes based on factors at early stages of pregnancy. Pima Indian dataset from UCI has been utilized to build and cross validated the predictive model. The algorithm was examined on a dataset of 768 samples and it was able to achieve an accuracy of 77.8%.
Circulating levels of MCP-1 are increased in women with gestational diabetes; Objective We investigated whether gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with monocyte-chemoattractant-protein-1 (MCP-1) and soluble CD40 ligand (sCD40L), the functional relevant proteins in the inflammatory process. Methods In all 32 women with gestational diabetes mellitus, 18 women without gestational diabetes mellitus and 40 nonpregnant women were included. MCP-1 and sCD40L were measured at the time of the oral glucose tolerance test (second trimester), in the third trimester and postpartum. Results MCP-1 was higher in pregnant women (women with gestational diabetes mellitus and without) than in nonpregnant women (p < 0.001) in the third trimester, and also in the second trimester and postpartum. 7 MCP-1 was elevated in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus in the third trimester compared to healthy pregnant women (p = 0.007). In gestational diabetes mellitus, MCP-1 increased from the second to the third trimester (p = 0.003). We found no association of sCD40L and gestational diabetes mellitus. Conclusion The elevation of MCP-1 in the third trimester in gestational diabetes mellitus suggests an association between inflammation and GDM. Copyright (c) 2008 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Pregnancy dietary cholesterol intake, major dietary cholesterol sources, and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A prospective cohort study; Background & aims: The Scientific Report of 2015 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee recommended the elimination of dietary cholesterol limits. However, cholesterol intake increases during pregnancy and studies regarding the association between dietary cholesterol and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are limited. We evaluate the association of total dietary cholesterol and different sources of cholesterol intake during pregnancy, with GDM risk and blood glucose levels in a Chinese prospective cohort study. Methods: A total of 2124 pregnant women from the Tongji Maternal and Child Health Cohort was included. A validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire was used to assess dietary cholesterol intake prior to GDM diagnosis. GDM was diagnosed by the 75-g 2-h oral glucose tolerance test. Cubic-restricted spline function and logistic regression analyses were used to evaluate the association between dietary cholesterol intake during pregnancy and GDM. Generalized linear models were conducted to examine the associations of cholesterol intake with fasting blood glucose (FBG), 1-h post-load blood glucose (PBG) and 2-h PBG. Results: The average dietary cholesterol intake was 379.1 mg/d, and cholesterol from eggs explained 64.2% of the variability. Total dietary cholesterol intake and cholesterol from eggs rather than other foods, were linearly associated with GDM risk, with adjusted OR for GDM of 2.10 (95%CI: 1.24, 3.58) for total cholesterol intake and 1.83 (95%CI: 1.08, 3.07) for cholesterol from eggs comparing the highest versus lowest quintile. A 100-mg/d increase in total cholesterol and cholesterol from eggs intake were associated with an increased GDM risk by 18% and 16%, respectively. Moreover, higher maternal dietary total cholesterol could increase FBG and 1-h PBG, while cholesterol from eggs increased FBG only. Conclusion: Higher dietary cholesterol from eggs intake during pregnancy was associated with greater risk of GDM. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Correlation between atherogenic risk and adiponectin in gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction and objective. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pregnancy complication which increases the risk for maternal and foetal complications during pregnancy, and also significantly increases the cardiovascular risk for women's health in the postpartum. Current literature provides contradictory information on the role of adiponectin (AdipoQ) in the course of GDM. The aim of the study was to measure AdipoQ concentration in blood of women with GDM and to find correlations between this adipokine and clinical and biochemical parameters of the atherogenic risk. Material and methods. The GDM group included 50 women diagnosed with GDM between 24 28 weeks of gestation who underwent routine prenatal tests for GDM in compliance with the guidelines of the Polish Diabetes Association. All patients underwent clinical and laboratory evaluation at GDM diagnosis. Laboratory tests included serum AdipoQ concentration, fasting glucose and insulin, OGTT, lipid parameters, C-reactive protein and fibrinogen in serum. Results. The GDM group showed significantly elevated fasting glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR values, total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and triglicerydes as compared with the control group (p<0.05). The atherogenic index, CRP, fibrinogen in women with GDM were significantly higher than in the control group (p<0.05). AdipoQ concentrations did not differ significantly between the groups during gestation (p=0.7054). No correlations, except with the neonatal weight (r = -0.29, p<0.05), were found between AdipoQ and the studied parameters. Conclusions. Based on the conducted studies, it may be conclude that women with early diagnosed and promptly treated GDM have a normal adiponectin level, although insulin resistant changes and increased cardiovascular risk in basic metabolic parameters are observed. Moreover, adiponectin does not reflect the atherogenic risk in pregnant women with GDM.
Is FGF-23 an early indicator o atherosclerosis and cardiac dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes?; Objective: Fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF-23) is a phosphorus-regulating hormone and plays a role in the pathogenesis of myocardial hypertrophy.The aim of this study was to evaluate the association of FGF-23 levels with echocardiographic parameters and insulin resistance (IR) in patients with gestational diabetes. Subjects and methods: Fifty-four pregnant patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (age, 31.12 +/- 5.72 years) and 33 healthy pregnant women (age, 29.51 +/- 4.92 years) were involved in the study. Fasting insulin, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), lipid profile, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), FGF23, echocardiographic parameters, and carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT) were evaluated in the two groups. Results: The two groups were not significantly different in age, sex, body mass index, lipid profile, or blood pressure. Insulin, homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), FGF-23 levels, CIMT, left ventricular (LV) mass, LV mass index and myocardial performance index (MPI) were significantly higher in the GDM group. HOMA-IR was positively correlated with FGF-23, and insulin was positively correlated with FGF-23. Additionally, FGF-23 was positively correlated with CIMT, LV mass index, and MPI. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that monitoring serum FGF-23 may be useful as a non-invasive indicator of subclinical atherosclerosis in patients with GDM.
Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Markers of Cardiovascular Risk; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the developed world has increased at an alarming rate over the last few decades. GDM has been shown to be associated with postpartum diabetes, insulin resistance, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. A history of previous GDM (pGDM), associated or not with any of these metabolic abnormalities, can increase the risk of developing not only type 2 diabetes mellitus but also cardiovascular disease (CVD) independent of a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes later in life. In this paper we discuss the relationship among inflammatory markers, metabolic abnormalities, and vascular dysfunction in women with pGDM. We also review the current knowledge on metabolic modifications occurring in normal pregnancy and the link between alterations of a normal metabolic state with the long-term maternal complications that may result in increased CVD risk. Our review of studies on pGDM prompts us to recommend that these women be considered a population at risk for later CVD events, which however could be avoided via the use of specially designed follow-up programs in the future.
Maternal outcomes and follow-up after gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus reflects impaired maternal insulin secretion relative to demand prior to pregnancy, as well as temporary metabolic stressors imposed by the placenta and fetus. Thus, after delivery, women with gestational diabetes have increased risk of diabetes and recurrent gestational diabetes because of their underlying impairment, which may be further exacerbated by fat accretion during pregnancy and post-partum deterioration in lifestyle behaviours. This hypothetical model is discussed in greater detail, particularly the uncertainty regarding pregnancy as an accelerator of -cell decline and the role of gestational weight gain. This report also presents risk estimates for future glucose intolerance and diabetes and reviews modifiable risk factors, particularly body mass and lifestyle alterations, including weight loss and breastfeeding. Non-modifiable risk factors such as race/ethnicity and insulin use during pregnancy are also discussed. The review concludes with current literature on lifestyle modification, recommendations for post-partum glucose screening, and future directions for research to prevent maternal disease.
The usefulness of plasma asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) levels and tissue doppler echocardiography for heart function in term infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: The aim of this study was to examine whether asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) concentrations are associated with ventricular function in the infants of mothers with gestational diabetes. Method: Twenty-five term newborns of mothers with gestational diabetes and term newborns as the control group (n=25) with normal general health status were evaluated at two time points, on the 3rd postnatal day, at the 3th months. Echocardiographic evaluations of all participants were performed and ADMA level was measured. Results: In the first analysis, 10 patients (40%) had a septal thickness of 6mm or more, indicating septal hypertrophy. In the first and second analysis, interventricular septum end-diastolic thickness (IVSTd) and the left ventricular posterior wall end-diastolic thickness (LVPWTd) in the patient group were higher than the control group. ADMA level measurement was not significantly different between the groups the first and second analysis. There was no difference in ADMA levels of the group with septal thickness >= 6mm and the group with <6 mm. Conclusion: Newborn cardiac wall thickness was increased in pregnancies complicated by Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and the increase was independent of glycemic control. Diastolic newborn cardiac function was impaired in GDM, and this effect was independent of septal thickness. We found no association between ADMA levels and cardiac systolic, diastolic functions or septum thickness in the GDM newborn.
A Comprehensive Review of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Impacts on Maternal Health, Fetal Development, Childhood Outcomes, and Long- Term Treatment Strategies; This review article conducts a comprehensive analysis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and its ramifications for both maternal health and the well-being of their offspring. GDM is a significant pregnancy complication in which women who have never had diabetes acquire chronic hyperglycemia during their gestational period. In most cases, hyperglycemia is caused by impaired glucose tolerance caused by pancreatic beta cell dysfunction in the background of chronic insulin resistance. Being overweight or obese, having an older mother age, and having a family history of any type of diabetes are all risk factors for developing GDM. GDM consequences include a higher risk of maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes, as well as macrosomia and delivery difficulties in the newborn. There is also a longer-term risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the infant. Premature birth, hypoglycemia at birth, and shoulder dystocia are also a few of the fetal problems that can result from GDM. Unfortunately, there is no widely acknowledged treatment or preventative strategy for GDM at the moment, except lifestyle modification (diet and exercise) and, on occasion, insulin therapy, which is only of limited value due to the insulin resistance that is commonly present. Although new oral medications for diabetes management, such as glyburide and metformin, show potential, there are ongoing worries regarding their safety over an extended period for both the mother and the child. By identifying gaps in the research, it calls for further investigations and a multidisciplinary approach, ultimately aiming to enhance the management and care for women with GDM, which would impact these affected individuals indubitably.
The Risk for Glucose Intolerance after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus since the Introduction of the IADPSG Criteria: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; The aim of the study was to assess the postpartum risk for glucose intolerance since the introduction of the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups' (IADPSG) criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Studies published since 2010 were included, which evaluated the risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and cardiovascular (CV) events in women with previous GDM compared to normal glucose tolerant women. We included forty-three studies, evaluating 4,923,571 pregnant women of which 5.8% (284,312) had a history of GDM. Five studies used IADPSG criteria (n = 6174 women, 1314 with GDM). The overall pooled relative risk (RR) for postpartum T2DM was 7.42 (95% CI: 5.99-9.19) and the RR for postpartum T2DM with IADPSG criteria was 6.45 (95% CI: 4.74-8.77) compared to the RR of 9.08 (95% CI: 6.96-11.85; p = 0.17) for postpartum T2DM based on other diagnostic criteria. The RR for postpartum IGT was 2.45 (95% CI: 1.92-3.13), independent of the criteria used. None of the available studies with IADPSG criteria evaluated the risk for CV events. Women with a history of GDM based on the IADPSG criteria have a similarly increased risk for postpartum glucose intolerance compared to GDM based on other diagnostic criteria. More studies with GDM based on the IADPSG criteria are needed to increase the quality of evidence concerning the long-term metabolic risk.
An analysis of the interrelationship between maternal age, body mass index and racial origin in the development of gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective To examine the individual association between advancing maternal age, body mass index (BMI) and racial origin with the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and the interaction between these factors. Design Retrospective study. Setting Fifteen maternity units in northwest London between 1988 and 2000. Population The study included 1688 women who developed GDM and 172 632 who did not. All women were nulliparous. BMI was calculated at first antenatal visit and maternal age and racial origin (White European, Black African, Black Caribbean or South Asian) were self-reported. Methods Binary logistic regression analysis. Main outcome measures Development of GDM within each racial group. Results There was a strong positive association between advancing maternal age and increasing BMI, individually, and the development of GDM (P < 0.01 for both). Compared with White Europeans aged 20-24 years, the odds ratios for GDM development were significantly higher in women older than 30 years if they were White Europeans (P < 0.001), older than 25 years if they were Black Africans (P < 0.001) and older than 20 years if they were South Asians (P < 0.001). The odds ratios for GDM development were significantly higher in Black Africans and South Asians (P < 0.001 for both) irrespective of BMI, compared with White Europeans with normal BMI. Conclusion Maternal age and BMI interact with racial group in relation to the prevalence of GDM. Both factors are important in the development of GDM, particularly so in Black African and South Asian women.
High prevalence and significant ethnic differences in actionable HbA<sub>1C</sub> after gestational diabetes mellitus in women living in Norway; Background The type 2 diabetes risk after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is twice as high in South Asian compared to European women. Current guidelines differ regarding which test to use as a screening-tool post-GDM. We aimed to identify ethnic differences in the prevalence rates and early predictors for actionable HbA(1c) (defined as prediabetes and diabetes) short time after GDM. Methods This cross-sectional study, enrolling South Asian and Nordic women 1-3 years after a diagnosis of GDM, was undertaken at three hospitals in Norway. We performed a clinical and laboratory evaluation including an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Medical records were used to retrieve data during pregnancy. Prediabetes was classified with HbA(1c) alone or combined with OGTT glucose measurements according to the WHO, WHO-IEC, and ADA criteria (fasting plasma glucose (FPG) 6.1-6.9 mmol/L, FPG 6.1-6.9 mmol/L and/or HbA(1c) 42-47 mmol/mol (6.0-6.4%), and FPG 5.6-6.9 mmol/L and/or HbA(1c) 39-47 mmol/mol (5.7-6.4%)). Ethnic differences in prevalence and predictors of glucose deterioration were assed by chi(2) (Pearson) tests and logistic regression models. Results We included 163 South Asian and 108 Nordic women. Actionable HbA(1c) levels were highly prevalent and more so among South Asian than Nordic women (WHO-IEC-HbA(1c): 25.8% vs. 6.5% (p <= 0.001), ADA-HbA(1c): 58.3% vs. 22.2% (p <= 0.001)). Although adding OGTT-data gave higher combined prevalence rates of prediabetes and diabetes (WHO: 65.6% vs. 47.2% (p <= 0.05), WHO-IEC: 70.6% vs. 47.2% (p <= 0.001), ADA: 87.8% vs. 65.7% (p <= 0.001)), the excess risk in the South Asian women was best captured by the HbA(1c). Important predictors for glucose deterioration after GDM were: South Asian ethnicity, GDM before the index pregnancy, use of glucose-lowering drugs in pregnancy, higher age, and higher in-pregnancy fasting glucose levels. Conclusions In women with GDM 1-3 year previously, we found high prevalence and significant ethnic differences in actionable ADA-HbA(1c) levels, with South Asian ethnicity, GDM before the index pregnancy, and the use of glucose-lowering drugs in pregnancy as the most important risk factors. This study reinforces the importance of annual screening-preferably with HbA(1c) measurements-to facilitate early intervention after GDM.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and cardio-metabolic risk factors in women and children at 3 years postpartum; Introduction Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is thought to be associated with cardio-metabolic risk factor development in women and their children during the early postpartum period and early childhood. We hypothesized that these women and their children would exhibit increased abnormal cardio-metabolic risk factors three years after pregnancy. Methods Women from the Screening Tests to Predict Poor Outcomes of Pregnancy study were invited to attend a follow-up with the child from their index pregnancy at 3 years postpartum. Women and children were assessed for anthropometric measures and haemodynamic function. Fasting blood samples were obtained from women to assess lipid and glucose status. Results A total of 281 woman-child dyads participated in the 3-year follow-up, with 40 women developing GDM during their index pregnancy. Fasting serum insulin was higher in women with GDM in index pregnancy compared to those with an uncomplicated pregnancy. However, this association was mediated by early pregnancy BMI and socioeconomic index (SEI). The rate of metabolic syndrome was higher in the GDM group than the uncomplicated pregnancy group. Maternal GDM was associated with elevated maternal fasting serum triglycerides at 3 years after adjustment for early pregnancy BMI and SEI. Children exposed to GDM in utero had higher waist circumference compared to children born after an uncomplicated pregnancy, but this is mediated the above covariates. Conclusion Exposure to GDM is associated with elevated serum triglycerides in women at 3 years postpartum but other cardiometabolic outcomes in women and children appear to be mediated by early pregnancy BMI and SEI.
The association between prepregnancy dietary fatty acids and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A prospective cohort study; Background & aims: Epidemiologic studies have examined the association between dietary fatty acids and type 2 diabetes risk in general populations. Evidence regarding their associations with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk remains limited. This study aimed to evaluate prepregnancy fatty acids intake in relation to GDM risk. Methods: 3,725 pregnant women from the Xi'an Birth Cohort Study who were free of previous GDM or pre-existing chronic diseases were included. Dietary intake of total fat and individual fatty acids (including saturated fatty acids [SFA], monounsaturated fatty acids [MUFA], polyunsaturated fatty acids [PUFA], and trans fatty acids) during the year preceding pregnancy was assessed by a validated foodfrequency questionnaire before 16 weeks of gestation. GDM was confirmed based on the 75-g oral glucose tolerance test. Log-binomial or modified Poisson regression models were applied to estimate the relative risks (RRs) and 95 % confidence intervals (95%CIs) of GDM for fatty acids intake. Generalized linear regression was adopted for blood glucose levels with fatty acids intake. Results: 644 (17.3 %) incident GDM cases were confirmed in our study. Participants in the highest intake of total fat substituting for carbohydrates had a 33 % reduced risk of GDM than those in the lowest intake (RR:0.67; 95%CI:0.55,0.81). For individual fatty acids, only PUFA intake was associated with a lower risk of GDM, with RR comparing extreme tertiles of 0.61 (95%CI:0.49,0.76). Each 2 % increase in energy from total fat and PUFA replacing carbohydrates decreased the risk of GDM by 6 % (95%CI:3 %,9 %) and 15 % (95%CI:9 %,21 %), respectively. Similar inverse associations with intake of total fat and PUFA were observed for blood glucose levels. Further analyses of SFA substitution showed that replacement of 2 % energy from SFA with PUFA and MUFA was associated with 26 % (RR:0.74; 95%CI:0.62,0.88) and 30 % (RR:0.70; 95%CI:0.50, 0.98) decreased risk of GDM, respectively. Conclusions: Greater intake of total fat and PUFA before pregnancy was associated with lower risk of GDM when replacing carbohydrates. Substitution SFA with PUFA and MUFA was also inversely associated with GDM risk. These findings support the important role of optimal dietary fatty acids composition in the prevention of GDM. (c) 2024 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Serum lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein changes in gestational diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional and prospective study; Aims-To compare serum lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein concentrations during and six to 12 months after pregnancy in control and diabetic women. Methods-The serum lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein concentrations were measured in 20 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 22 women with normal. glucose tolerance (controls) during the third trimester of pregnancy and six to 12 months after delivery. Results-During pregnancy the women with GDM had higher serum triglyceride (mean (95% confidence interval (CI)), 2.91 (2.22-3.51) v 2.1 (1.75-2.52)) but lower low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentrations compared with controls (mean (SD), 3.08 (1.2) v 4.01 (1.1)). Total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and apolipoprotein concentrations were not significantly different between the two groups. After pregnancy, total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triglyceride, and apolipoprotein A1 and B decreased in a parallel manner, resulting in lower concentrations, comparable between the two groups. LDL cholesterol concentrations decreased after pregnancy in the controls (mean (SD), 4.01 (1.1) v 2.69 (0.6)) but not in those with GDM (3.08 (1.2) v 2.72 (0.7)). The change in lipid concentrations was not related to change in weight. Conclusion-Development of diabetes during pregnancy induces a state of dyslipidaemia characterised by elevated triglyceride concentrations, as seen in other insulin resistance states. However, GDM seems to blunt: the increase in cholesterol during pregnancy and requires further investigation. Whether the changes in lipoprotein metabolism in GDM are significant for the health status of the mother and the foetus requires further study.
Optimising Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Pregnancy: A Review of Risk Prediction Models Targeting Gestational Diabetes and Hypertensive Disorders; Cardiovascular disease, especially coronary heart disease and cerebrovascular disease, is a leading cause of mortality and morbidity in women globally. The development of cardiometabolic conditions in pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, portend an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease in women. Pregnancy therefore represents a unique opportunity to detect and manage risk factors, prior to the development of cardiovascular sequelae. Risk prediction models for gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy can help identify at-risk women in early pregnancy, allowing timely intervention to mitigate both short- and long-term adverse outcomes. In this narrative review, we outline the shared pathophysiological pathways for gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, summarise contemporary risk prediction models and candidate predictors for these conditions, and discuss the utility of these models in clinical application.
Acute responses to structured aerobic and resistance exercise in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Research on the acute responses to exercise in pregnancy is scarce, especially for women affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of this study was to investigate responses to a single bout of exercise performed multiple times throughout the pregnancy in women diagnosed with GDM. Data from 18 pregnant women (aged: 32.8 +/- 3.8) diagnosed with GDM, treated with diet only, were analyzed. Participants' pre-pregnancy body mass index was 24.4 +/- 4.9kg/m(2), 50% of them were nulliparous, and 50% of the sample regularly exercised before the pregnancy. The exercise intervention consisted of an individual structured aerobic and resistance exercise program performed twice per week from the time of diagnosis until at least the 36th week of pregnancy. The exercise program included 20minutes of aerobic exercise, 20-25minutes of resistance exercise, and 10minutes of cool down. Maternal heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, temperature and fetal heart rate were measured at every exercise session, along with blood glucose on 3 occasions. In total, 365 exercise sessions were analyzed (85 in the second trimester and 280 in the third trimester), on average 20.3 +/- 7.7 per participant. Heart rate and fetal heart rate were elevated during both the aerobic and resistance parts of the exercise session (P<.01) in comparison with the baseline while systolic and diastolic blood pressure did not change in the total sample. There was a slight elevation in tympanic membrane temperature during the aerobic part of the session (P<.01). All parameters returned to baseline levels by the end of the session. Glucose levels dropped from the baseline, from 4.7 +/- 0.6 to 3.9 +/- 0.4mmol/L (P<.01). There were no differences in responses to exercise between the second and third trimesters, nor between pre-pregnancy exercisers and non-exercisers. The combination of aerobic and resistance exercise for women diagnosed with GDM does not have harmful short-term effects if performed according to guidelines. Likewise, exercise can be considered useful for controlling hyperglycemia in pregnancy for women affected by GDM.
Postpartum care for Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus across urban, rural and remote locations: a protocol for a cohort linkage study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing, along with obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2DM), with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander (Aboriginala) women in Australia particularly affected. GDM causes serious complications in pregnancy, birth, and the longer term, for women and their infants. Women with GDM have an eightfold risk of developing T2DM after pregnancy, compared to women without GDM. Indigenous women have an even higher risk, at a younger age, and progress more quickly from GDM to T2DM, compared to non-Indigenous women. If left undetected and untreated, T2DM increases risks in subsequent pregnancies, and can lead to heart disease, stroke, kidney failure, limb amputations and blindness for the woman in the longer term. A GDM diagnosis offers a 'window of opportunity' to provide acceptable and effective prevention, treatment, and postpartum care. Low rates of postpartum T2DM screening are reported among non-Aboriginal women in Australia and Indigenous women in other countries, however, data for Aboriginal women in Australia are scarce. A healthy diet, exercise and breastfeeding can delay the onset of T2DM, and together with T2DM screening are recommended elements of postpartum care for women with GDM. This paper describes methods for a study evaluating postpartum care among Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal women with GDM. Methods/Design: This retrospective cohort includes all women who gave birth at Cairns Hospital in far north Queensland, Australia, from 2004 to 2010, coded as having GDM in the Cairns Hospital Clinical Coding system. Data is being linked with the Midwives Perinatal Data Collection, and the three local laboratories. Hospital medical records are being reviewed to validate accuracy of GDM case ascertainment, and gather information on breastfeeding and provision of dietary advice. Survival analysis is being used to estimate time to screening, and rates of progression from GDM to T2DM. Logistic regression is being used to compare postpartum care between Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal women, and assess factors that may be associated with provision of postpartum care. Discussion: There are challenges to collecting postpartum data for women with GDM, however, this research is urgently needed to ensure adequate postpartum care is provided for women with GDM.
<i>Big Babies</i>: An Exploration of Gestational Diabetes; Many disease states are altered by the physiological processes related to pregnancy. Among these changes is the bodies' inability to counterpoise glucose utilization and insulin production, thus 9.2% of pregnant women develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). For most women, these altered physiological processes return to normal following delivery. However, research indicates that 50% to 60% of women diagnosed with GDM are at greater risk of developing Type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome in later life. There is a correlation between maternal GDM and life long health complications in the child. Best practices remain controversial with new recommendations on the horizon.
A randomised placebo-controlled trial of the effectiveness of early metformin in addition to usual care in the reduction of gestational diabetes mellitus effects (EMERGE): study protocol; Background: Pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with an increased risk of adverse maternal and foetal outcomes. Current treatments for GDM involve initial medical nutritional therapy (MNT) and exercise and pharmacotherapy in those with persistent hyperglycaemia. Insulin is considered first-line pharmaco-therapy but is associated with hypoglycaemia, excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) and an increased caesarean delivery rate. Metformin is safe in selected groups of women with GDM but is not first-line therapy in many guidelines due to a lack of long-term data on efficacy. The EMERGE trial will evaluate the effectiveness of early initiation of metformin in GDM. Methods: EMERGE is a phase III, superiority, parallel, 1:1 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial comparing the effectiveness of metformin versus placebo initiated by 28 weeks (+6 days) plus usual care. Women aged 18-50 years will be recruited. Women with established diabetes, multiple pregnancies, known major congenital malformation or small for gestational age (<10th centile), intolerance or contraindication to the use of metformin, shock or sepsis, current gestational hypertension or pre-eclampsia, significant gastrointestinal problems, congestive heart failure, severe mental illness or galactose intolerance are excluded. Intervention: Immediate introduction of metformin or placebo in addition to MNT and usual care. Metformin is initiated at 500mg/day and titrated to a maximum dose of 2500mg over 10 days. Women are followed up at 4 and 12 weeks post-partum to assess maternal and neonatal outcomes. The composite primary outcome measure is initiation of insulin or fasting blood glucose >= 5.1 mmol/L at gestational weeks 32 or 38. The secondary outcomes are the time to insulin initiation and insulin dose required; maternal morbidity at delivery; mode and time of delivery; postpartum glucose status; insulin resistance; postpartum body mass index (BMI); gestational weight gain; infant birth weight; neonatal height and head circumference at delivery; neonatal morbidities (neonatal care unit admission, respiratory distress, jaundice, congenital anomalies, Apgar score); neonatal hypoglycaemia; cost-effectiveness; treatment acceptability and quality of life determined by the EQ5D-5L scale. Discussion: The EMERGE trial will determine the effectiveness and safety of early and routine use of metformin in GDM.
Maternal Hemodynamics at 11-13 Weeks' Gestation in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objective: Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of type 2 diabetes and subsequent cardiovascular mortality and morbidity. Individuals with cardiovascular disorders have increased central aortic systolic blood pressure (SBPAo) and arterial stiffness. The hypothesis of this study is that increased 5BP(Ao) and arterial stiffness are apparent before the development of GDM. Methods: In this screening study, SBPAo, pulse wave velocity (PWV) and augmentation index (Alx) were measured in women with singleton pregnancies attending for routine antenatal care at 11-13 weeks' gestation. We compared SBPA, PWV and Alx, expressed as multiples of the median (MoM), after adjustment for maternal characteristics affecting these measurements, in women who subsequently developed GDM (n = 105) with the values in non-GDM controls (n = 6,736). Results: In the GDM group, compared to non-GDM controls, there was an increase in PWV (1.04 MoM, interquartile range (IQR) 0.93-1.15 vs. 1.00 MoM, IQR 0.90-1.12; p = 0.0131 and SBPAo (1.03 MoM, IQR 0.98-1.14 vs. 1.00 MoM, IQR 0.94-1.08; p < 0.0001) but no significant difference in the Alx (1.02 MoM, IQR 0.89-1.22 vs. 1.00 MoM, IQR 0.87-1.17; p = 0.118). Conclusion: Women who develop GDM have increased SBPAo and arterial stiffness from the first trimester of pregnancy before the clinical onset of GDM. copyright (C) 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel
Maternal intake of fried foods and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus; Purpose: We examined the relationship of maternal periconceptional (i.e., before conception and early pregnancy) intake of fried foods with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk. Methods: In a prospective birth cohort in Seattle and Tacoma, Washington State, USA, we assessed maternal periconceptional fried food intake using a food frequency questionnaire among 3414 participants. We used multivariable generalized linear regression models to derive estimates of relative risks (RRs; and 95% confidence intervals, 95% CIs) of GDM in relation to the intake of different types of fried foods (i.e., fried fish, fried chicken, fried potatoes, chips, and donuts). Results: A total of 169 GDM incident cases were identified in this cohort (4.96%). Compared with no fried fish intake, fried fish intake > 1 servings/month was associated with 68% higher GDM risk (adjusted RR and 95% CI; 1.68 [1.16, 2.45]; P-trend = .019). After adjusting for confounders, the RRs (95% CI) of GDM relative to fried chicken intake were 1.0, 1.44 (0.98, 2.09), and 1.81 (1.22, 2.70) for none, <= 1 and > 1 servings/month intake of fried chicken, respectively (P-trend = .002). Dietary intake of fried potatoes, snack chips or donuts was not significantly associated with higher GDM risk. Limitations of our study include the lack of information about frying methods and the intake of fried foods at home and away from home. Conclusions: Regular intake of fried fish and fried chicken are associated with elevated GDM risk. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Prognostic indicators of persistent carotid intima-media thickness increase in postpartum period in a population of normotensive women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: The association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and common carotid artery (CCA)-intima media thickness (IMT) is still controversial. In the present study, we aimed to compare the CCA-IMT measured in GDM women to that obtained in healthy pregnant women in the third trimester of pregnancy. Secondly, we investigated the main independent predictors of persistent CCA-IMT increase (defined as CCA-IMT >= 0.6 mm) in postpartum period in GDM women. Study design: 30 consecutive GDM women and 30 healthy pregnant women matched for anagraphic age (34.1 +/- 4.5 vs 32.8 +/- 4.2 yrs, p = 0.25), ethnicity (caucasian 56.7 vs 63.3%, p = 0.59), gestational age (36.2 +/- 1.7 vs 36.5 +/- 1.6 weeks, p = 0.48) and cardiovascular risk factors were examined in this prospective case-control study. All women underwent obstetric visit, blood tests, conventional transthoracic echocardiography implemented with two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography analysis of left ventricular and left atrial myocardial strain parameters and carotid ultrasound examination at two time points: 36-38 weeks' gestation and 6-10 weeks after delivery. Results: At 36.2 +/- 1.7 weeks of gestation, CCA-IMT was significantly increased in GDM women than controls (0.81 +/- 0.11 vs 0.55 +/- 0.12, p < 0.001). Twelve GDM women (40% of the total) were found with persistent CCA-IMT increase (0.76 +/- 0.14 mm) in postpartum period (8.2 +/- 2.2 weeks), whereas the remaining 18 (60% of the total) showed a normalization in CCA-IMT (0.56 +/- 0.1 mm). At multivariate logistic regression analysis, third trimester body mass index (BMI) (OR 1.78, 95%CI 1.24-2.54, p = 0.01), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1C) (OR 1.51, 95%CI 1.13-1.89, p = 0.03) and neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) (OR 1.68, 95%CI 1.25-4.65, p = 0.02) resulted to be independently associated with persistent CCA-IMT increase in postpartum period in GDM women. A BMI >= 29.2 Kg/m(2), an HbA1C >= 37.5 mmol/mol and a NLR >= 5.5 were the best cut-off values for identifying GDM women with persistent CCA-IMT increase in postpartum period. Conclusions: GDM is associated with increased CCA-IMT during pregnancy. This increase may be persistent in postpartum period in GDM women with obesity, uncontrolled diabetes and increased inflammatory markers. (C) 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
FEATURES OF THE FUNCTIONAL STATE OF THE ENTEROPANCREATIC HORMONAL SYSTEM IN PREGNANT WOMEN WITH GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is growing rapidly, along with which the typical portrait of a pregnant woman with this disease is changing. Frequent detection of GDM in the early stages of pregnancy causes a high interest in the study of new mechanisms of its development. AIM: Evaluation of the state of the incretin response based on the analysis of the secretion of GLP-1, glucagon, insulin and c-peptide in pregnant women with different periods of GDM development. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A single-center prospective comparative uncontrolled study that included pregnant women with GSD, divided into 2 groups depending on the duration of the disease: group 1 - pregnant women who were diagnosed at <24 weeks of gestation (n=65), group 2 - at >= 24 weeks of gestation (n=26). All patients underwent a set of diagnostic measures, including a stress test with the determination of GLP-1, glucagon, insulin, c-peptide before and after a mixed breakfast, and an assessment of insulin resistance. Glucose monitoring was performed for pregnant women with GSD using the FreeStyle Libre Flash system (Abbott Diabetes Care Ltd., UK). RESULTS: The total number of subjects was 91. The average age was 32.05 +/- 5.6 (95% CI 30.9; 33.2) years. Pregnant women of both groups were comparable in age, body weight and glycemic level at the time of diagnosis. The basal blood insulin level in the general group was 7.2 [4.9; 12.1] mu me/ml, C-peptide - 1.5 [1.17; 2.24] ng/m, glucagon - 70.1 [56.2; 100] pg/ml, GLP-1 - 1.16 [0.94; 1.22] ng/ml. In 31% For women, the HOMA-IR index was >= 2.7. The basal level of glucagon was significantly higher in the group of early development of GSD: 70.9 [57.7; 109.2] pg/ml versus 61.7 [46.6; 87] pg/ml, p=0.04. In both groups of pregnant women, the decrease in glucagon secretion was not statistically significant, most had a paradoxical increase in glucagon secretion. When assessing the dynamics of GPP-1, a significant increase in the indicator was detected only in the 1st group:. GPP-1 0.15 [-0.07; 0.96], p < 0.01. In the second, the dynamics of the indicator was not statistically significant (p=0.211). Negative correlation of the increase in GLP-1 with MAGE (r=-0.34, p < 0.05), glycemic lability index LI (r=-0.4, p < 0.05) and J-index (r=0.44, p < 0.05) was revealed. CONCLUSION: The preservation of the physiological secretion of insulin and c-peptide in the form of a satisfactory increase in indicators after a food load was established. A violation of postprandial suppression of glucagon secretion was revealed. The increase in GPP-1 in response to food loading was disrupted in the case of the development of GSD during pregnancy >= 24 weeks.
Circulating adipokines and mRNA expression in adipose tissue and the placenta in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Maternal adipose tissue and the placenta secrete various molecules commonly called adipokines such as chemerin, omentin-1, visfatin, adiponectin, and leptin that are important players in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as a state of glucose intolerance characterized by beta-cell dysfunction and insulin resistance. To examine whether circulating adipokines and their mRNA expression in the adipose tissue and the placenta are altered in GDM pregnancy, we compared 15 GDM women [obese (BMI > 30) and non-obese (BMI < 30)] to 23 NGT (normal glucose tolerance) women [obese and non-obese], at the time of the Cesarean section. Circulating chemerin and leptin were higher (p = 0.009 and p = 0.005, respectively) and circulating omentin-1, visfatin, as well as the adiponectin/leptin ratio were lower (p = 0.039, p = 0.007 and p = 0.011, respectively) in GDM-obese compared to NGT-non-obese women. Chemerin and leptin correlated positively with BMI and HOMA-IR and omentin-1 correlated negatively with BMI. Serum TNF-alpha was significantly elevated in all obese compared to non-obese pregnant women and correlated positively with BMI. Adiponectin levels were reduced -although not significantly-in GDM- and NGT-obese women compared to their non-obese counterparts. Resistin, RPB4 and IL-6 levels did not differ significantly between groups. Chemerin mRNA expression in subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) was significantly higher compared to placenta in all women (6- to 24-times, p < 0.05). Chemerin-VAT mRNA expression in GDM-obese tended to be significantly higher compared to NGT-non-obese women (3-times, p = 0.005). Omentin-1 mRNA expression was significantly higher in VAT compared to SAT (50- to 100-times, p < 0.01) and its expression in placenta was negligible in all women. Although, leptin was expressed significantly higher in SAT compared to VAT and the placenta in all women (5- to 46-times, p < 0.05), only its mRNA expression in VAT of obese (GDM and NGT) differed significantly when compared to NGT-non-obese women (3-times higher, p < 0.02). Visfatin mRNA expression was comparable in all tissues. In conclusion, chemerin and leptin are elevated and omentin-1 and visfatin levels are decreased in GDM women complicated by obesity. This finding together with the positive association of chemerin and leptin with markers of insulin resistance, suggests that these adipokines and more especially chemerin and leptin accompanied by their adipose tissue expression could contribute to the increased insulin resistance and low grade inflammation that characterizes GDM-obese women.
Effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on pregnancy outcomes among younger and older women and its additive interaction with advanced maternal age; BackgroundThe prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and advanced maternal age (AMA, >= 35 years) has shown an increasing trend worldwide. This study aimed to evaluate the risk of pregnancy outcomes among younger (20-34 years) and older (>= 35 years) women with GDM and further analyze the epidemiologic interaction of GDM and AMA on these outcomes. MethodsThis historical cohort study included 105 683 singleton pregnant women aged 20 years or older between January 2012 and December 2015 in China. Stratified by maternal age, the associations between GDM and pregnancy outcomes were analyzed by performing logistic regression. Epidemiologic interactions were assessed by using relative excess risk due to interaction (RERI), attributable proportion due to interaction (AP), and synergy index (SI) with their 95% confidence intervals (95%CIs). ResultsAmong younger women, individuals with GDM had a higher risk of all maternal outcomes, preterm birth (relative risk [RR] 1.67, 95%CI 1.50-1.85), low birthweight (RR 1.24, 95%CI 1.09-1.41), large for gestational age (RR 1.51, 95%CI 1.40-1.63), macrosomia (RR 1.54, 95%CI 1.31-1.79), and fetal distress (RR 1.56, 95%CI 1.37-1.77) than those without GDM. Among older women, GDM increased the risk of gestational hypertension (RR 2.17, 95%CI 1.65-2.83), preeclampsia (RR 2.30, 95%CI 1.81-2.93), polyhydramnios (RR 3.46, 95%CI 2.01-5.96), cesarean delivery (RR 1.18, 95%CI 1.10-1.25), preterm birth (RR 1.35, 95%CI 1.14-1.60), large for gestational age (RR 1.40, 95%CI 1.23-1.60), macrosomia (RR 1.65, 95%CI 1.28-2.14) and fetal distress (RR 1.46, 95%CI 1.12-1.90). Additive interactions of GDM and AMA on polyhydramnios and preeclampsia were found, with RERI of 3.11 (95%CI 0.05-6.16) and 1.43 (95%CI 0.09-2.77), AP of 0.51 (95%CI 0.22-0.80) and 0.27 (95%CI 0.07-0.46), and SI of 2.59 (95%CI 1.17-5.77) and 1.49 (95%CI 1.07-2.07), respectively. ConclusionGDM is an independent risk factor for multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes, and may exert additive interactions with AMA on the risk of polyhydramnios and preeclampsia.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac morphology and function: cohort comparison of second- and third-trimester fetuses; Objectives To assess differences in cardiac morphology and function in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to controls, and to assess whether, in women with GDM, fetal cardiac changes are accentuated with advancing gestational age. Methods We studied 112 women with GDM and 224 women with uncomplicated pregnancy at 24- 40 weeks' gestation. In all fetuses, a standard four-chamber oblique view was obtained and offline speckle-tracking analysis was performed to measure right and left endocardial global longitudinal strain (GLS) and tricuspid and mitral annular plane systolic excursion. Global sphericity index was also calculated. Echocardiographic parameters were compared between GDM fetuses and controls at two gestational time periods of 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks and 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks. Results At 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks, we phenotyped 43 fetuses from mothers with GDM and 71 from uncomplicated pregnancies, and, at 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks, we phenotyped 69 fetuses from mothers with GDM and 153 from women with uncomplicated pregnancy. In fetuses of mothers with GDM, compared to controls, right ventricular functional indices were consistently lower both at 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks and at 32 + 1 to 40 + 1weeks. Right ventricular GLS was reduced in the GDM group at 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks (adjusted mean difference, 0.7%; 95% CI, 0.3-1.1%) and at 32+ 1 to 40+ 1weeks (adjusted mean difference, 0.9%; 95% CI, 0.6- 1.1%). Fetal left ventricular global longitudinal function was similar in GDM pregnancies compared with controls, with the exception of the contractility of the left ventricular basal segment, which was reduced. Global sphericity index was reduced in GDM pregnancies only at 32+ 1 to 40+ 1weeks (adjusted mean difference, -0.4; 95% CI, -0.7 to 0.1). Conclusions The offspring of women with GDM are at high risk for development of cardiovascular disease in childhood and early adulthood. Our study demonstrates that GDM is associated with a reduction mainly in fetal right ventricular function, compared to controls, and this response is not exaggerated with increasing gestational age. Further studies are needed to determine whether fetuses with the observed alterations in cardiac function are those at highest risk for subsequent development of cardiovascular disease. (C) 2020 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-Innovative Approach to Prediction, Diagnosis, Management, and Prevention of Future NCD-Mother and Offspring; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the commonest medical complication of pregnancy. The association of GDM with immediate pregnancy complications including excess fetal growth and adiposity with subsequent risk of birth trauma and with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy is well recognized. However, the associations with wide ranges of longer-term health outcomes for mother and baby, including the lifetime risks of obesity, pre-diabetes, and diabetes and cardiovascular disease have received less attention and few health systems address these important issues in a systematic way. This article reviews historical and recent data regarding prediction of GDM using demographic, clinical, and biochemical parameters. We evaluate current and potential future diagnostic approaches designed to most effectively identify GDM and extend this analysis into a critical evaluation of lifestyle and nutritional/pharmacologic interventions designed to prevent the development of GDM. The general approach to management of GDM during pregnancy is then discussed and the major final focus of the article revolves around the importance of a GDM diagnosis as a future marker of the risk of non-communicable disease (NCD), in particular pre-diabetes, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease, both in mother and offspring.
Insulin Resistance: The Possible Link Between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy; Gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and diabetes are all associated with increased risks of poor maternal and perinatal outcomes. Pregnant women with gestational diabetes have been shown in population studies to have increased risk of pregnancy-associated hypertension compared with nondiabetic women. Moreover, pregnant patients with hypertension are at increased risk for developing gestational diabetes mellitus. It has been hypothesized that this association could be due, at least in part, to insulin resistance. Although insulin resistance is a physiologic phenomenon in normal pregnancy, in predisposed individuals this could lead to hyperinsulinemia with the development of gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, or both.
BLOOD PRESSURE DIURNAL RHYTHM IS RELATED WITH HEMATOLOGICAL INDICES IN GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS PATIENTS; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is related with cardiovascular risk factors. Non-dipping blood pressure pattern and high mean platelet volume, which is an indicator of increased platelet activation, are associated with cardiovascular morbidity and inortality. The aim of our study is to determine circadian variation of blood pressure and to study the impact of hematological indices on blood pressure dipping and non-dipping patterns in patient with GDM. Material and methods: A total of 42 patients who were diagnosed with GDM and 33 patients with healthy pregnancies were included into the study. Patients' blood pressures were monitored and were grouped due to their blood pressure circadian pattern. If the blood pressure while sleeping decreased more than 10% from the blood pressure while awake, the patient was classified as a "dipper". If the decrease was less than 10%. the patient was classified as a "non-dipper". Biochemical and hematological parameters were measured and clinical features were recorded for all study groups. Results: Ambulatory blood pressures monitoring of two groups revealed that average systolic and diastolic blood pressures as well as the day-phase diastolic and night-phase systolic and diastolic blood pressures of GDM patients were significantly increased than those of the control group. Besides, control patients had a more significant decrease in night-phase systolic and diastolic blood pressures than GDM patients (p<0.001). There was no significant difference between hematological indices and dipping status, except for mean platelet volume (MPV). MPV in non-dippers was significantly higher than dippers one (p<0.001). Step-wise multivariate linear regression demonstrated that MPV and GDM can be used as independent predictors of non-dipping status. Conclusion: According to our results the circadian variation of blood pressure is impaired and MPV is increased in GDM patients. Increasing in MPV is associated with non-dipping status of blood pressure. It is possible that non-dipping status and increased MPV levels may be additional risk factors for increased cardiovascular disease events in gestational diabetes patients.
Progression to impaired glucose regulation, diabetes and metabolic syndrome in Chinese women with a past history of gestational diabetes; Background To examine the risk of developing impaired glucose regulation (IGR), diabetes mellitus (DM) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in Chinese women with history of gestational diabetes. Methods 203 Chinese women enrolled in a previous study were followed up at a median of 8 (range 7-10) years of whom 136 had normal glucose tolerance (NGT) and 68 had gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT). Results In women with a history of gestational diabetes (n = 4), GIGT (n = 63) and NGT (n = 136) 2 (50%) 19 (30.2%) and 21 (15.4%) developed IGR while 2 (50%), 4 (6.3%), 3 (2.2%) developed DM respectively. Most women developed IGR (86%, n = 36) or DM (78%, n = 7) were undiagnosed. MetS occurred in 16 (7.9%) women with similar rates between those with and those without a history of gestational diabetes (7.5% vs 8.1%; p = 0.85). History of gestational diabetes [OR: 3.8 (95% CI 1.9-7.8)] and body mass index (BMI) >= 23 kg/m(2) [OR: 3.4 (95% CI 1.7-6.8)] at first antenatal visit were predictors for IGR or DM. Family history of DM [OR: 5.0 (95% Cl 1.5-16.4)] and BMI >= 23 kg/m(2) [OR: 28.3 (95% Cl 3.6-223)] at first antenatal visit were predictors for MetS. Conclusions Chinese women with a history of gestational diabetes have a high risk of IGR or DM. Overweight at the first antenatal visit is a common risk factor for IGR, DM and MetS. A prior history of gestational diabetes was predictive of IGR and DM while a positive family history of DM was predictive of MetS. Copyright (C) 2007 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Decreased Paraoxonase and Arylesterase Activities in the Pathogenesis of Future Atherosclerotic Heart Disease in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate serum paraoxonase, arlyesterase activities, and lipid hydroperoxide (LOOH) levels in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Paraoxonase and arylesterase activities, and LOOH levels were assessed for GDM cases (n = 55) and controls (n = 59). Serum basal and salt-stimulated paraoxonase and arylesterase activities were measured spectrophotometrically. LOOH levels were measured by ferrous oxidation with a xylenol orange assay. Results: Basal and salt-stimulated paraoxonase and arylesterase activities were significantly lower (p = 0.002, p = 0.004; and p = 0.013, respectively) in patients with GDM compared to controls, while LOOH levels were significantly higher (p < 0.001). Among gestational diabetes patients, serum paraoxonase and arylesterase activities were inversely correlated with LOOH levels (r = -0.390, p = 0.003; and r = -0.287, p = 0.034, respectively). Conclusions: Findings of the present study have shown that serum paraoxonase and arylesterase activities are significantly reduced in women with GDM. Decreased serum paraoxonase and arylesterase activities might play a role in the potential early pathogenesis for atherosclerotic heart disease in GDM beyond their antioxidant properties.
Self-Reported Eating Speed and Incidence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: the Japan Environment and Children's Study; There is little evidence linking eating speed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) incidence. We therefore aimed to evaluate the prospective association of eating speed with GDM incidence. Overall, 97,454 pregnant women were recruited between January 2011 and March 2014. Singleton pregnant women who did not have GDM, heart disease, stroke, cancer, type 1 diabetes, and/or type 2 diabetes at the time of study enrollment were eligible. Each woman was asked about her eating speed at that time via a questionnaire. Odds ratios of GDM in relation to eating speed were obtained using logistic regression. Among the 84,811 women eligible for analysis, 1902 cases of GDM were identified in medical records. Compared with women who reported slow eating speed, the age-adjusted odds ratios (95% confidence interval) of GDM for women who reported medium, relatively fast, or very fast eating speed were 1.03 (0.90, 1.18), 1.07 (0.94, 1.23), and 1.28 (1.05, 1.58), respectively. Adjustment for demographic, lifestyle-related, and dietary factors including dietary fat, dietary fiber, and energy intakes yielded similar results. The association was attenuated and no longer significant after further adjustment for pre-pregnancy body mass index. The mediation analysis showed that being overweight accounted for 64% of the excess risk of GDM associated with eating speed. In conclusion, women who reported very fast eating speed, compared with those reporting slow eating speed, were associated with an increased incidence of GDM, which may be largely mediated by increased body fat.
Long-Term Maternal Metabolic and Cardiovascular Phenotypes after a Pregnancy Complicated by Mild Gestational Diabetes Mellitus or Obesity; Objective The aim of this study was to evaluate the association of mild gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obesity with metabolic and cardiovascular markers 5 to 10 years after pregnancy.Study Design This was a secondary analysis of 5- to 10-year follow-up study of a mild GDM treatment trial and concurrent observational cohort of participants ineligible for the trial with abnormal 1-hour glucose challenge test only. Participants with 2-hour glucose tolerance test at follow-up were included. The primary exposures were mild GDM and obesity. The outcomes were insulinogenic index (IGI), 1/homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and cardiovascular markers vascular endothelial growth factor, (VEGF), vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM-1), cluster of differentiation 40 ligand (CD40L), growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15), and suppression of tumorgenesis 2 (ST-2). Multivariable linear regression estimated the association of GDM and obesity with biomarkers.Results Of 951 participants in the parent study, 642 (68%) were included. Lower 1/HOMA-IR were observed in treated and untreated GDM groups, compared with non-GDM (mean differences, -0.24 and -0.15; 95% confidence intervals [CIs], -0.36 to -0.12 and -0.28 to -0.03, respectively). Lower VCAM-1 (angiogenesis) was observed in treated GDM group (mean difference, -0.11; 95% CI, -0.19 to -0.03). GDM was not associated with IGI or other biomarkers. Obesity was associated with lower 1/HOMA-IR (mean difference, -0.42; 95% CI, -0.52 to -0.32), but not other biomarkers.Conclusion Prior GDM and obesity are associated with more insulin resistance but not insulin secretion or consistent cardiovascular dysfunction 5 to 10 years after delivery.
Preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and later risk of cardiovascular disease: Women's experiences and motivation for lifestyle changes explored in focus group interviews; Background Preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are both associated with increased risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Knowledge of the relationship between these pregnancy complications and increased CVD risk enables early prevention through lifestyle changes. This study aimed to explore women's experiences with PE and/or GDM, and their motivation and need for information and support to achieve lifestyle changes. Methods Systematic text condensation was used for thematic analysis of meaning and content of data from five focus group interviews with 17 women with PE and/or GDM, with a live birth between January 2015 and October 2017. Results This study provides new knowledge of how women with GDM and/or PE experience pregnancy complications in a Nordic healthcare model. It reveals the support they want and the important motivating factors for lifestyle change. We identified six themes: Trivialization of the diagnosis during pregnancy; Left to themselves to look after their own health; The need to process the shock before making lifestyle changes (severe PE); A desire for information about future disease risk and partner involvement; Practical solutions in a busy life with a little one, and; Healthcare professionals can reinforce the turning point. The women with GDM wanted healthcare professionals to motivate them to continue the lifestyle changes introduced during pregnancy. Those with severe PE felt a need for individualized care to ensure that they had processed their traumatic labor experiences before making lifestyle changes. Participants wanted their partner to be routinely involved to ensure a joint understanding of the need for lifestyle changes. Motivation for lifestyle changes in pregnancy was linked to early information and seeing concrete results. Conclusions Women with PE and GDM have different experiences of diagnosis and treatment, which will affect the follow-up interventions to reduce future CVD risk through lifestyle change. For GDM patients, lifestyle changes in pregnancy should be reinforced and continued postpartum. Women with PE should be informed by their general practitioner after birth, and given a plan for lifestyle change. Those with severe PE will need help in processing the trauma, and stress management should be routinely offered.
Impact of prior gestational diabetes on long-term type 2 diabetes complications; Aims: While women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and at a younger age, it is unknown whether T2DM following GDM is associated with worse clinical outcomes. This study aims to examine the impact of GDM on subsequent development of long-term complications of T2DM. Methods: All women with T2DM from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES), a na-tionally representative cross-sectional survey of US population, between 2007 and 2018 (n = 2494) were stratified into two groups: those with a history of GDM (n = 385) and those without (n = 2109). Rates of macrovascular and microvascular complications of T2DM were compared between the two groups using bivariate and multivariate analyses. Results: Of 2494 participants with T2DM included in the analysis, 385 (15.4 %) had a history of GDM and 2109 (84.6 %) did not. A history of GDM was independently associated with increased risk of myocardial infarction (aOR 2.53, 95%Cl: 1.18-5.40) and likely coronary artery disease (aOR 2.15, 95 % Cl: 1.00-4.66). Conclusions: In this cohort, women with T2DM and a history of GDM had higher risk of macrovascular com-plications of myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease, compared to those with no history of gestational diabetes.
Outdoor Air Pollution and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: During the past 20 years, the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has increased by similar to 10%-100% in several race/ethnicity groups. There is an association between ambient air pollution (AAP) and GDM. This study aimed to summarize the evidence about the association between AAP and GDM. Methods: PubMed, Embase, Scopus, Web of Science and Cochrane Library were searched from inception till Oct 2017. Studies about the association between ambient air pollutants levels and GDM were included. Pooled effect estimates and their 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated using R. Results: Eight studies met the inclusion criteria. The odds of developing GDM upon exposure to CO (per 1 ppm), NO (per 1 ppb), NO2 (per 10 mu g/m3), NOx (per 1 ppb), O3 (per 10 ppb), SO2 (per 10 ppb), PM10 (per 10 mu g/m3) and PM2.5 (per 10 mu g/m3) were 1.47 (95% CI 0.88-2.06), 1.04 (95% CI 1.03-1.06), 1 (95% CI 0.93-1.08), 1.02 (95% CI 1-1.04), 1.05 (95% CI 0.94-1.16), 1.39 (95% CI 1.04-1.73), 0.97 (95% CI 0.94-0.99) and 1.12 (95% CI 0.93-1.31), respectively. Conclusion: The current literature showed evidence for an association between AAP and GDM. However, further well-designed studies are needed.
A prospective study of dietary patterns, meat intake and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims/hypothesis The aim of this study was to prospectively examine whether dietary patterns are related to risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods This prospective cohort study included 13,110 women who were free of cardiovascular disease, cancer, type 2 diabetes and history of GDM. Subjects completed a validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire in 1991, and reported at least one singleton pregnancy between 1992 and 1998 in the Nurses' Health Study II. Two major dietary patterns (i.e. 'prudent' and 'Western') were identified through factor analysis. The prudent pattern was characterised by a high intake of fruit, green leafy vegetables, poultry and fish, whereas the Western pattern was characterised by high intake of red meat, processed meat, refined grain products, sweets, French fries and pizza. Results We documented 758 incident cases of GDM. After adjustment for age, parity, pre-pregnancy BMI and other covariates, the relative risk (RR) of GDM, comparing the highest with the lowest quintile of the Western pattern scores, was 1.63 (95% CI 1.20-2.21; p(trend)=0.001), whereas the RR comparing the lowest with the highest quintile of the prudent pattern scores was 1.39 (95% CI 1.08-1.80; p(trend)=0.018). The RR for each increment of one serving/day was 1.61 (95% CI 1.25-2.07) for red meat and 1.64 (95% CI 1.13-2.38) for processed meat. Conclusions/interpretation These findings suggest that pre-pregnancy dietary patterns may affect women's risk of developing GDM. A diet high in red and processed meat was associated with a significantly elevated risk.
Effect of prior gestational diabetes on the risk of cardiovascular disease and death in women with type 2 diabetes: The Fremantle Diabetes Study Phase II; Background: To examine whether prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with prevalent coronary heart disease (CHD), cerebrovascular disease (CeVD) and peripheral arterial disease (PAD), and all-cause mortality, in community-based women with type 2 diabetes. Methods: Baseline prevalences of CHD/CeVD/PAD/prior GDM were determined in 718 females (mean +/- SD age 65.5 +/- 11.9 years) from the Fremantle Diabetes Study Phase II. Deaths between baseline (2008-2011) and end2016 were ascertained. Cox regression identified predictors of mortality with GDM as a candidate variable. Results: Compared to the 673 women without GDM, the 39 (5.4 %) with prior GDM were younger, more likely Aboriginal, smokers and obese, had longer diabetes duration and higher HbA1clevels, and were more dyslipidemic (P <= 0.046). Prevalences of CHD (24.6 versus 23.1 %), CeVD (7.5% versus 2.6%) and PAD (27.5% versus 23.7 %) were not significantly different in those without versus with prior GDM (P >= 0.35). There were 116 deaths (16.2 %) during 6.8 +/- 1.6 years of follow-up. Age, Aboriginal ethnicity, marital status, current smoking, heart rate, estimated glomerular filtration rate, CHD and PAD were independently associated with all-cause mortality (P <= 0.023); GDM status did not add to the most parsimonious model (P = 0.62). Conclusions: Prior GDM does not increase CVD risk or all-cause mortality in women with type 2 diabetes.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Its Implications across the Life Span; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has historically been perceived as a medical complication of pregnancy that also serves as a harbinger of maternal risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in the future. In recent decades, a growing body of evi-dence has detailed additional lifelong implications that extend beyond T2DM, including an elevated risk of ultimately developing cardiovascular disease. Furthermore, the risk factors that mediate this lifetime cardiovascular risk are evident not only after delivery but are present even before the pregnancy in which GDM is first diagnosed. The concept thus emerging from these data is that the diagnosis of GDM enables the identification of women who are already on an enhanced track of cardiometabolic risk that starts early in life. Studies of the offspring of pregnancies complicated by diabetes now suggest that the earliest underpinnings of this car-diometabolic risk profile may be determined in utero and may first manifest clinically in childhood. Accordingly, from this per-spective, GDM is now seen as a chronic metabolic disorder that holds implications across the life span of both mother and child.
Gender-differences in antithrombotic therapy across the spectrum of ischemic heart disease: Time to tackle the Yentl syndrome?; The incidence and clinical presentation of ischemic heart disease (IHD), as well as thrombotic and bleeding risks, appear to differ between genders. Compared with men, women feature an increased thrombotic risk, probably related to an increased platelet reactivity, higher level of coagulation factors, and sex-associated unique cardiovascular risk factors, such as pregnancy-related (i.e., pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes), gynecological disorders (i.e., polycystic ovary syndrome, early menopause) and autoimmune or systemic inflammatory diseases. At the same time, women are also at increased risk of bleeding, due to inappropriate dosing of antithrombotic agents, smaller blood vessels, lower body weight and comorbidities, such as diabetes and chronic kidney disease. Pharmacological strategies focused on the personalization of antithrombotic treatment may, therefore, be particularly appealing in women in light of their higher bleeding and ischemic risks. Paradoxically, although women represent a large proportion of cardiovascular patients in our practice, adequate high-quality clinical trial data on women remain scarce and inadequate to guide decision-making processes. As a result, IHD in women tends to be understudied, underdiagnosed and undertreated, a phenomenon known as a "Yentl syndrome." It is, therefore, compelling for the scientific community to embark on dedicated clinical trials to address underrepresentation of women and to acquire evidence-based knowledge in the personalization of antithrombotic therapy in women.
Gender bias in cardiovascular disease prevention, detection, and management, with specific reference to coronary artery disease; Even though cardiovascular disease (CVD) kills more women than men each year and remains a leading cause of death in women, it is a common misconception that women are less likely to develop CVD. Considerable sex difference exists between men and women with regard to prevention, investigations, and management of CVD. Coronary artery disease (CAD) is a major contributor to CVD morbidity and mortality and hence is specifically addressed in this article. With an explosive increase in the incidence of conventional risk factors for coronary artery disease in India, there has been an alarming increase in women's coronary events as much as men. A false sense of gender-based protection by estrogen leads to less aggressive and late prevention or management strategies that contribute to women's CAD. Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is an important contributor to future development of CAD and is also an indicator for earlier interventions for prevention. Due to physical inactivity and central obesity, MetS is more prevalent in women, especially postmenopausal. With estrogen loss, menopause marks a critical cardiovascular biological transition, with a significantly increased CVD risk in women aged >55 years. Certain female-specific risk factors, such as history of polycystic ovarian syndrome, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and gestational diabetes, also seem to play an essential role in the development of CVD in later life. Certain vascular and biological factors, such as smaller coronary vessel size, higher prevalence of small vessel disease, and lesser development of collateral flow, also play an important role. This review article is an attempt to provide important information on gender differences in CVD with specific emphasis on CAD.
Heart Failure Prevention: Special Considerations for Women; Heart failure (HF) is a growing epidemic in the USA, and the American Heart Association estimates there are 550,000 new cases of HF in men and women annually. Despite advances in evidence-based cardiovascular care including improved awareness of women's cardiovascular disease, important gender discrepancies persist in the diagnosis and management of HF. Coronary heart disease (CHD) is a leading cause of HF in the USA, and despite advancing therapies for acute coronary syndromes, young women (age<55) are the only population with increasing mortality from CHD. Women stand to greatly benefit from improved efforts targeting HF prevention; therefore, the purposes of this paper are to review the current literature pertaining to HF prevention in women and to identify areas where opportunities exist for improving cardiovascular care for women as well as topics that warrant further investigation.
Maternal Cardiac Changes in Women With Obesity and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; OBJECTIVE We investigated if women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the third trimester of pregnancy exhibit adverse cardiac alterations in myocardial energetics, function, or tissue characteristics. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS Thirty-eight healthy, pregnant women and 30 women with GDM were recruited. Participants underwent phosphorus MRS and cardiovascular magnetic resonance for assessment of myocardial energetics (phosphocreatine [PCr] to ATP ratio), tissue characteristics, biventricular volumes and ejection fractions, left ventricular (LV) mass, global longitudinal shortening (GLS), and mitral in-flow E-wave to A-wave ratio. RESULTS Participants were matched for age, gestational age, and ethnicity. The following data are reported as mean SD. The women with GDM had higher BMI (27 +/- 4 vs. 33 +/- 5 kg/m(2); P = 0.0001) and systolic (115 +/- 11 vs. 121 +/- 13 mmHg; P = 0.04) and diastolic (72 +/- 7 vs. 76 +/- 9 mmHg; P = 0.04) blood pressures. There was no difference in N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide concentrations between the groups. The women with GDM had lower myocardial PCr to ATP ratio (2.2 +/- 0.3 vs. 1.9 +/- 0.4; P < 0.0001), accompanied by lower LV end-diastolic volumes (76 +/- 12 vs. 67 +/- 11 mL/m(2); P = 0.002) and higher LV mass (90 +/- 13 vs. 103 +/- 18 g; P = 0.001). Although ventricular ejection fractions were similar, the GLS was reduced in women with GDM (-20% +/- 3% vs. -18% +/- 3%; P = 0.008). CONCLUSIONS Despite no prior diagnosis of diabetes, women with obesity and GDM manifest impaired myocardial contractility and higher LV mass, associated with reductions in myocardial energetics in late pregnancy compared with lean women with healthy pregnancy. These findings may aid our understanding of the long-term cardiovascular risks associated with GDM.
Epicardial adipose tissue thickness as a potential predictor of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study; BackgroundGestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disorder that can occur during pregnancy and is associated with a long-term risk of both maternal and neonatal comorbidities. This study aimed to investigate the association between echocardiographic epicardial adipose tissue (EAT) and the risk for GDM during the early second trimester of pregnancy.MethodWe recruited all singleton pregnancies between January 2014 and December 2018 at 16weeks +0days to 19weeks +6days. We then used generalized linear models to calculate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for EAT as a potential predictor for GDM. Receiver-operating-characteristic (ROC) analysis was then conducted to investigate the discriminative capacity of any individual maternal factor for the prediction of GDM.ResultsIn total, our study involved 314 pregnant women with GDM and 1832 pregnant women without GDM. Multivariate regression analysis revealed that EAT thickness (OR=2.87; 95% CI: 2.49-3.31) was significantly associated with the presence of GDM (P< 0.001). Furthermore, EAT thickness was also significantly associated with a range of adverse outcomes in the GDM group, including large size for gestational age, neonatal hypoglycemia, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, preterm delivery, and hyperbilirubinemia (P< 0.001). ROC analysis revealed that the area under the curve was 0.790 (95% CI: 0.768-0.812). When the cutoff value for EAT thickness was set to 5.49mm, the sensitivity was 95.2% and the specificity was 50.5%.ConclusionsEchocardiographic EAT thickness is positively and significantly associated with both the risk of GDM and adverse outcomes related to GDM. Echocardiographic EAT has the potential to predict GDM prior to actual clinical diagnosis.
Optimal maternal neck and waist circumference cutoff values for prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus at the first trimester in Turkish population; a prospective cohort study; Aims: To investigate if the maternal neck (NC) and waist (WC) circumferences measured in the first trimester of pregnancy have a predictive value in diagnosing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Materials and methods: In this prospective study NC and WC of pregnant women were measured at 11-14th weeks. GDM was evaluated with a two-step oral glucose tolerance test at 24-28th weeks. Result: A total of 525 women were recruited; 49(9%) developed GDM. NC was positively correlated with WC (r: 0.583, p < .001), BMI (r: 0.533, p < .001), age (r: 0.123, p = .002), parity (r: 0.170, p < .001), and 50 g OGTT levels (r: 0.206, p < .001). Regarding the area under receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve (AUC) analysis of NC and WC for predicting GDM were 0.585 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.50-0.66, p = .043), and 0.693 (95%CI: 0.61-0.76, p < .001). The optimal cut off level of maternal NC was >38.5 cm, with 69% sensitivity and 45% specificity, and WC was >84.50 cm with a sensitivity of 78% and a specificity of 54%. Increased WC >84.50 cm (OR: 3.58, 95% CI:1.77-7.27; p < .001) and age >25 (OR: 3.05, 95% CI:1.38-6.72; p = .006) were independent predictors for the development of GDM adjusted for age, gravidity, parity, BMI, and NC. Conclusion: Maternal NC and WC were significantly higher in women with GDM; however, only maternal WC was a significant predictive marker for GDM in low-risk pregnant women.
Vascular phenotype at 35-37 weeks' gestation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; ObjectivesTo examine the vascular phenotype at 35-37 weeks' gestation of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and compare it to that in women without GDM, using ophthalmic artery Doppler and carotid-femoral pulse-wave velocity. MethodsThis was a prospective observational study of women attending for a routine hospital visit at 35 + 0 to 37 + 6 weeks' gestation. This visit included recording of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history, ophthalmic artery Doppler for calculation of the peak systolic velocity (PSV) ratio and assessment of cardiac output, stroke volume, total peripheral resistance, central systolic and diastolic blood pressure, carotid-femoral pulse-wave velocity and augmentation index. All measurements were standardized to remove the effects of maternal characteristics and elements from the medical history, and the adjusted values in the GDM group were compared with those in the non-GDM group. ResultsThe study population of 2018 pregnancies contained 218 (10.8%) that developed GDM, including 78 (35.8%) that were treated with diet alone, 81 (37.2%) treated with metformin and 59 (27.1%) treated with insulin with or without metformin. In the GDM group, compared with the non-GDM group, there were significantly higher ophthalmic artery PSV ratio, carotid-femoral pulse-wave velocity and central systolic blood pressure, but there was no significant difference in cardiac output, stroke volume, total peripheral resistance, central diastolic blood pressure or augmentation index. In the GDM group, women treated with metformin or insulin had a higher ophthalmic artery PSV ratio compared with those treated with diet alone. Additionally, compared with the diet group, the metformin group had higher central systolic blood pressure and the insulin group had a higher carotid-femoral pulse-wave velocity. ConclusionWomen with GDM have evidence of early vascular disease, and this may contribute to their long-term cardiovascular risk. (c) 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
The life course perspective of gestational diabetes: An opportunity for the prevention of diabetes and heart disease in women; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which has traditionally been defined as glucose intolerance of varying severity with first onset in pregnancy, is rising in prevalence with maternal hyperglycemia currently affecting one in every six pregnancies worldwide. Although often perceived as a medical complication of pregnancy, GDM is actually a chronic cardiometabolic disorder that identifies women who have an elevated lifetime risk of ultimately developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In identifying high-risk women early in the natural history of these conditions, the diagnosis of GDM raises the tantalizing possibility of early intervention and risk modification. However, before such promise can be realized in practice, a series of clinical challenges/obstacles (reviewed herein) must be overcome. Ultimately, the coupling of this life course perspective of GDM with concerted efforts to overcome these challenges may enable fulfilment of this unique opportunity for the primary prevention of diabetes and heart disease in women.
Adverse effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal monocytes revealed by single-cell RNA sequencing; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the most prevalent metabolic disorder during pregnancy, has long-term risks of metabolic diseases in offspring. However, the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Here, we analyzed single-cell transcriptional data of cord blood mononuclear cells (CBMCs) from fetuses of healthy and GDM mothers, peripheral blood mononuclear cells from children and adolescents, and coronary plaques myeloid cells from atherosclerosis. Our results demonstrated that monocytes in cord blood were characterized with down-regulated proinflammatory-related pathways and up-regulated proliferation-related pathways. And monocytes in cord blood from GDM mothers were featured with expanded CXCL8+IL1B+ subclusters, enhanced crosstalk with neutrophil granulocytes and augmented adhesive and phagocytic abilities. Interestingly, CXCL8+IL1B+ monocytes influenced by GDM had transcriptome similarity with those of coronary plaques myeloid cells from individuals with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Collectively, our data reveal adverse impact of maternal GDM environment on fetal monocytes and propose potential mechanisms between maternal GDM and offspring atherosclerosis.
Hyperglycemia in pregnancy and its implications for a woman's future risk of cardiovascular disease; It is well established that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a population of women who are at risk of ultimately developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM) later in life. Moreover, this relationship extends across the full spectrum of hyperglycemia in pregnancy, with lesser degrees of gestational dysglycemia identifying a proportionate gradient of future risk of T2DM. Importantly, a growing body of evidence suggests that an analogous relationship exists between hyperglycemia in pregnancy and a woman's long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), as well. Indeed, as compared to their peers, woman who had GDM have a higher risk of major cardiovascular events, which first manifests within the first decade after the index pregnancy. Although the absolute incidence of such events remains low in young women of child-bearing age, the identification of future risk of CVD at this early point in its natural history may provide the unique opportunity for timely intervention and ideally disease prevention. Thus, in this review, we discuss the emerging concept of hyperglycemia in pregnancy as an indicator of the future risk of CVD in young women and its implications for research and clinical practice. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Association between cardiac arrhythmia before pregnancy and gestational diabetes: a nationwide population-based study in Korea; Given the higher prevalence of cardiac arrhythmias in individuals with diabetes, we investigated the relationship between cardiac arrhythmias and the incidence of gestational diabetes (GDM). This retrospective cohort study utilized data from the Korean Health Insurance Service database, encompassing 1,113,729 women who gave birth between January 2007 and December 2015. After excluding those who did not undergo National Health Screening tests within 1 year prior to pregnancy, those with multifetal pregnancies, and those diagnosed with diabetes, we analyzed 365,880 singleton pregnancies without a history of diabetes. Of these, 3,253 (0.9%) had cardiac arrhythmias, including premature extra beats, supraventricular tachyarrhythmias, and/ or atrial flutter/fibrillation. GDM occurred in 31,938 (8.7%) subjects during pregnancy, and was more prevalent in women with cardiac arrhythmia than in those without (14.9 vs. 8.7%, p < 0.001). In the multivariate analysis, the association between cardiac arrhythmia and GDM remained statistically significant (adjusted odds ratio, 1.78; 95% confidence interval, 1.61 to 1.97; p < 0.001). Subgroup analysis revealed that the risk of GDM was consistently statistically significant in subjects with cardiac arrhythmia, regardless of age, body mass index, and the presence or absence of chronic hypertension. Therefore, cardiac arrhythmias before and during pregnancy appear to be associated with an increased risk of developing GDM.
A Smartphone App (TRIANGLE) to Change Cardiometabolic Risk Behaviors in Women Following Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Intervention Mapping Approach; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common complication during pregnancy and is associated with an increased risk for the development of cardiometabolic diseases. Behavioral interventions can reduce this risk, but current solutions insufficiently address the requirements for such a program. The systematic development of a scalable mobile health (mHealth) promotion program for mothers during the first years post-GDM may contribute to solving this problem. Objective: The aim of this project was to systematically plan and develop a theory- and evidence-based mHealth intervention to change cardiometabolic risk behaviors in women during the first 5 years post-GDM that meets women's expected standards of commercial health apps. Methods: The intervention mapping steps 1 to 4 structured the systematic planning and development of the mHealth program described in this paper. Steps 1 and 2 led to a theory- and evidence-based logic model of change for cardiometabolic health. Based on this model, the prevention program was designed (step 3) and produced (step 4) in cooperation with industrial partners to ensure a high technological standard of the resulting smartphone app for the iPhone (Apple Inc). Step 4 included a user study with women during the first 5 years post-GDM once a beta version of the app ("TRIANGLE") was available. The user study comprised 2 test rounds of 1 week (n=5) and 4 weeks (n=6), respectively. The tests included validated questionnaires on user acceptance, user logs, and think-alouds with semistructured interviews. Results: The novel TRIANGLE app is among the first self-paced smartphone apps for individual habit change in the 3 lifestyle areas of physical activity, nutrition, and psychosocial well-being. The 3 core features-a challenge system, human coaching, and a library-address 11 behavioral determinants with 39 behavior change methods to support lifestyle changes. Participants in the user study showed a high acceptance, high perceived quality, and high perceived impact of the TRIANGLE app on their health behaviors. Participants tested the app regularly, used it intuitively, and suggested improvements. We then adapted the TRIANGLE app according to the insights from the user study before the full TRIANGLE program production. Conclusions: The intervention mapping approach was feasible to plan and develop an innovative and scalable smartphone solution for women during the first 5 years post-GDM. The resulting TRIANGLE intervention has the potential to support behavior change for cardiometabolic disease prevention. However, the app needs further refinement and testing in clinical trials. Intervention mapping steps 5 (implementation plan) and 6 (evaluation plan) may support the integration of the TRIANGLE intervention into routine care.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Diagnostic Approaches and Maternal-Offspring Complications; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common complication during pregnancy and is defined as any degree of glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. GDM is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term offspring and maternal complications. For GDM screening and diagnosis, a two-step approach (1-hour 50 g glucose challenge test followed by 3-hour 100 g oral glucose tolerance test) has been widely used. After the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study implemented a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test in all pregnant women, a one-step approach was recommended as an option for the diagnosis of GDM after 2010. The one-step approach has more than doubled the incidence of GDM, but its clinical benefit in reducing adverse pregnancy outcomes remains controversial. Long-term complications of mothers with GDM include type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease, and complications of their offspring include childhood obesity and glucose intolerance. The diagnostic criteria of GDM should properly classify women at risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term complications. The present review summarizes the strengths and weaknesses of the one-step and two-step approaches for the diagnosis of GDM based on recent randomized controlled trials and observational studies. We also describe the long-term maternal and offspring complications of GDM.
Trends in National Canadian Guideline Recommendations for the Screening and Diagnosis of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus over the Years: A Scoping Review; Canada's largest national obstetric and diabetology organizations have recommended various algorithms for the screening of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) over the years. Though uniformity across recommendations from clinical practice guidelines (CPGs) is desirable, historically, national guidelines from Diabetes Canada (DC) and the Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada (SOGC) have differed. Lack of consensus has led to variation in screening approaches, rendering precise ascertainment of GDM prevalence challenging. To highlight the reason and level of disparity in Canada, we conducted a scoping review of CPGs released by DC and the SOGC over the last thirty years and distributed a survey on screening practices among Canadian physicians. Earlier CPGs were based on expert opinion, leading to different recommendations from these organizations. However, as a result of the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome (HAPO) study, disparities between DC and the SOGC no longer exist and many Canadian physicians have adopted their recent recommendations. Given that Canadian guidelines now recommend two different screening programs (one step vs. two step), lack of consensus on a single diagnostic threshold continues to exist, resulting in differing estimates of GDM prevalence. Our scoping review highlights these disparities and provides a step forward towards reaching a consensus on one unified threshold.
Evaluation of fetal myocardial performance index in gestational diabetes mellitus; This study aimed to compare fetal myocardial performance index (MPI) between fetuses of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and healthy controls and to evaluate the relationship between MPI and maternal glucose levels. This was a prospective study of 90 pregnant women, including 50 pregnancies with GDM (27 pregnancies with insulin-regulated GDM and 23 pregnancies with diet-regulated GDM) and 40 healthy controls. Isovolumetric contraction time (ICT) + isovolumetric relaxation time (IRT)/ejection time (ET) were used to calculate the MPI (MPI = [ICT + IRT]/ET). Fetal MPI, PR interval, E/A ratio, maternal plasma glucose levels on the day of MPI measurement, and neonatal outcomes were compared. The fetal left-MPI was significantly higher in the GDM group than healthy controls (0.43 +/- 0.04 vs. 0.40 +/- 0.06, p = 0.007). The best cut-off level for MPI was >0.41 to predict adverse perinatal outcomes (sensitivity: 70%, specificity: 68%, area under the curve: 0.715, 95% confidence interval: 0.5143-0.8205, p < 0.001). The fetal MPI values showed no correlation with maternal plasma fasting, postprandial glucose, and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels. Reduced E/A ratio, higher neonatal intensive care unit admissions, and the need for cesarean delivery were detected in the GDM group. Fetal MPI is impaired in women with GDM, and the need for insulin therapy is associated with higher MPI values and adverse neonatal outcomes. Fetal MPI can help detect fetuses with potential adverse outcome risks, owing to impaired fetal cardiac function.
Gestational diabetes and the neonate: challenges and solutions; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is rising worldwide, along with overweight and obesity. In utero exposure to hyperglycemia increases perinatal complications including preterm birth, macrosomia, neonatal respiratory distress, hypoglycemia, and polycythemia. More significantly, GDM places the offspring at risk of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus, obesity and cardiovascular disease. The relative contributory roles of the intrauterine environment, shared genes, and postnatal environment on long-term outcomes are not yet fully understood. Maternal obesity in particular remains a significant confounding factor. Opportunities for ameliorating both the perinatal effects and long-term and intergenerational effects of GDM exist at the level of prevention of GDM, screening for and treatment of GDM, and postnatal interventions in offspring.
MICROALBUMINURIA FOLLOWING GESTATIONAL DIABETES; Background. Microalbuminuria (MA) precedes clinical nephropathy in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and is associated with an increased mortality, mostly due to cardiovascular disease in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Microalbuminuria is rarely detected in patients with diabetes of less than five years' duration. Our study was designed to determine whether MA and its sequelae also appear 5-8 years after pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods. We examined the presence of MA in 72 women who had not conceived since a previous GDM-pregnancy 5-8 years ago and compared them to a control group of 35 women who had no GDM history, and who were matched for age, parity and time since last pregnancy. Microalbuminuria was determined in all subjects using an overnight 8 hours urine collection. Mann-Whitney rank-sum test was used to compare data between the study and the control groups. Student's t test was used to compare data within the study group. Results. Median value of the urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) in the study group was significantly higher than median value of urinary AER of the control group (p<0.0001), but only 30.5% of the subjects of the study group were found to be microalbuminuria-positive, defined as urinary AER value of more than 21 mg/24 h. No correlation between MA and blood pressure, fasting blood glucose, serum creatinine, blood urea nitrogen and parity was found. Conclusions. MA was found to be more frequent after GDM and no predisposing factors for its appearance were elucidated. Hence, we suggest that it may well be a sign of early renal disease and that long-term follow-up of all GDM patients for MA and other markers of renal disease is strongly indicated.
Skipping breakfast before and during early pregnancy and incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus: the Japan Environment and Children's Study; Background: There is little evidence linking breakfast skipping to the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Objectives: We aimed to evaluate the prospective association of breakfast consumption with the incidence of GDM. Methods: A total of 103,099 pregnancies were registered during study enrollment (January 2011 to March 2014), involving 97,454 pregnant women from 15 areas across Japan. Singleton pregnant women free of GDM. stroke, heart disease. cancer. and type 1 or type 2 diabetes at the study enrollment were eligible for analysis. We used a self-administered questionnaire to obtain data on demographic information, socioeconomic status, self-rated health status, disease history, lifestyle, and dietary habits of each woman at study enrollment. A semiquantitative FFQ was used for dietary assessment. We used logistic regression to obtain the OR of GDM in relation to breakfast consumption. Results: Among 84.669 pregnant women for analysis, 1935 cases of GDM were documented. After adjustment for potential confounding factors including prepregnancy BMI. the multivariable-adjusted ORs of GDM for women who consumed breakfast 5-6 times/wk, 3-4 times/wk. and 0-2 times/wk were 1.09 (95% CI: 0.93, 1.27), 1.14 (95% CI: 0.96, 1.34), and 1.21 (95% CI: 1.05, 1.41), respectively, compared with daily breakfast eaters. The association appeared to be dose dependent (P-trend = 0.006) and was not significantly modified by prepregnancy BMI. Conclusions: Breakfast consumption <3 times/wk before and during early pregnancy, compared with daily consumption, was associated with an increased odds of developing GDM.
Antepartum Pituitary Necrosis Occurring In Pregnancy with Uncontrolled Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Case Report; Antepartum pituitary necrosis is a rare medical condition that has only been reported in pregnant women with type I diabetes attributable to diabetes-related vasculopathy and hypercoagulability. We present for the first time a case of antepartum pituitary necrosis occurring in an uncontrolled gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patient. The patient was a 32-yr-old woman at 33 weeks and 2 days of gestation. She suffered from severe headache, blurred vision, dizziness, and vomiting. Her baby was delivered by Cesarean section. The brain magnetic resonance images revealed pituitary necrosis. This suggests that pituitary gland necrosis may also complicate GDM pregnancy when glucose levels are uncontrolled.
Association between density of food retailers and fi tness centers and gestational diabetes mellitus in Eastern Massachusetts, USA: population-based study; Background Few studies have investigated the relationship between the food and physical activity environment and odds of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This study quantifies fi es the association between densities of several types of food establishments and fi tness centers with the odds of having GDM. Methods The density of supermarkets, fast-food restaurants, full-service restaurants, convenience stores and fi tness centers at 500, 1000 and 1500 m (m) buffers was counted at residential addresses of 68,779 pregnant individuals from Eastern Massachusetts during 2000-2016. - 2016. The ' healthy food index' ' assessed the relative availability of healthy (supermarkets) vs unhealthy (fast-food restaurants, convenience stores) food retailers. Multivariable logistic regression quantified fi ed the cross-sectional association between exposure variables and the odds of having GDM, adjusting for individual and area-level characteristics. Effect modification fi cation by area-level socioeconomic status (SES) was assessed. Findings In fully adjusted models, pregnant individuals living in the highest density tertile of fast-food restaurants had higher GDM odds compared to those living in the lowest density tertile (500 m: odds ratio (OR):1.17 95% CI: [1.04, 1.31]; 1000 m: 1.33 95% CI: [1.15, 1.53]); 1500 m: 1.18 95% CI: [1.01, 1.38]). Greater residential density of supermarkets was associated with lower odds of GDM (1000 m: 0.86 95% CI: [0.74, 0.99]; 1500 m: 0.86 95% CI: [0.72, 1.01]). Similarly, living in the highest fi tness center density tertile was associated with decreased GDM odds (500 m:0.87 95% CI: [0.76, 0.99]; 1500 m: 0.89 95% CI: [0.79, 1.01]). There was no evidence of effect modification fi cation by SES and no association found between the healthy food index and GDM odds. Interpretation In Eastern Massachusetts, living near a greater density of fast-food establishments was associated with higher GDM odds. Greater residential access to supermarkets and fi tness centers was associated with lower the odds of having GDM.
Elevated galectin-3 in women with gestational diabetes mellitus, a new surrogate for cardiovascular disease in women; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with future cardiovascular morbidity and recognized as a women-specific risk factor for cardiovascular disease. The mechanisms for this association are not well established. Therefore, we aimed to evaluate the cardiovascular-related biomarkers, galectin-3 (Gal-3) and protein convertase subtilisin/kexin (PCSK) type 9, in women with GDM. Methods Blood samples were drawn in the third trimester from 31 women diagnosed with GDM and from 35 women with normal pregnancies. Blood levels of Gal-3 and PCSK-9 were measured using a quantitative sandwich enzyme immunoassay. In addition, we measured Gal-3 levels in 24 pregnant women in the first trimester who later developed GDM and in 36 healthy controls. Continuous variables were compared using student's t-test and categorical variables by chi-square/fisher's exact tests. Results We found increased levels of Gal-3 in women diagnosed with GDM compared to women without GDM (124.6 +/- 32% versus control; pv = 0.001). Furthermore, we demonstrated elevated levels of Gal-3 during the first trimester among women who later developed GDM compared with women who did not develop any gestational morbidity (125.7 +/- 32% versus control; pv = 0.004). Third-trimester levels of PCSK-9 did not differ between women with and without GDM (560 +/- 45ng/mL versus 553 +/- 33ng/mL; pv = 0.4). Conclusions The results suggest a possible mechanism that may link GDM to the future increased cardiovascular risk in these patients. Additionally, increased Gal-3 levels during the first trimester may suggest a new early predictor for GDM.
Cardiovascular biomarkers in pregnancy with diabetes and associations to glucose control; Aim Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a leading cause of death in both men and women. Type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus (DM1 and DM2) are well-known risk factors for CVD. In addition, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a female sex-specific risk factor for CVD. Here, we measure circulating concentrations of cardiac troponin T (cTNT), N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) and growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15) during pregnancy-a window of time often referred to as a cardiovascular stress test for women. Methods This study utilized data from 384 pregnant women: 64 with DM1, 16 with DM2, 35 with GDM and 269 euglycemic controls. Blood was predominantly sampled within a week before delivery. Cardiovascular biomarker concentrations were measured in serum using electrochemiluminescence immunoassay. Result Circulating cTnT levels were higher in women with DM1, DM2 and GDM as compared to controls, whereas NT-proBNP and GDF-15 levels were only increased in women with DM1. Glucose dysregulation, assessed by third trimester HbA1c levels, positively correlated with all three CVD biomarker levels, whereas pregestational body mass index correlated negatively with GDF-15. Conclusions Our results support the presence of myocardial affection in women with diabetic disorders during pregnancy. Although pregestational DM1 in this study was associated with the most adverse CVD biomarker profile, women with GDM displayed an adverse cTnT profile similar to what we found in women with pregestational DM2. This supports that women with GDM should be offered long-term intensified cardiovascular follow-up and lifestyle advice following delivery, similarly to the well-established CV follow-up of women with pregestational DM.
Role of fibroblast growth factor 21 in gestational diabetes mellitus: A mini-review; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance with onset or first diagnosis during pregnancy, but not to the level of being diagnostic for diabetes in a nonpregnant adult. In GDM, whole-body insulin-dependent glucose disposal decreases by 40%-60% which necessitates a 200%-250% increase in insulin secretion to maintain normoglycaemia. GDM develops when a pregnant woman does not produce sufficient insulin to compensate for the reduced glucose disposal. Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) is a hormone that is expressed predominantly in the liver, but also in other metabolically active tissues such as pancreas, skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. In animals, FGF21 lowers blood glucose levels and inhibits glucagon secretion. In humans, circulating FGF21 levels are increased in insulin-resistant morbidities such as obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). An elevated FGF21 level is also an independent predictor of T2DM. GDM and T2DM are proposed to have similar underlying pathophysiologies, raising the question of whether a similar relationship exists between FGF21 and GDM as it does with T2DM. There are a limited number of studies investigating FGF21 levels in patients with GDM. Moreover, recent clinical trials investigating the therapeutic potential of FGF21 have highlighted a major gap in our understanding of the biology of FGF21. This review evaluates what is currently known about FGF21 and GDM and highlights important gaps that warrant further research.
Maternal gestational diabetes and childhood hyperlipidemia; Aims Aim of this study is to assess dyslipidemia risk between children exposed to maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and those not exposed. Methods We recruited 1144 mother-child pairs (572 GDM and 572 non-GDM women matched by their offspring's age and sex). The age of offspring ranged from 3 to 9 years old. We used general linear models to compare mean values of different lipid profiles among children born to mothers with and without GDM. Logistic regression models were used to assess associations of maternal GDM with abnormal lipid profiles in offspring. Results After adjustment for maternal and children's characteristics, children born to mothers with GDM had lower mean values of high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (1.40 +/- 0.01 vs. 1.50 +/- 0.01; p < 0.001) and higher mean levels of triglycerides/HDL cholesterol ratio (0.37 +/- 0.01 vs. 0.35 +/- 0.01; p < 0.05) in comparison with their counterparts born to mothers without GDM. Multivariate-adjusted odds ratios among children exposed to mothers with GDM compared with the counterparts were 2.11 (95% confidence interval [CI 1.15-3.88]) for low HDL cholesterol and 1.35 (95% CI 1.00-1.81) for high triglycerides/HDL cholesterol ratio, respectively. Conclusions Maternal GDM was associated with an increased risk of hyperlipidemia in the offspring during early childhood aged from 3 to 9 years old.
A holistic approach to preventing type 2 diabetes in Asian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus: a feasibility study and pilot randomized controlled trial; Background Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) exposes women to future risk of Type 2 Diabetes. Previous studies focused on diet and physical activity, less emphasis was given to tackle intertwined risk factors such as sleep and stress. Knowledge remains scarce in multi-ethnic Asian communities. This study explored the: (1) feasibility of a holistic digital intervention on improving diet, physical activity (PA), sleep and stress of Asian women with a history of GDM, and (2) preliminary efficacy of the holistic intervention on women's physical and mental well-being via a pilot randomized controlled trial.Methods Female volunteers with a history of GDM but without pre-existing diabetes were recruited from multi-ethnic Singaporean community. Each eligible woman was given a self-monitoring opportunity using Oura Ring that provided daily feedback on step counts, PA, sleep and bedtime heart rate. Intervention group additionally received personalized recommendations aimed to reinforce healthy behaviors holistically (diet, PA, sleep and stress). Dietary intake was evaluated by a research dietitian, while step counts, PA, sleep and bedtime heart rate were evaluated by health coaches based on Oura Ring data. Perceived physical and mental health and well-being were self-reported. Clinical outcomes included glycemic status determined by HbA1c and OGTT tests, body mass index, blood pressures and lipid profile.Results Of 196 women from the community, 72 women completed diabetes screening, 61 women were eligible and 56 women completed the study. The 56 completers had mean age of 35.8 +/- 3.7 years, predominantly Chinese, majority had their first GDM diagnosed at least 2 years ago and had two GDM-affected pregnancies. After intervention period, more women in the Intervention group achieved at least 8,000 steps/day and had at least 6 hours of sleep per night. Noticeable reduction of added sugar in their food and beverages were observed after the dietary intervention. Changes in body weight and mental well-being were observed but group differences were not statistically significant.Conclusions The holistic approach appeared feasible for personalizing lifestyle recommendations to promote physical and mental well-being among women with a history of GDM. Larger studies with sufficient assessment timepoints and follow-up duration are warranted to improve the evaluation of intervention effects on clinical outcomes.Clinical trial registration number https://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT05512871, NCT05512871.
ATLANTIC-DIP: prevalence of metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus by International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Groups criteria; Women with previous gestational diabetes (GDM) are a high-risk group for future development of diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. The new International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria significantly increase the number of women diagnosed with GDM. The long-term metabolic outcome in these women is unknown. We set out to determine the prevalence of metabolic syndrome, using adult treatment panel-III criteria; and insulin resistance, using HOMA2-IR, in white European women with previous GDM. Using a cohort design, we invited women meeting IADPSG GDM criteria across four Irish antenatal centres between 2007 and 2010 to participate. Two hundred and sixty-five women with previous values meeting IADPSG criteria for GDM participated (44 % of the population eligible for participation). Mean age was 36.7 years (SD 5.0). These women were compared with a randomly selected control group of 378 women (mean age 37.6 years, SD 5.1) known to have normal glucose tolerance (NGT) in pregnancy during the same period. A total of 25.3 % of women with previous IADPSG-defined GDM met metabolic syndrome criteria, compared to 6.6 % of women with NGT [at 2.6 (SD 1.0) vs. 3.3 years (SD 0.7) post-partum]. The prevalence of HOMA2-IR > 1.8 was higher in women with previous IADPSG-defined GDM (33.6 vs. 9.1 % with NGT, p < 0.001). Women with previous GDM by IADPSG criteria demonstrate a greater than threefold prevalence of metabolic syndrome compared to women with NGT in pregnancy. Efforts to prevent projected long-term consequences of this should focus on interventions both in the preconception and post-partum periods.
The postpartum cardiovascular risk factor profile of women with isolated hyperglycemia at 1-hour on the oral glucose tolerance test in pregnancy; Background and aims: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an enhanced cardiovascular risk factor profile at 3-months postpartum and an elevated risk of future cardiovascular disease, as compared to their peers. Recently, it has emerged that even mild dysglycemia on antepartum oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) predicts an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease, although it is not known whether there exists an identifiable high-risk subgroup within this patient population. Since gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) due to isolated hyperglycemia at 1-h during the OGTT (1-h GIGT) bears metabolic similarity to GDM, we hypothesized that, like GDM, 1-h GIGT may predict a high-risk postpartum cardiovascular phenotype. Methods and results: In this prospective cohort study, 485 women underwent antepartum OGTT, followed by cardiovascular risk factor assessment at 3-months postpartum. The antepartum OGTT identified 4 gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 137); 1-h GIGT (n = 39); GIGT at 2- or 3-h (2/3-h GIGT)(n = 50); and normal glucose tolerance (NGT)(n = 259). After adjustment for age, ethnicity, breastfeeding and waist circumference, mean levels of the following cardiovascular risk factors progressively increased from NGT to 2/3-h GIGT to 1-h GIGT to GDM: LDL cholesterol (p = 0.0026); total cholesterol: HDL (p = 0.0030); apolipoprotein B (p = 0.004); apolipoprotein B: apolipoprotein A1 (p = 0.026); leptin (p = 0.018); and C-reactive protein (p = 0.011). Conclusions: Amongst women without GDM, 1-h GIGT predicts an enhanced postpartum cardiovascular risk factor profile. It thus emerges, that amongst young women with mild dysglycemia in pregnancy, those with 1-h GIGT may comprise an unrecognized patient population at risk for future cardiovascular disease. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Prepregnancy plant-based diets and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study of 14,926 women; Background Emerging evidence suggests beneficial impacts of plant-based diets on glucose metabolism among generally healthy individuals. Whether adherence to these diets is related to risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is unknown. Objectives We aimed to examine associations between plant-based diets and GDM in a large prospective study. Methods We included 14,926 women from the Nurses' Health Study II (1991-2001), who reported >= 1 singleton pregnancy and without previous GDM before the index pregnancy. Prepregnancy adherence to plant-based diets was measured by an overall plant-based diet index (PDI), healthful plant-based diet index (hPDI), and unhealthful plant-based diet index (uPDI) as assessed by FFQs every 4 y. Incident first-time GDM was ascertained from a self-reported physician diagnosis, which was previously validated by review of medical records. We used log-binomial models with generalized estimating equations to calculate RRs and 95% CIs for associations of PDIs with GDM. Results We documented 846 incident GDM cases over the 10-y follow-up among 20,707 pregnancies. Greater adherence to the PDI and hPDI was associated with lower GDM risk. For the PDI, the multivariable-adjusted RR (95% CI) comparing the highest and lowest quintiles (Q5 compared with Q1) was 0.70 (0.56, 0.87) (P-trend = 0.0004), and for each 10-point increment was 0.80 (0.71, 0.90). For the hPDI, the RR (95% CI) of Q5 compared with Q1 was 0.75 (0.59, 0.94) (P-trend = 0.009) and for each 10-point increment was 0.86 (0.77, 0.95). After further adjustment for prepregnancy BMI, the associations were attenuated but remained significant: for the PDI, the RR (95% CI) for each 10-point increment was 0.89 (0.79, 1.00) and the corresponding RR (95% CI) was 0.89 (0.80, 0.99) for the hPDI. The uPDI was not associated with GDM. Conclusions Our study suggests that greater prepregnancy adherence to a healthful plant-based diet was associated with lower risk of GDM, whereas an unhealthful plant-based diet was not related to GDM risk.
Mitochondrial function and glucose metabolism in the placenta with gestational diabetes mellitus: role of <i>miR</i>-<i>143</i>; A predisposing factor for development of the hyperglycaemic state of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is obesity. We previously showed that increasing maternal obesity is associated with significant reductions in placental mitochondrial respiration. MicroRNA (miR)-143 has been previously shown to regulate the metabolic switch from oxidative phosphorylation to aerobic glycolysis in cancer tissues. We hypothesized that mitochondrial respiration is reduced and aerobic glycolysis is up-regulated via changes in miR-143 expression in the placenta of women with GDM. Placental tissue was collected at term from women with A1GDM (controlled by diet), A2GDM (controlled by medication) and body mass index (BMI)-matched controls (CTRL). miR-143 expression was measured by RT-PCR. Expression of mitochondrial complexes, transcription factors peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-. co-activator 1a (PGC1a) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor. (PPAR.), components of mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signalling, glucose transporter GLUT1 and glycolytic enzymes [hexokinase-2 (HK-2), phosphofructokinase (PFK) and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH)] were measured by Western blot. Trophoblast respiration was measured by XF24 Analyser. Expression of miR-143, mitochondrial complexes, and PPAR. and PGC1a, which act downstream of miR-143, were significantly decreased in A2GDM placentae compared with A1GDM and CTRL (P<0.01). Placental hPL (human placental lactogen) levels, expression of glycolytic enzymes, GLUT1 and mTOR signalling were also significantly increased by more than 2-fold in A2GDM compared with A1GDM and CTRL (P<0.05). There was a 50% reduction in mitochondrial respiration in trophoblast cells isolated from A2GDM placentae. Overexpression of miR-143 was able to increase mitochondrial respiration, increase protein expression of mitochondrial complexes and decrease expression of glycolytic enzymes by 40% compared with A2GDM. Down-regulation of miR-143 mediates the metabolic switch from oxidative phosphorylation to aerobic glycolysis in placenta of women with A2GDM.
Prevalence of the impaired glucose metabolism and its association with risk factors for coronary artery disease in women with gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes (GDM) has increased risk of diabetes (DM2), a coronary artery disease (CAD) equivalent. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of impaired glucose metabolism (IGM) in GDM and its association with risk factors for CAD. A cohort of 109 women with GDM underwent a glucose tolerance test which classified them into three groups: diabetic (DM2) (fasting glucose (G) >= 126mg/dl or plasma glucose 2h (2-h G) >= 200 mg/dl); impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) (G 100-125 mg/dl and/or 2-h G 140-199 mg/dl); and normal (N) (G < 100 mg/dl and/or 2-h < 140 mg/dl). They were compared for pregestational (PBMI) and current (CBMI) body mass index, systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), G, lipids, fibrinogen and C-reactive protein (hsCRP). Thirty two months after delivery, 17.4% presented DM2, 39.4% IGT and 43.1% were N. PBMI, CBMI, SBP and DBP were significantly higher in the DM2 than N. G was higher in DM2 and IGT. HDL-cholesterol (HDLC) was higher in the N (p = 0.02) and the triglycerides (TG) were higher in DM2 (p = 0.02). The groups showed significantly different levels of hsCRP (p = 0.002). We conclude that the high prevalence of IGM, overweight/obesity, dyslipidemia and altered inflammatory markers, make GDM a high-risk situation for CAD. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Relationships between triglyceride-glucose index and incident gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study of a Korean population using publicly available data; Background The connection between the triglyceride-glucose index (TyG index) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is currently debated. Our study aimed to investigate the connection between the TyG index and GDM within the Korean population.Methods Using publically accessible data in Korea, we performed a secondary study on a sample of 589 pregnant women who were carrying a single fetus. The analysis employed a binary logistic regression model, some sensitivity analyses, and subgroup analysis to investigate the association between the TyG index and the occurrence of GDM. To assess the TyG index's potential to predict GDM, a receiver operating characteristic (ROC) study was also carried out.Results The mean age of the pregnant women was 32.065 +/- 3.798 years old, while the mean TyG index was 8.352 +/- 0.400. The prevalence rate of GDM was found to be 6.112%. Upon adjusting for potential confounding variables, a positive association was detected between the TyG index and incident GDM (OR = 12.923, 95%CI: 3.581-46.632, p = 0.00009). The validity of this connection was further confirmed by subgroup analysis and sensitivity analyses. With an area under the ROC curve of 0.807 (95%CI: 0.734-0.879), the TyG index showed strong predictive power for GDM. The TyG index's ideal cutoff value for detecting GDM was found to be 8.632, with a sensitivity of 78.7% and a specificity of 72.2%.Conclusion The findings of our study provide evidence that an increased TyG index is significantly associated with the occurrence of GDM. Utilizing the TyG index during the 10-14 week gestational period may be a valuable tool in identifying pregnant individuals at a heightened risk for developing GDM. Early detection enables timely and efficacious interventions, thereby enhancing the prognosis of affected individuals.
Proteolytic Mediators in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Gingivitis; Background: This study evaluates levels of matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-8, MMP-9, and tissue inhibitor of MP-1 (TIMP-1) in biofluids of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and systemically healthy counterparts with different statuses of periodontal health. Methods: Seventy-one women with GDM and gingivitis (Gg), 30 women with GDM and healthy periodontium (Gh), 28 systemically and periodontally healthy women (Hh), and 37 systemically healthy women with gingivitis (Hg) were evaluated. MMP-8, MMP-9, and TIMP-1 levels were determined in gingival crevicular fluid (GCF), saliva, and serum by immunofluorometric and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays. Fullmouth clinical periodontal parameters were recorded. Results: GCF and serum MMP-8 concentrations, serum MMP-9 concentrations, and serum MMP-8/MMP-1 and MMP9/MMP-1 molar ratios were significantly higher in Gg compared with Hg group (P < 0.05). Serum MMP-8 levels and salivary TIMP-1 levels were higher in Gh compared with Hg group (P < 0.05) whereas salivary MMP-8/TIMP-1 molar ratio was lower in Gh compared with Hg group (P < 0.05). Elevated concentrations of GCF MMP-8 and MMP-9 were found in Gg compared with Gh group (P < 0.05). Significant correlations were found between local levels of biomarkers and clinical periodontal parameters in only GDM group. Conclusion: GDM may modulate both local and circulating levels of MMP-8 especially when associated with gingivitis.
Effect of Breastfeeding Duration on Coagulation in Women With and Without History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Context Breastfeeding is associated with a reduced maternal risk for cardiovascular diseases (CVDs).Objective Since the underlying mechanisms are still poorly understood, we here examined the effect of breastfeeding on the plasmatic coagulation system in women with and without history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).Methods A total of 76 participants of the German Gestational Diabetes Study (PREG; NCT04270578) were examined 14 months (interquartile range [IQR], 12-26 months) after delivery with a 5-point oral glucose tolerance test. Global coagulation tests, prothrombotic coagulation proteins (FII/FVII/FVIII/FIX), antithrombotic proteins (antithrombin, protein C/S), and endothelial markers (von Willebrand factor and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1) were determined. The Framingham risk score was used to estimate the 10-year CV risk. The effect of breastfeeding duration on coagulation was analyzed using multivariable linear models.Results The mean duration of breastfeeding was 11 months (IQR, 7-14 months). Overall, longer duration of breastfeeding was associated with lower CV risk (Framingham risk score; P = .05) and was negatively associated with FIX (P = .018). We detected an interaction between previous GDM and breastfeeding duration for FIX (PInteraction = .017): Only in women with GDM history was the duration of breastfeeding negatively associated with FIX activity (P = .016). This association persisted in statistical models adjusted for age, body mass index, insulin sensitivity, and C-reactive protein. The duration of breastfeeding was not associated with anticoagulant proteins and endothelial markers.Conclusion Longer duration of breastfeeding is associated with lower CV risk and an improved coagulation profile. Women with GDM history appear to benefit particularly from prolonged breastfeeding.
Antenatal Factors Associated With Perinatal Arterial Ischemic Stroke; Background and Purpose-Perinatal arterial ischemic stroke (PAIS) is a common cause of hemiplegic cerebral palsy in children. The diagnosis of PAIS is based on cerebral imaging. The objective of our study was to determine prenatal risk factors associated with PAIS. Methods-A retrospective case-control study was nested in the whole population of Burgundy, France, from January 2000 to December 2007. Case patients were confirmed by review of brain imaging and medical records. Three control subjects per case were randomly selected from the study population by sex, term, place, and year of birth. Results-PAIS was confirmed in 32 patients and its incidence was one per 4400 live births. In comparison to control subjects, clinical conditions significantly associated to cases were gestational diabetes (16.1% versus 4.2%; P = 0.04), fetal heart rate abnormalities (35.5% versus 10.9%; P = 0.001), and meconium-stained liquor (40% versus 12%; P < 0.001). At the limit of statistical significance were found maternal smoking before (39.3% versus 22.9%; P = 0.08) and during pregnancy (32.1% versus 16.7%; P = 0.07), cord abnormalities (29% versus 14.1%; P = 0.06), and cesarean delivery (28.1% versus 14.6%; P = 0.08). In the multivariate analysis, maternal smoking during pregnancy (OR, 3.1; 95% CI, 1.1-8.8; P = 0.04) was the only risk factor significantly associated with PAIS. Conclusions-This study is the first to identify maternal smoking during pregnancy as an independent prenatal risk factor of PAIS. Additional prospective studies are needed to confirm this result and to investigate the role of maternal smoking in fetal and neonatal thrombogenesis. (Stroke. 2012; 43: 2307-2312.)
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Maternal Chronic Diseases in the Future: A Cross-Sectional Study Using KoGES-HEXA Data; Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with an increased risk of chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease (CVD) and metabolic syndrome (MS), in the future. We designed a large-scale cohort study to evaluate the influence of APOs (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), stillbirth, macrosomia, and low birth weight) on the incidence of chronic diseases, body measurements, and serum biochemistry in the future and investigate whether combinations of APOs had additive effects on chronic diseases. We used health examinee data from the Korean Genome and Epidemiology Study (KoGES-HEXA) and extracted data of parous women (n = 30,174; mean age, 53.02 years) for the analysis. Women with APOs were more frequently diagnosed with chronic diseases and had a family history of chronic diseases compared with women without APOs. Composite APOs were associated with an increased risk of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, angina pectoris, stroke, and MS (adjusted odds ratio: 1.093, 1.379, 1.269, 1.351, 1.414, and 1.104, respectively) after adjustment for family history and social behaviors. Preeclampsia and GDM were associated with an increased risk of some chronic diseases; however, the combination of preeclampsia and GDM did not have an additive effect on the risk. APOs moderately influenced the future development of maternal CVD and metabolic derangements, independent of family history and social behaviors.
Long-Term Metabolic Consequences in Patients with a History of Gestational Diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a common metabolic complication of pregnancy. Universal guidelines on gestational diabetes have been impeded by the long-term controversies on its definition and screening strategies. The prevalence of gestational diabetes is rising all over the world, is significantly influenced by ethnicity and its rise is mainly attributed to increasing maternal obesity and age. Gestational diabetes mellitus has important long-term implications, including gestational diabetes recurrence, increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease for the mother. Gestational diabetes mellitus may be viewed as a chronic metabolic disorder that is identified in women during gestation and may provide a unique opportunity for the early identification and primary prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease in these women. in this mini-review, the evolution of screening tests for gestational diabetes and guidelines are briefly described and metabolic and cardiovascular long-term consequences of women with a history of gestational diabetes are summarized. A summary of our own St. Mary's Hospital-UK Research series on long-term metabolic consequences of 368 women with a history of gestational diabetes of 3 different ethnic groups and 482 control women is also included. We found that approximately 2 years following delivery, 37% of women with a history of gestational diabetes had abnormal glucose concentrations, but, most importantly, even those who were normoglycaemic, postpartum displayed metabolic abnormalities on detailed testing. Future research needs to focus on the prevention of gestational diabetes long-term complications, but also in identification of pre-pregnancy predictors and risk reduction before conception.
Serum retinol-binding protein 4 levels and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A nested case-control study in Chinese women and an updated meta-analysis; Aims We prospectively evaluated the association of circulating retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) levels in early pregnancy and risk of incident gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in pregnant women. Methods A nested case-control study was conducted among 332 women who developed GDM and 664 matched controls based on the Tongji-Shuangliu Birth Cohort. GDM was diagnosed during 24-28 weeks of gestation according to the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group criteria. Serum RBP4 levels in early pregnancy (6-15 weeks of gestation) were determined by ELISA assay. Multivariable conditional logistic regression models were used to analyse the association and generated the odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI). EMBASE and PubMed were searched up to 30 November 2020 to identify studies investigating the association between blood RBP4 levels in early pregnancy and incident GDM. Results In the multivariable model with adjustment of potential risk factors, the OR comparing the extreme quartiles of serum RBP4 levels was 2.26 (95% CI: 1.34, 3.81; p for trend <0.001), and each standard deviation (SD) increment of RBP4 was associated with 1.39-fold (95% CI: 1.15, 1.69) higher risk of GDM. The results were confirmed in a meta-analysis that included additional four studies with an overall OR of 1.47 (95% CI: 1.18, 1.83) per 1-SD increment of RBP4. Conclusions Serum RBP4 levels in early pregnancy, independent of metabolic risk factors, are positively associated with the risk of GDM in pregnant women. Our findings may provide new insights into the mechanisms underlying the aetiology of GDM.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and future risk of heart failure; Purpose of reviewCardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women. Women with history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) have approximately two-fold risk of future CVD, but until recently the association with future heart failure (HF) was unclear. Here, we summarize evidence for associations of APOs with HF, potential underlying mechanisms, and future directions for clinical translation.Recent findingsWomen with history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs) have roughly two-fold risk of future HF compared with other parous women even after accounting for interval development of coronary artery disease. The HDPs portend heightened risk of HF with both reduced and preserved ejection fraction. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and other APOs such as preterm delivery, small-for-gestational-age delivery, and placental abruption may also confer additional risk for HF development. Possible underlying mechanisms linking APOs to HF include shared upstream risk factors and genetics, accelerated development of cardiometabolic risk factors postpartum, persistent endothelial and microvascular dysfunction, and impaired natriuretic peptide signaling.History of APOs, including HDPs and GDM, confer increased risk for development of HF years after delivery. Further research is needed to define strategies to optimize prepregnancy and postpartum cardiovascular health toward HF prevention.
Low circulating pentraxin 3 levels in pregnancy is associated with gestational diabetes and increased apoB/apoA ratio: a 5-year follow-up study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life. Pentraxin 3 (PTX3) is an essential component of innate immunity and independently associated with the risk of developing vascular events. The aim of the study was to examine the relationships between GDM, cardiovascular risk, and plasma PTX3 in pregnancy and at 5 years after the index pregnancy. Methods: This population-based prospective cohort included 300 women who had an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy. Five years later, the OGTT was repeated along with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, lipid analysis, and pulse wave velocity analysis. Fasting PTX3 levels were measured four times during pregnancy and at follow-up. Results: PTX3 levels were lower early in pregnancy and at 5 years follow-up in women who developed GDM. PTX3 levels throughout pregnancy were associated with body mass index. Low PTX3 levels in early pregnancy were predictive of an increased apoB/apoA ratio at 5-year follow-up. PTX3 at 5-year follow-up was inversely correlated with multiple metabolic risk factors for CVD, including body composition, arterial stiffness, dyslipidemia and previous GDM. Conclusions: Our results show that low plasma concentration of PTX3 in early pregnancy is associated with subsequent development of GDM and with an enhanced risk for CVD as estimated by an elevated apoB/apoA ratio at 5 years postpartum.
Levels of thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor in gestational diabetes mellitus; Thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor (TAFI) is a procarboxypeptidase, which is synthesised in liver and activated by thrombin and the thrombin-thrombomodulin complex. TAFI suppresses fibrinolysis by removing carboxy-terminal lysine residues from partially degraded fibrin. In this study we aimed to assess the circulating levels of TAFI antigen, 'a fibrinolytic parameter' in women with gestational diabetes (GDM). Thirty-four pregnant women with GDM and 50 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance were included in the study. Plasma TAFI antigen levels were significantly higher in pregnant women with GDM when compared with controls. Increased TAFI levels may contribute to the decreased fibrinolytic potency, causing a thrombophilic state. GDM is regarded as a specific form of diabetes, and it could in addition be a predictor of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the future and the risk of complications due to hypercoagulability increases in this disease. Increased TAFI levels may also have a role in increased risk of hypercoagulability.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and the Risks of Overall and Type-Specific Cardiovascular Diseases: A Population- and Sibling-Matched Cohort Study; OBJECTIVE To evaluate associations between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and various incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) end points, considering the effects of the mediating role of type 2 diabetes and shared environmental/familial factors. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS This population-based cohort study included 10,02,486 parous women in Denmark during 1978-2016. We used Cox regression to 1) examine the associations of GDM with overall and type-specific CVDs using full-cohort and sibling-matched analysis, 2) quantify the impact of type 2 diabetes after GDM using mediation analysis, and 3) assess whether these associations were modified by prepregnancy obesity or maternal history of CVD. RESULTS Women with a history of GDM had a 40% increased overall CVD risk (hazard ratio [HR] 1.40, 95% CI 1.35-1.45). Sibling-matched analyses yielded similar results (HR 1.44, 95% CI 1.28-1.62). The proportion of association between GDM and overall CVD explained by subsequent type 2 diabetes was 23.3% (15.4-32.8%). We observed increased risks of specific CVDs, including 65% increased stroke risk and more than twofold risks for myocardial infarction, heart failure, and peripheral artery disease. The elevated overall risks were more pronounced among women with GDM and prepregnancy obesity or maternal history of CVD. CONCLUSIONS A history of GDM was associated with increased risks of overall and specific CVDs. Increased risks were partly explained by subsequent type 2 diabetes, and the need to identify other pathways remains important. Continuous monitoring of women with a history of GDM, especially those with prepregnancy obesity or maternal history of CVD, may provide better opportunities to reduce their cardiovascular risk.
Circulating B-type natriuretic peptide in women with and without recent gestational diabetes: The impact of current glucose intolerance; Context: Circulating B-type natriuretic peptide, as measured by the N-terminal fragment of its prohormone (NT-proBNP), is inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes (T2DM) but positively related to future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Recognizing that gestational diabetes (GDM) identifies women at future risk for both T2DM and CVD, we sought to determine whether gestational glucose tolerance relates to NT-proBNP in the years after delivery. Design/Patients/Measurements: Three hundred and forty women underwent a glucose challenge test (GCT) and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy, yielding 4 gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 105); gestational impaired glucose tolerance (n = 59); abnormal GCT with a normal OGTT (n = 98); and normal GCT with normal OGTT (n = 75). At 3-year postpartum, they underwent cardiometabolic characterization (including measurement of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), adiponectin and NT-proBNP) and repeated the OGTT, revealing 69 women with glucose intolerance (prediabetes/diabetes). Results: At 3-year postpartum, serum NT-proBNP did not differ between the 4 original gestational glucose tolerance groups (P = .44), but instead progressively decreased across current glucose tolerance strata, from normal to prediabetes to diabetes (P = .006). Indeed, on logistic regression analysis, NT-proBNP emerged as a negative predictor of prediabetes/diabetes (OR = 0.903, 95% CI 0.825-0.988, P = .026). On multiple linear regression analyses of NT-proBNP, the significant association with current glucose intolerance was ultimately attenuated in a fully adjusted model, revealing two independent determinants of NT-proBNP: eGFR (t = -2.71, P = .007) and adiponectin (t = 2.44, P = .015). Conclusion: Serum NT-proBNP relates to current glucose intolerance, rather than preceding gestational dysglycaemia. Thus, the diabetic (rather than vascular) risk implications of NT-proBNP predominate in young women.
Plasma Thrombin-Activatable Fibrinolysis Inhibitor Levels Are not Associated With Glucose Intolerance and Subclinical Atherosclerosis in Women With Previous Gestational Diabetes; We aimed to determine plasma thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor (TAFI) antigen levels in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to evaluate the possible association of plasma TAFI with glucose intolerance and markers of subclinical atherosclerosis. This cross-sectional study was performed in 111 women with previous GDM and 60 controls. Glucose intolerance was evaluated. Homeostasis model assessment score was calculated. Circulating lipids, interleukin-6, matrix metalloproteinase-1, fibrinogen, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, and TAFI antigen levels were assayed. Carotid intima media thickness (IMT) was measured. Women with previous GDM had increased levels of atherosclerosis markers and carotid IMT. On the other hand, plasma TAFI antigen levels were similar (P = .395). Thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor was not associated with the indices of insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, markers of atherosclerosis, and carotid IMT. Our data demonstrated that plasma TAFI was not altered in women with previous GDM. TAFI was not associated with glucose intolerance and subclinical atherosclerosis.
Early pregnancy biochemical markers of placentation for screening of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); For the effective management and screening of patients with diabetes, lipid profile has been a useful mean. Here, we hypothesized that biochemical analyses of blood serum in pregnant women with GDM will develop an insight on the pathogenesis of the disease and possibly uncover new biomarkers. In order to test our hypothesis, antenatal pregnant women (n = 300) were selected for blood samples including 176 with positive clinical/family history and 124 with negative clinical/family history of GDM during the early second trimester (14-18 weeks of gestation). All the subjects were followed up to the early third trimester (24-28 weeks of gestation) for second sampling until the onset of GDM. Lipid profile data shows that mean values of triglycerides, total cholesterol, low density lipids and very low density lipids were significantly higher (p <0.05) and mean HDL was significantly lower in early second trimester in those patients who subsequently developed GDM during late third trimester when compared with those who didn't develop GDM. Inflammatory biomarker such as High-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels were also found to be significantly higher by 69% increase in patients who developed GDM later in third trimester in comparison with those who didn't develop. About 32% patients who finally developed GDM belonged to positive clinical/family history group. The results of our study indicate that abnormal serum cholesterol; triglycerides, HDL, LDL, VLDL and hs-CRP play a vital in pathophysiology of gestational diabetes. Early diagnosis of GDM based on these biochemical markers will help decrease adverse neonatal and maternal outcomes. (C) 2019 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Retinoic acid attenuates cardiac injury induced by hyperglycemia in pre- and post-delivery mice; The aim of the present study is to explore the effect of retinoic acid (RA) on cardiac injury induced by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). GDM mice were given 3 mg/kg RA once daily until the 19th day of pregnancy or the 7th day of post-partum. Compared to normal control and normal pregnant control mice, GDM mice before and after delivery showed significantly cardiac injury. RA treatment attenuated cardiac injury as evidenced by decreased heart mass and left ventricular mass, mRNA expressions of ANP and BNP, and cardiac fibrosis compared with that in GDM mice. The protective effect of RA on GDM cardiomyopathy was related to the decreased MDA content and ROS generation, the increased GSH-Px and SOD content as well as the reduced TNF-alpha and IL-1 beta content and inhibition of NF-kappa B signaling. In addition, RA treatment delayed the continuous rise of blood glucose before delivery and decreased the higher level of glucose after delivery. In conclusion, RA treatment could increase the activity of the antioxidant enzyme and suppress the oxidative stress, inflammation response, and activation of NF-kappa B signaling, thereby improving blood glucose level and cardiac injury of GDM mice before and after delivery.
Efficacy of myoinositol in treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus in Asian Indian women: A pilot randomized clinical trial; Objective: To compare efficacy of myoinositol as an adjuvant to dietary modification for treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus in Asian Indian women compared to controls. Study design: Setting: This pilot randomized open label trial was conducted in a single antenatal clinic in India. Subjects: One hundred women with singleton pregnancy and gestational diabetes diagnosed between 14-28 weeks' gestation were included. Overt diabetes, twin pregnancy, pre-existing renal disease, heart disease and other chronic medical disorders were exclusions. Intervention: Participants were randomized in two groups (1:1 ratio) by opaque envelope method. Individualized nutrition counseling with dietary modification and routine antenatal care was provided to all. Fifty women received myoinositol 1000 mg twice daily; 50 controls did not receive myoinositol. Fasting and postprandial glucose levels were assessed after two weeks. Women not achieving glycemic targets (fasting glucose <95 and postprandial glucose <120 mg/dL) were given pharmacologic therapy. Contributory factors in women requiring additional pharmacologic therapy, maternal and fetal outcomes were noted. Statistical analysis: Between group comparisons reported relative risk and mean difference. To assess predictive factors for need for pharmacologic therapy, univariate and multivariable logistic regression analysis were used. Results: Baseline characteristics were comparable in both groups. Except one woman in the myoinositol group, all women provided glycaemia data throughout their pregnancy. Glycemic control was achieved in 44/ 49 (89.8 %) women in myoinositol group which was significantly higher than 34/50 (68 %) in the controls ((relative risk 0.31, 95 % confidence interval 0.13 to 0.80, p = 0.008). Mean duration of myoinositol treatment was 17.6 weeks (standard deviation 5.3). Additional treatment with metformin/insulin was needed in all women failing to achieve glycaemic control. The mean (range) dose of insulin was 25.3 units in myoinositol group compared to 14.27 units in controls (p = 0.058). Secondary outcomes were similar in two groups except baby weight which was higher in controls (p = 0.018). Conclusions: Oral supplementation with myoinositol in dose of 1 gm twice-daily, when started soon after the diagnosis of GDM, is effective in achieving glycemic control and decreasing the need for additional pharmacological therapy in Asian Indian women. (C) 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine Special Statement: Quality metric on the rate of postpartum diabetes screening after pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus; As many as 1 in 3 patients with gestational diabetes mellitus have impaired glucose metabolism when screened postpartum. These patients have a 40% to 70% lifetime risk of progression to type 2 diabetes mellitus, but progression can be delayed or prevented by lifestyle interventions or medication. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Diabetes Association recom-mend a glucose tolerance test at 4 to 12 weeks postpartum for all patients with gestational diabetes mellitus. Despite these recommendations, postpartum screening rates are typically <50%, representing a major healthcare "quality gap." The Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine proposes a uniform metric that identifies the percentage of persons with gestational diabetes mellitus who completed a 75-g, 2-hour glucose tolerance test within 12 weeks after delivery. The metric is designed to be measured using diagnosis and procedure codes in payor claims data. Barriers to screening are discussed. Possible uses of the metric for quality improvement projects are outlined. Increasing the rate of postpartum diabetes screening should facilitate timely referral to implement lifestyle modifications, medication, and long-term follow-up. Use of the metric in financial incentive programs is discouraged at this time.
Aortic Intima-Media Thickness is Increased in Neonates of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: The Role of Thioredoxin-Interacting Protein as a Marker of Oxidative Stress; Background: Offspring exposed in foetal life to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for future metabolic diseases.Objective: To explore the prognostic role of abdominal aorta intima-media thickness (aIMT) in neonates exposed to GDM as a possible biomarker for later atherogenesis and its possible correlation with thioredoxin-interacting protein (TXNIP), a protein involved in oxidative stress.Methods: In this prospective, observational study, mother-infant pairs were studied in 2 groups (57 patients with GDM and 51 controls without GDM). TXNIP levels were measured in the placenta, as well as in the umbilical and neonatal blood. The data were correlated with aIMT in neonates.Results: aIMT was increased in GDM offspring (patients: median [range]=0.39 mm [0.31-0.46] vs controls: median=0.28 mm [0.23-0.33]; p=0.001) and remained significant after adjusting for possible confounders (e.g., triglycerides, blood pressure, vitamin D, birth weight and gender; beta coefficient=0.131 p=0.049). TXNIP levels were increased in trophoblasts (p=0.001) and syncytiotrophoblasts (p=0.001) and were decreased in endothelial cells (p=0.022) in GDM offspring vs controls. Moreover, TXNIP levels in trophoblasts positively correlated with aIMT (r=0.369; p=0.001). TXNIP levels in umbilical/neonatal blood were not associated with GDM.Conclusion: Increased aIMT was demonstrated in the offspring of mothers with GDM. Non-invasive measurement of aIMT could be used as a biomarker to identify children at increased risk for atherogenesis later in life. This information may encourage early preventive measures. TXNIP may be associated with GDM and/or aIMT.
Reasons for participation and non-participation in a diabetes prevention trial among women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes. Lifestyle intervention can prevent progression to type 2 diabetes in high risk populations. We designed a randomised controlled trial (RCT) to evaluate the effectiveness of an established lifestyle intervention compared to standard care for delaying diabetes onset in European women with recent GDM. Recruitment into the RCT was more challenging than anticipated with only 89 of 410 (22%) women agreeing to participate. This paper identifies factors that could enhance participation of the target population in future interventions. Methods: We hypothesised that women who agreed to participate would have higher diabetes risk profiles than those who declined, and secondly that it would be possible to predict participation on the bases of those risk factors. To test our hypothesis, we identified the subset of women for whom we had comprehensive data on diabetes risks factors 3-5 years following GDM, reducing the sample to 43 participants and 73 decliners. We considered established diabetes risk factors: smoking, daily fruit and vegetable intake, participation in exercise, family history of diabetes, glucose values and BMI scores on post-partum re-screens, use of insulin during pregnancy, and age at delivery. We also analysed narrative data from 156 decliners to further understand barriers to and facilitators of participation. Results: Two factors differentiated participants and decliners: age at delivery (with women older than 34 years being more likely to participate) and insulin use during pregnancy (with women requiring the use of insulin in pregnancy less likely to participate). Binary logistic regression confirmed that insulin use negatively affected the odds of participation. The most significant barriers to participation included the accessibility, affordability and practicality of the intervention. Conclusions: Women with recent GDM face multiple barriers to lifestyle change. Intervention designers should consider: (i) the practicalities of participation for this population, (ii) research designs that capitalise on motivational differences between participants, (iii) alleviating concerns about long-term diabetes management. We hope this work will support future researchers in developing interventions that are more relevant, effective and successful in recruiting the desired population.
Pregnancy Complications Lead to Subclinical Maternal Heart Dysfunction-The Importance and Benefits of Follow-Up Using Speckle Tracking Echocardiography; Pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are frequent and influence not only fetal outcomes but also the maternal cardiac function. GDM and HDP may act as a proxy for increased metabolic and cardiovascular risk later in life. Speckle tracking echocardiography (STE) is a relatively new imaging technique that provides more sensitive assessment than conventional echocardiography of the maternal cardiac function. Recent research suggests that STE can be used during pregnancy and postpartum as a useful method of early detection of subclinical maternal cardiac changes related to pregnancy complications, such as GDM and HDP, and as an indicator for future maternal cardiovascular disorders. The aim of this review was to underline the current value of STE in the follow-up protocol of high-risk pregnant women, as a mean for pre- and postpartum monitoring. A review of the literature was conducted in the PubMed database to select relevant articles regarding the association of STE changes and HDP or GDM in the prenatal and postpartum maternal evaluations. Both GDM and HDP are associated with subtle myocardial changes in shape, size and function; these preclinical cardiac changes, often missed by conventional evaluation, can be detected using STE. Left ventricular global circumferential strain might be an important predictor of maternal cardiovascular disorders and might help to define a high-risk group that requires regular monitoring later in life and timely intervention.
Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes contributes to subsequent adult metabolic syndrome; Obesity and diabetes have become globally epidemic. The cause of this unprecedented rise in obesity is multifactorial, with inactivity, excessive calorie intake, and genetic factors implicated. More recent data indicate that exposure to diabetes during pregnancy increases the risk of childhood and adult obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Evidence derived from recent randomized controlled trials indicates that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treatment reduces newborn obesity and therefore may contribute to reducing the global prevalence of obesity and metabolic syndrome. Current evidence detailing increases in global prevalence of obesity was reviewed together with data evaluating the effectiveness of treatment of GDM. Development of new protocols for diagnosis and treatment of GDM may reduce population obesity and cardiovascular disease.
Assessment of Cardiac Function in Fetuses of Gestational Diabetic Mothers During the Second Trimester; Fetuses of diabetic mothers may have structural or functional cardiac abnormalities which increase morbidity and mortality. Isolated functional abnormalities have been identified in the third trimester. The aim of the present study was to assess fetal cardiac function (systolic, diastolic, and global myocardial performance) in the second trimester in mothers with gestational diabetes, and also to relate cardiac function with glycemic control. Mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus referred for fetal cardiac evaluation in the second trimester (between 19 and 24 weeks) from March 2015 to February 2016 were enrolled as case subjects in this study. Non-diabetic mothers who had a fetal echocardiogram done between 19 and 24 weeks for other indications were enrolled as controls. Functional cardiac variables showed a statistically significant difference in isovolumetric relaxation and contraction times and the myocardial performance index and mitral E/A ratios in the gestational diabetic group (p = 0.003). Mitral annular plane systolic excursion was significantly less in the diabetic group (p = 0.01). The only functional cardiac variable found abnormal in mothers with poor glycemic control was the prolonged isovolumetric relaxation time. Functional cardiac abnormalities can be detected in the second trimester in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers and timely intervention can improve postnatal outcomes.
Practice patterns among healthcare professionals for screening, diagnosis, and management of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in selected countries of Asia, Africa, and Middle East; Background: Healthcare professionals (HCPs) face several challenges while treating women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and often get confused by the different diagnostic criteria recommended by different scientific organizations. A survey was carried out to understand the practices of physicians and obstetricians in South Asia, Africa, and the Middle East, to identify the screening methods and diagnostic criteria used by them for managing women with GDM in the respective countries. Materials and Methods: HCPs across three different regions including South Asia, Middle East, and Africa were contacted through professional diabetes organizations. An online survey designed with Google Forms was created. The link to the survey was shared with HCPs, and the responses were collected and stored in the Google Sheets which was later downloaded for analysis. Results: A total of 356 doctors participated in the survey. The survey covered a total of 18 countries: 3 in South Asia, 5 in Africa, and 10 in the Middle East. The vast majority of the HCPs (64.6%) screened all pregnant women for GDM. About 42.4% of them screened for GDM between 24 and 28 weeks, 21.1% screened before 12 weeks, and the rest carried out screening at different time points. With regard to the screening method, 58.5% of the HCPs responded that they followed the two-step process. However, when asked about the criteria used, the responses were inconsistent. The criteria of the International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Group (IADPSG) were used by 36.5% doctors and the 1999 criteria by the old World Health Organization (WHO) were used by 27.2%, and only 23.9% reported following the American Diabetes Association (ADA) criteria. Conclusion: This large international survey shows that there are still considerable inaccuracies in doctors following the recommended guidelines for GDM diagnosis. This reiterates the fact that more education and training will help HCPs to manage GDM better.
Incretins, Pregnancy, and Gestational Diabetes; The number of pregnant women affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing among Caucasians, and East Asians. GDM also increases the risk for later advent of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), obesity, and cardiovascular disease in both women and their offspring. The underlying mechanism of GDM is not fully elucidated. Incretins such as glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP), have been suggested to have a role in maternal metabolism and weight as well as fetal growth. These hormones might be implicated in mechanisms that compensate for the increment in glycemia and insulin resistance seen during pregnancy, while other factors, such as heredity, environment and lifestyle, but also different race/ethnic background might also lead to the comorbid health problems. Some studies indicate that pregnancy is associated with a diminished GLP-1 response which is more prominently evident in women with GDM and normalizes after delivery. Postprandial GIP level seems to be unaffected by pregnancy, despite its increased level in GDM. On the other hand, the reduced incretin effect observed in GDM may represent a risk factor for obesity, T2DM and metabolic disorders even in the offspring of these women. Further investigations are needed to establish the exact role of incretins in pregnancy and gestational glucose intolerance.
Correlation Between Circulating PCSK9 Levels and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in a Chinese Population; BackgroundPrevious studies reported that proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) was a key player in the regulations of lipid metabolism and glucose homeostasis. The current study aimed to detect the expression of PCSK9 in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and investigate the possible relationships between PCSK9 and related metabolic phenotypes in GDM. MethodsCirculating PCSK9 levels were determined by ELISA kit in a cohort of subjects with GDM (n = 170) and normal glucose tolerance (NGT; n = 130). We collected blood samples from all participants for the biochemical index determinations. Diagnosis of GDM was made according to the International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups Consensus Panel. Correlation analysis and logistic regression analysis were used to study the potential associations between PCSK9 and GDM. ResultsGDM women presented significantly higher circulating PCSK9 levels than those in NGT pregnant subjects (268.07 +/- 77.17 vs. 254.24 +/- 74.22 ng/ml, P < 0.05). In the GDM group, serum PCSK9 levels were positively correlated with fasting plasma glucose (FPG) (R = 0.251, P = 0.015), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) (R = 0.275, P = 0.009), total cholesterol (TC) (R = 0.273, P = 0.010), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (R = 0.326, P = 0.002) after adjustment of age and gestational age. Logistic regression found that age [odds ratio (OR) = 5.412, P = 0.02] and serum PCSK9 levels (OR = 4.696, P = 0.03) were independently associated with GDM. Compared with the lowest serum PCSK9 level quartile group, the prevalence of GDM was significantly higher in the highest quartile group, the ORs of GDM were 3.485 (95% CI 1.408-8.627, P < 0.05 for the trend), after adjusting for potential confounders. ConclusionsCirculating PCSK9 levels were associated with dyslipidemia, pathoglycemia, and the risk of incident GDM, indicating a potential link between PCSK9 and GDM.
Neonatal Myocardial Infarction in Association With Gestational Diabetes; Fetal and neonatal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a complication of gestational diabetes and usually follows a benign course. In this report, we present a rare case of a newborn of a diabetic mother with severe ventricular hypertrophy who developed myocardial infarction confirmed by elevated cardiac enzymes, electrocardiographic changes, and subendocardial ischemia on cardiac magnetic resonance imaging. Follow-up revealed complete functional myocardial recovery with normalisation of ventricular systolic and diastolic functions on serial echocardiograms.
Assessment of fetal myocardial performance index in women with pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus; AimFetal cardiac left ventricular function in pregnant women with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus was investigated by exploring fetal myocardial performance index (MPI) and E wave/A wave peak velocity (E/A) ratio. MethodsSeventy pregnant women with either pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus and with no other systemic or pregnancy related disorders were compared with 70 gestational age matched healthy controls by means of fetal left ventricular MPI and E/A ratio. Opening and closing clicks of the mitral and aortic valves were used to define the three time periods: ejection time (ET), isovolumetric contraction time (ICT) and isovolumetric relaxation time (IRT), which were employed in the calculation of MPI (MPI = [ICT + IRT]/ET). Statistical analyses were conducted using receiver operating characteristic analysis and independent two-sample t, Mann-Whitney U and chi-square tests. ResultsFetal left ventricular MPI values were significantly higher in the diabetic group compared with controls (0.56 0.09 vs 0.36 +/- 0.04, P < 0.001), whereas E/A ratio was lower (0.66 +/- 0.11 vs 0.69 +/- 0.09, P = 0.049). The adverse perinatal outcome rate was also higher in the diabetic group. Receiver operating characteristic analysis revealed > 0.39 as the optimal cut-off level for MPI in perinatal adverse outcome prediction (sensitivity: 90.9%, specificity: 47.7%, area under the curve: 0.690, 95% confidence interval: 0.598-0.782, P < 0.001). ConclusionsWe conclude that fetuses of diabetic mothers have significant left ventricular systolic and diastolic dysfunction. MPI may be used in the prediction of adverse perinatal outcome in diabetic pregnancies.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus and high maternal weight on the development of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease: a population-level analysis; AimsTo examine the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and high maternal weight and the risk of development of chronic disease. MethodsWomen with singleton deliveries between April 1999 and March 2010 in Alberta, Canada, were categorized according to pre-pregnancy weight (overweight91kg) and GDM status. Obstetric and neonatal outcomes, as well as the long-term incidence of maternal diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease were examined. ResultsOf 240083 women, 213765 (89%) had no GDM and were not overweight (reference group), 17587 (7.3%) were overweight only, 7332 (3%) had GDM only and 1399 (0.6%) had GDM and were overweight. Significant differences in Caesarean section rates, induction rates and birthweight were observed across the four groups. During a median follow-up of 5.3years, diabetes incidence was 36% in the GDM and overweight, 18.8% in the GDM only, 4.8% in the overweight only and 1.1% in the reference group. With respect to hypertension and cardiovascular disease, the GDM and overweight group had the highest rates (26.8% and 3.1%, respectively) and the reference group had the lowest rates (5.8% and 1.0%, respectively). However, rates were similar in the GDM only (14.9% and 1.9%, respectively) and overweight only groups (14.9% and 1.5%, respectively). ConclusionsNot surprisingly, the presence of both high maternal weight and GDM compounds the risk of developing diabetes. However, the association between overweight alone and GDM alone and hypertension and cardiovascular disease appears similar suggesting a need for effective interventions to manage both these conditions to improve the health of these patients.
Type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes mellitus in South Asian women in the United States; Aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major risk factor for type 2 diabetes. The incidence of both GDM and type 2 diabetes is exceedingly high in South Asian populations. However, the risk of type 2 diabetes after GDM in South Asian women in the United States is unknown. Methods: South Asians aged 40 to 84 years without known cardiovascular disease were enrolled in a community-based cohort called Mediators of Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America study. A history of GDM was elicited through self-report, and type 2 diabetes was ascertained by an oral glucose tolerance test. We performed a multivariable logistic regression analysis to examine the odds of type 2 diabetes after GDM history in this cross-sectional analysis. Results: About 9.7% of women in the Mediators of Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America study self-reported a history of GDM, and were significantly younger, with higher mean diastolic blood pressure and self-reported weight at age 20 and 40 years than women without a history of GDM. In a model adjusted for age, weight at age 40, family history of diabetes, education, income, physical activity, caloric intake, alcohol use, and cigarette smoking, women with a history of GDM had increased odds of having type 2 diabetes compared with women without GDM (OR 3.2; 95% CI 1.3, 7.5). Conclusions: A history of GDM further increases the risk of type 2 diabetes in US South Asian women. Our findings underscore the importance of early postpartum screening in a population at high risk for type 2 diabetes.
Gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of cardiovascular disease in women with a family history of type 2 diabetes; OBJECTIVE - We sought to determine whether a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) further increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in parous women with first-degree relatives with type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Women with (n = 332) and without (n = 663) a history of GDM were compared regarding 1) the revised National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III metabolic syndrome criteria, 2) the prevalence of type 2 diabetes, and 3) self-reported CVD. RESULTS -' Women with prior GDM were younger (48.6 +/- 0.7 vs. 52.4 +/- 0.6 years [means - SE]; P < 0.001) and less likely to be postmenopausal (48.3 vs. 57.9%; P < 0.005). Although both groups were obese (BMI 34.4 +/- 1.2 vs. 33.7 +/- 0.6 kg/m(2)), women with prior GDM were more likely to have metabolic syndrome (86.6 vs. 73.5%; P < 0.001) and type 2 diabetes (93.4% vs. 63.3%; P < 0.001). Moreover, they had a higher prevalence of CVD (15.5 vs. 12.4%; adjusted odds ratio 1.85 [95% CI 1.21-2.82]; P = 0.005) that occurred at a younger age (45.5 +/- 2.2 vs. 52.5 +/- 1.9 years; P = 0.02) and was independent of metabolic syndrome (1.74 [1.10-2.76]; P = 0.02) and type 2 diabetes (1.56 [1.002-2.43]; P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS - Among women with a family history of type 2 diabetes, those with prior GDM were even more likely to not only have CVD risk factors, including metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes, but also to have experienced CVD events, which occurred at a younger age. Thus, women with both a family history of type 2 diabetes and personal history of GDM may be especially suitable for early interventions aimed at preventing or reducing their risk of CVD and diabetes.
Ultrasonographic visceral fat thickness in the first trimester can predict metabolic syndrome and gestational diabetes mellitus; The aim of this study is to evaluate whether ultrasonographic visceral fat thickness measurement in the early gestational period is useful for predicting the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and metabolic syndrome (MS). The visceral fat thickness and subcutaneous fat thickness were measured via ultrasound at the first prenatal visit. The correlation between visceral and subcutaneous fat thickness and MS parameters, such as dyslipidemia, hypertension, and insulin resistance, was assessed. We also compared the use of visceral fat thickness measurement with body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference (WC) measurements for predicting the development of GDM. The subcutaneous fat thickness was found to be similar in the normal glucose metabolism and GDM groups at the first visit, whereas the visceral fat thickness was found to be considerably higher in the GDM groups (p=0.04). The visceral fat thickness in the early stage of the gestation was correlated with hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia, high diastolic blood pressure, and insulin resistance. In contrast to subcutaneous fat thickness, BMI, and WC, only the visceral fat thickness was correlated with insulin resistance. The subcutaneous and visceral fat thicknesses at the first visit were significantly higher in the MS group (p=0.02). There was a good correlation between visceral and subcutaneous fat thicknesses (r=0.492, p<0.001); however, there were poor correlations between visceral fat thickness and BMI and WC (r=0.338, p=0.01; r=0.312, p=0.02). The visceral fat thickness seemed to be a more sensitive predictor of GDM than WC and BMI. The optimal cutoff points for predicting GDM were visceral fat thickness 19.5 mm [area under curve (AUC)=0.66, p=0.043], WC 103.5 cm (AUC=0.64, p=0.079), and BMI 34.5 (AUC=0.64, p=0.069). Ultrasonographic visceral fat thickness measurement in the early period of gestation may be an easy, safe, and cost-effective scan test for predicting the development of metabolic diseases and GDM.
Computerized analysis of fetal heart rate in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, intrauterine growth restriction and premature rupture of membranes; Methods. The study population consisted of 100 pregnant women affected by GDM on diet therapy, 100 pregnant women affected by GDM on insulin therapy, 100 pregnant women affected by PIH, 100 pregnant women affected by IUGR, 100 with premature rupture of membranes far from the term (pPROM) and 100 normal pregnancies matched for age, parity and gestation as controls. The 30-min FHR tracing was analyzed by computer. Results. Baseline FHR, the duration of episodes of low variation and short-term variation was significantly higher in pregnancies complicated by gestational diseases than in controls; only in PIH, IUGR and pPROM were a significant reduction of the numbers of fetal movements. Conclusions. Our study demonstrates that pregnancies complicated by gestational diseases do an impact on FHR. The alteration is slight but evident; it reflects fetal well-being. Computerized FHR tracing analysis may improve the clinical care and the timing of delivery.
Gestational Diabetes, Maternal Obesity, and the NCD Burden; A greater proportion of women of reproductive age are now overweight or obese. Gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity are associated with long-term adverse consequences in the offspring and subsequent generations, and are important drivers of the escalating global burden of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. We review the evidence linking gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity with a greater risk of metabolic compromise in the offspring. We use an evolutionary perspective to elucidate the origins of gestational diabetes. Focusing efforts on maternal health is an important approach to combating the growing burden of diabetes and other noncommunicable diseases.
Clinical Features and Outcomes of Acute Coronary Syndrome in Women With Previous Pregnancy Complications; Background: Women with previous cardiometabolic complications of pregnancy experience double the risk of cardiovascular disease. However, few data exist on the clinical effect of these complications at the time of an acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The objective of this work was to compare risk factors, clinical features, and outcomes among women with premature ACS with or without previous pregnancy complications (gestational diabetes and/or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy). Methods: Data were obtained from a multicentre cohort of individuals hospitalized with premature ACS. A total of 251 parous women were included and provided obstetric history and blood samples. They were followed for the development of major adverse cardiac events at 12 months. Results: At presentation with ACS, women with a previous pregnancy complication (38%) were slightly younger than were women without such complications (47.4 +/- 6.2 vs 49.1 +/- 5.6 years; P = 0.002). They also had more traditional atherosclerotic risk factors. Specifically, women with previous preeclampsia were more likely to have chronic hypertension and an elevated ratio of soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase: placental growth factor. There was no between-group difference in Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events (GRACE) score or troponin tertile but there was a trend toward higher risk of ST-elevation myocardial infarction in women who had a previous pregnancy complication (odds ratio, 1.80; 95% confidence interval, 1.00-3.23; P = 0.05). There was also an increased risk of recurrent ACS at 12 months in women with previous preeclampsia (hazard ratio, 6.79; 95% confidence interval, 1.37-33.63; P = 0.02). Conclusions: Among a cohort of women with ACS, previous pregnancy complications were associated with more severe disease and poorer outcome.
Thiamine supplementation to prevent induction of low birth weight by conventional therapy for gestational diabetes mellitus; Conventional treatment for gestational diabetes mellitus increases the proportion of infants born with a low birth weight, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus in later life. Thiamine supplementation during pregnancy may be shown to be a safe preventive measure. During pregnancy, approximately 50% of the women develop a biochemical thiamine deficiency, whereas the thiamine status falls, but remains within normal limits, in most other women. Thiamine is essential for glucose oxidation, insulin production by pancreatic beta-cells and cell growth. It is therefore likely that thiamine supplementation in pregnant women not only improves their glucose tolerance but also stimulates the intra-uterine growth, thereby preventing a low birth weight to ensue from conventional therapy which only improves glucose tolerance. (C) 2000 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
Leptin and Nutrition in Gestational Diabetes; Leptin is highly expressed in the placenta, mainly by trophoblastic cells, where it has an important autocrine trophic effect. Moreover, increased leptin levels are found in the most frequent pathology of pregnancy: gestational diabetes, where leptin may mediate the increased size of the placenta and the fetus, which becomes macrosomic. In fact, leptin mediates the increased protein synthesis, as observed in trophoblasts from gestational diabetic subjects. In addition, leptin seems to facilitate nutrients transport to the fetus in gestational diabetes by increasing the expression of the glycerol transporter aquaporin-9. The high plasma leptin levels found in gestational diabetes may be potentiated by leptin resistance at a central level, and obesity-associated inflammation plays a role in this leptin resistance. Therefore, the importance of anti-inflammatory nutrients to modify the pathology of pregnancy is clear. In fact, nutritional intervention is the first-line approach for the treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus. However, more nutritional intervention studies with nutraceuticals, such as polyphenols or polyunsaturated fatty acids, or nutritional supplementation with micronutrients or probiotics in pregnant women, are needed in order to achieve a high level of evidence. In this context, the Mediterranean diet has been recently found to reduce the risk of gestational diabetes in a multicenter randomized trial. This review will focus on the impact of maternal obesity on placental inflammation and nutrients transport, considering the mechanisms by which leptin may influence maternal and fetal health in this setting, as well as its role in pregnancy pathologies.
Significance of Obstetrical History with Future Cardiovascular Disease Risk; The maternal cardiovascular system undergoes profound changes to support the increasing demands of fetal growth during pregnancy. An accumulating body of evidence has shown that common pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, low birth weight, and preterm delivery, can be associated with future cardiovascular adverse events in mothers. Factors such as glucose metabolism, hyperlipidemia, inflammatory markers, and large-and small-vessel stiffness/functionality have been linked with these pregnancy conditions. Critically, there are no established guidelines to account for these maternal factors when considering future cardiovascular disease risk, one of the leading causes of female mortality. This article reviews the study of cardiovascular disease and pregnancy, and proposes possible connections that should spur future investigation in an area of medicine that requires significant research. (C) 2019 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Effect of well-controlled gestational diabetes on left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in neonates; Background: There are some evidences supporting the relation between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and diastolic dysfunction. The aim of our study was to investigate the effect of well-controlled GDM on morphological and functional myocardium. Materials and methods: We designed a prospective cross-sectional study to evaluate left ventricular (LV) diastolic function of 60 neonates born from mothers with well-controlled GDM (case group) on days of 3-5 after birth. The infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) group were divided into two groups: diabetic mothers treated only with diet (class A) and group of mothers on medical therapy by insulin or metformin (class B). Traditional echocardiography and pulsed-wave Doppler (PWD), tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) were performed for all the neonates. Results: The study group consisted of 60 neonates as males (M) = 32, (0.53%) and females (F) = 28, (0.46%). Using M-mode echocardiography, interventricular septum thickness (IVS), and LV mass were significantly higher in IDM than control group (p = .0001). The PWD showed both a significantly more peak mitral flow at early diastolic wave (E) and an early filling deceleration time (E-DT) (p = .0001). Tissue Doppler echocardiography parameters A ' (cm/s) (p = .0001), E ' (cm/s) (p = .002), and E '/A ' ratio (p = .0001), left ventricular myocardial performance index (LVMPI), and isovolumetric relaxation time (IVRT) were outstandingly different between the two groups (p = .0001, respectively). Evaluating the GDM group mothers of class A and class B, no significant difference was noted in PWD or TDI parameters compared with the healthy ones. Conclusions: It seems that neonates of mothers with well-controlled GDM are still at increased risk of cardiac hypertrophy, subclinical diastolic dysfunction, and impaired left ventricular relaxation. This can be interpreted that focusing only on glycemic control is not enough to prevent cardiac dysfunction.
Precision stratification of prognostic risk factors associated with outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review; BackgroundThe objective of this systematic review is to identify prognostic factors among women and their offspring affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), focusing on endpoints of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2D) for women, and cardiometabolic profile for offspring.MethodsThis review included studies published in English language from January 1st, 1990, through September 30th, 2021, that focused on the above outcomes of interest with respect to sociodemographic factors, lifestyle and behavioral characteristics, traditional clinical traits, and 'omics biomarkers in the mothers and offspring during the perinatal/postpartum periods and across the lifecourse. Studies that did not report associations of prognostic factors with outcomes of interest among GDM-exposed women or children were excluded.ResultsHere, we identified 109 publications comprising 98 observational studies and 11 randomized-controlled trials. Findings indicate that GDM severity, maternal obesity, race/ethnicity, and unhealthy diet and physical activity levels predict T2D and CVD in women, and greater cardiometabolic risk in offspring. However, using the Diabetes Canada 2018 Clinical Practice Guidelines for studies, the level of evidence was low due to potential for confounding, reverse causation, and selection biases.ConclusionsGDM pregnancies with greater severity, as well as those accompanied by maternal obesity, unhealthy diet, and low physical activity, as well as cases that occur among women who identify as racial/ethnic minorities are associated with worse cardiometabolic prognosis in mothers and offspring. However, given the low quality of evidence, prospective studies with detailed covariate data collection and high fidelity of follow-up are warranted. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) occurs when levels of sugar in the blood are high during pregnancy. We sought to identify factors associated with short- and long-term cardiometabolic disease risk, health conditions that involve heart-related issues and complications in bodily function, among women with GDM and their offspring. We reviewed publications on factors related to type 2 diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk among women with GDM, and additionally assessed body composition in offspring of women with GDM. We found that GDM severity, maternal obesity, self-identified race/ethnicity, poor diet, and low physical activity levels predict postpartum T2D and CVD in the women, and unfavorable long-term cardiometabolic disease risk in offspring. The quality of evidence was poor, emphasizing a need for high-quality research capturing detailed short- and long-term outcome data to facilitate preventative interventions to improve health of women and children. Semnani-Azad et al. review the evidence on prognostic factors that predict cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes for women, and cardiometabolic profile in offspring subsequent to gestational diabetes. The evidence was of low quality, but some maternal characteristics were predictive of unfavourable outcomes in women and their offspring.
Quantifying fetal heart health in gestational diabetes: a new approach with fetal heart quantification technology; Objective: This study aimed to assess the impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on fetal heart structure and function using a technique called fetal heart quantification (Fetal HQ), with a focus on mitochondrial dynamics, which employs advanced imaging technology for comprehensive analysis. Methods: A total of 180 fetuses with normal heart structures, aged 24-40 weeks of gestation, were examined. A 2-3 s cine loop in the standard four-chamber oblique view was captured and analyzed using the speckle-tracking technique with Fetal HQ. Various echocardiographic parameters were evaluated, including four-chamber view (4CV), global spherical index (GSI), global longitudinal strain (GLS), 24-segment spherical index (SI), ventricular fractional area change (FAC), cardiac output (CO), and stroke volume (SV). These parameters were compared between the GDM group and the control group during two gestational periods: 24+0 to 28+0 weeks and 28+1 to 40+1 weeks. Statistical analysis was performed using independent samples t-tests and Mann-Whitney U tests to identify significant differences. Results: Twenty fetuses from mothers with GDM and 40 from the control group were recruited at 24+0 to 28+0 weeks. At 28+1 to 40+1 weeks, 40 fetuses from mothers with GDM and 80 from the control group were recruited. The fetal left ventricular global longitudinal function was similar between the GDM and control groups. However, compared to the controls, right ventricular function in the GDM group was lower only at 28+1 to 40+1 weeks. In the GDM group, the global spherical index (GSI) was lower than in the control group at 28+1 to 40+1 weeks (1.175 vs. 1.22; p = 0.001). There were significant decreases in ventricular FAC (38.74% vs. 42.83%; p < 0.0001) and 4CV GLS for the right ventricle (-22.27% vs. -26.31%; p = 0.005) at 28+1 to 40+1 weeks. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that GDM is associated with decreased right ventricular function in the fetal heart, particularly during the later stages of pregnancy (28+1 to 40+1 weeks), compared to fetuses from healthy pregnancies. The Fetal HQ technique represents a valuable tool for evaluating the structure and function of fetal hearts affected by GDM during the advanced stages of pregnancy.
Mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy and risk of cardiovascular disease: a population-based cohort study; Background: Pregnant women commonly receive screening for gestational diabetes mellitus by use of a 50 g glucose challenge test, followed by a diagnostic oral glucose tolerance test for those whose glucose challenge test result is abnormal. Although women with gestational diabetes have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, it is not known whether mild glucose intolerance during pregnancy is also associated with cardiovascular disease. Thus, we sought to determine whether pregnant women with an abnormal glucose challenge test result but without gestational diabetes have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Methods: We conducted a retrospective population-based cohort study that included all women in Ontario aged 20-49 years with live deliveries between April 1994 and March 1998. We excluded women with pregestational diabetes. The population was stratified into 3 cohorts: women with gestational diabetes (n = 13 888); women who received an antepartum oral glucose tolerance test (suggestive of an abnormal result of the glucose challenge test) but who did not have gestational diabetes (n = 71 831); and women who did not receive an oral glucose tolerance test (suggestive of a normal result of the glucose challenge test) (n = 349 977). The primary outcome was cardiovascular disease (admission to hospital for acute myocardial infarction, coronary bypass, coronary angioplasty, stroke or carotid endarterectomy). Results: Compared with women who did not receive an oral glucose tolerance test, women with gestational diabetes and women who received an oral glucose tolerance test but did not have gestational diabetes had a higher risk of cardiovascular disease over 12.3 years of median follow-up (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] for women with gestational diabetes 1.66, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.30-2.13, p < 0.001; adjusted HR for those with an oral glucose test but not gestational diabetes 1.19, 95% CI 1.02-1.39, p = 0.03). Interpretation: Mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy may be associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
Effect of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus on the Growth, Development, and Stem Cells of Offspring; The effects of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on offspring include macrosomia, hypoglycemia, respiratory distress syndrome, cardiovascular disease, neural and mental injury, etc. The effects of GDM on the health status of offspring are sustained although pregnancy has ended. It has been proposed that fetal reprogramming causes long-term consequences to metabolic health in offspring. An intrauterine high-glucose environment may lead to changes in the multi-differentiation proficiency of intracorporal stem cells, showing decreased proliferation and osteogenic ability, increased adipogenic ability, accelerated apoptosis, and occurrence of premature failure. This environment also reduces the mobilization of bone marrow stem cells, whereas it increases that of medullary cells. This results in pro-inflammatory conditions and sustained inflammation in the body, thereby increasing the risk of obesity, cardiovascular and neurological disorders, and metabolic abnormalities. Stem cells derived from the amniotic membrane, umbilical cord, or placenta may be a reliable predictor of the long-term effects of GDM on offspring. The levels of blood glucose during pregnancy should be effectively controlled to reduce harm to the neonate.
Prevalence and risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus in Asia: a systematic review and meta-analysis; BackgroundGestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a of the major public health issues in Asia. The present study aimed to determine the prevalence of, and risk factors for GDM in Asia via a systematic review and meta-analysis.MethodsWe systematically searched PubMed, Ovid, Scopus and ScienceDirect for observational studies in Asia from inception to August 2017. We selected cross sectional studies reporting the prevalence and risk factors for GDM. A random effects model was used to estimate the pooled prevalence of GDM and odds ratio (OR) with 95% confidence interval (CI).ResultsEighty-four studies with STROBE score14 were included in our analysis. The pooled prevalence of GDM in Asia was 11.5% (95% CI 10.9-12.1). There was considerable heterogeneity (I-2>95%) in the prevalence of GDM in Asia, which is likely due to differences in diagnostic criteria, screening methods and study setting. Meta-analysis demonstrated that the risk factors of GDM include history of previous GDM (OR 8.42, 95% CI 5.35-13.23); macrosomia (OR 4.41, 95% CI 3.09-6.31); and congenital anomalies (OR 4.25, 95% CI 1.52-11.88). Other risk factors include a BMI 25kg/m(2) (OR 3.27, 95% CI 2.81-3.80); pregnancy-induced hypertension (OR 3.20, 95% CI 2.19-4.68); family history of diabetes (OR 2.77, 2.22-3.47); history of stillbirth (OR 2.39, 95% CI 1.68-3.40); polycystic ovary syndrome (OR 2.33, 95% CI1.72-3.17); history of abortion (OR 2.25, 95% CI 1.54-3.29); age25 (OR 2.17, 95% CI 1.96-2.41); multiparity 2 (OR 1.37, 95% CI 1.24-1.52); and history of preterm delivery (OR 1.93, 95% CI 1.21-3.07).ConclusionWe found a high prevalence of GDM among the Asian population. Asian women with common risk factors especially among those with history of previous GDM, congenital anomalies or macrosomia should receive additional attention from physician as high-risk cases for GDM in pregnancy.Trial registrationPROSPERO (2017: CRD42017070104).
Serum levels of adipocyte fatty acid binding protein are increased in gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: Adipocyte fatty acid binding protein (AFABP) was recently introduced as a novel adipokine, serum levels or which independently correlate with the development of the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease in humans. In the current. study, we investigated serum concentrations of AFABP in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) as compared with healthy pregnant controls matched for gestational age and fasting insulin. Design and methods: AFABP was determined by ELISA in controls (n = 80) and GDM patients (n = 40) and correlated to clinical and biochemical measures of renal function, glucose and lipid metabolism, as well as inflammation, in both groups. Results: Median serum APABP concentrations were significantly elevated in subjects with GDM (22.9 mu g/l) as compared with healthy pregnant controls (18.3 mu g/l: P < 0.05). Furthermore, GDM was independently associated with AFABP concentrations in multiple regression analysis (P<0.05). In addition, markers of adiposity (body mass index, serum leptin), triglycerides and serum creatinine were independently associated with circulating AFABP (P<0.05). Conclusions: Maternal AFABP concentrations are significantly increased in GDM. The adipokine might contribute to the increased metabolic and cardiovascular risk of the disease.
Carotid Intimal-Medial Thickness Is Not Increased in Women with Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is known to increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases. Measuring the carotid artery intimal-medial thickness (CIMT) is a non-invasive technique used to evaluate early atherosclerosis and to predict future cardiovascular diseases. We examined the association between CIMT and cardiovascular risk factors in young Korean women with previous GDM. Methods: One hundred one women with previous GDM and 19 women who had normal pregnancies (NP) were recruited between 1999 and 2002. At one year postpartum, CIMT was measured using high-resolution B-mode ultrasonography, and oral glucose tolerance tests were performed. Fasting glucose, glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), insulin levels and lipid profiles were also measured. CIMTs in the GDM and NP groups were compared, and the associations between CIMT and cardiovascular risk factors were analyzed in the GDM group. Results: CIMT results of the GDM group were not significantly different from those of the NP group (GDM, 0.435 +/- 0.054 mm; NP, 0.460 +/- 0.046 mm; P=0.069). In the GDM group, a higher HbA1c was associated with an increase in CIMT after age adjustment (P=0.011). CIMT results in the group with HbA1c >6.0% were higher than those of the normal HbA1c (HbA1c <= 6.0%) (P=0.010). Nine of the patients who are type 2 diabetes mellitus converters within one year postpartum but showed no significant difference in CIMT results compared to NP group. Conclusion: Higher HbA1c is associated with an increase in CIMT in women with previous GDM. However, CIMT at one year postpartum was not increased in these women compared to that in NP women.
Homocysteine levels in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Previous gestational diabetes (pGDM) is a risk factor of type 2 diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular diseases. Homocysteine is one of markers of cardiovascular risk. The aim of this study was to assess the homocysteine levels in women with pGDM and to evaluate its relationship with current carbohydrate metabolism and nourishment status. Methods: The study group comprised 199 women at 7.8 +/- 1.0 years after pGDM and 50 control women in whom pGDM was excluded. The analyzed parameters: BMI, WHR, body composition (Tanita SC-330S analyzer), glucose and insulin levels in oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR), HbA1c, lipid profile, homocysteine, creatinine and creatinine clearance. The Mann-Whitney test and Chi-squared test were used for comparison of continuous and nominal variables, respectively. Correlations between continuous variables in each group were analyzed using Spearman's rank correlation coefficient (Rs). A logarithmic transformation was applied for variables with non-normal distribution. Results: There were no differences between the pGDM women and controls in terms of age, number of childbirths, time from indexed pregnancy, pre-pregnancy BMI, or current anthropometric parameters. In pGDM women HbA1c and all glucose levels in OGTT were significantly higher, but still within the normal range. No significant differences were found in homocysteine levels, HOMA-IR, blood lipids, creatinine and creatinine clearance. Homocysteine levels did not differ significantly in subgroups categorized according to the current OGTT results or BMI. Carbohydrate metabolism disorders, overweight and obesity were associated with higher creatinine clearance. Positive correlation between homocysteine and creatinine (r = 0.21, p < 0.004), and a negative correlation with creatinine clearance (r = -0.16, p < 0.03) were found. Conclusions: In women with pGDM, homocysteine is not a marker of glucose tolerance disturbances and cardiovascular risk. Increased glomerular filtration rate, observed in more severe disorders of carbohydrate metabolism and greater BMI, may temporarily protect against an increase of proatherogenic homocysteine.
Echocardiographic Evaluation of Infants Born to Mothers with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Cross-sectional Analytical Study; Introduction: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a chronic and progressive disease characterised by changes in the metabolism of carbohydrates, lipids, and proteins, leading to glucose intolerance. The foetal heart in GDM is affected throughout the gestational period, which may result in hyperplasia and hypertrophy of myocardial cells. Aim: To determine the cardiac function and structural changes in infants of gestational diabetic mothers using Dopplerechocardiographic data. Materials and Methods: A cross-sectional analytical study was conducted on 30 infants of mothers with GDM and 30 infants of non diabetic mothers at the Department of Physiology, R.G. Kar Medical College and Hospital, in collaboration with the Departments of Paediatric Medicine and Cardiology from January 2023 to August 2023. Neonatal screening echocardiography was performed by a cardiologist using a Philips Echocardiograph machine, Model: EPIQ 7C, Software Version: 4.0.2, with a linear convex probe of S8-3 MHz frequency to assess cardiac structure and function using 2D, M mode, and Conventional Doppler. The parameters studied included aortic root diameter (mm), left atrial diameter (mm), Interventricular Septal (IVS) in diastole (mm), left ventricular posterior wall thickness in diastole (mm), left ventricular internal diameter in diastole (mm), left ventricular internal diameter in end systole (mm), left ventricular fractional shortening (%), and left ventricular ejection fraction (%). Statistical analysis was performed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version-20.0 with an Independent Student's t-test. Results: The mean gestational age for the cases was 38.50 +/- 2.57 weeks and 39.30 +/- 1.97 weeks for controls. The mean maternal age for cases was 25 +/- 4.37 years and for controls was 27 +/- 5.03 years. The left atrial diameter in cases (12.83 +/- 2.14 mm) was significantly smaller than that of the control (14.20 +/- 0.55 mm). The left ventricular posterior wall diameter in diastole was significantly increased in cases (4.53 +/- 0.50 mm) compared to controls (3.87 +/- 0.35 mm). Significant differences were observed in the interventricular septum in diastole {cases: 4.73 +/- 0.45 mm, control: 3.97 +/- 0.32 mm} and in the left ventricular internal diameter in end systole {cases: 12.30 +/- 1.84 mm, control: 13.83 +/- 1.02 mm} between cases and controls. Aortic root diameter was increased in 13.3% of cases. The percentage of left ventricular fractional shortening (cases: 35.47 +/- 3.74 %, Control: 38.53 +/- 2.43 %), Left Ventricular Ejection fraction (cases: 67.63 +/- 4.52 %, control: 72.17 +/- 4.89 %) were significantly decreased in cases compared to control. Conclusion: The present study demonstrated the development of ventricular hypertrophy and compromised myocardial contractility in infants of diabetic mothers.
Leptin and adiponectin as predictors of cardiovascular risk after gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life, but the mechanism remains unclear. Adipokine imbalance in the presence of metabolic dysfunction may be a key event in promoting CVD. The aim of the study was to examine the relationships between GDM, cardiovascular risk, and plasma adiponectin, leptin and the leptin/adiponectin (L/A) ratio in pregnancy and at 5 years after the index pregnancy. Methods: This population-based prospective cohort included 300 women who had an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy. Five years later, the OGTT was repeated along with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, lipid analysis, and pulse wave velocity analysis. Fasting adiponectin and leptin levels were measured four times during pregnancy and at follow-up. Results: We found the L/A ratio higher in GDM women both during pregnancy and follow-up compared to non-GDM women. A high L/A ratio during pregnancy was associated with CV risk based on lipid ratios at follow-up, especially the TG/HDL-C ratio. Further, interaction analysis indicated that an increase in the L/A ratio of 1 unit was associated with a higher CV risk in GDM compared to normal pregnancy. Finally, low adiponectin levels independently predicted increased lipid ratios at follow-up. Conclusions: Taken together, our findings suggest that high L/A ratio in pregnancy and in particularly in those with GDM are associated with an unfavorable CVD risk profile during follow-up. Future studies should investigate if a dysregulated leptin and adiponectin profile during pregnancy is associated with atherosclerotic disease during long-term follow-up.
Mechanisms of Endothelial Dysfunction in Pre-eclampsia and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Windows Into Future Cardiometabolic Health?; Placental insufficiency and adipose tissue dysregulation are postulated to play key roles in the pathophysiology of both pre-eclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). A dysfunctional release of deleterious signaling motifs can offset an increase in circulating oxidative stressors, pro-inflammatory factors and various cytokines. It has been previously postulated that endothelial dysfunction, instigated by signaling from endocrine organs such as the placenta and adipose tissue, may be a key mediator of the vasculopathy that is evident in both adverse obstetric complications. These signaling pathways also have significant effects on long term maternal cardiometabolic health outcomes, specifically cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and type II diabetes. Recent studies have noted that both PE and GDM are strongly associated with lower maternal flow-mediated dilation, however the exact pathways which link endothelial dysfunction to clinical outcomes in these complications remains in question. The current diagnostic regimen for both PE and GDM lacks specificity and consistency in relation to clinical guidelines. Furthermore, current therapeutic options rely largely on clinical symptom control such as antihypertensives and insulin therapy, rather than that of early intervention or prophylaxis. A better understanding of the pathogenic origin of these obstetric complications will allow for more targeted therapeutic interventions. In this review we will explore the complex signaling relationship between the placenta and adipose tissue in PE and GDM and investigate how these intricate pathways affect maternal endothelial function and, hence, play a role in acute pathophysiology and the development of future chronic maternal health outcomes.
Rheumatoid arthritis and cardiovascular complications during delivery: a United States inpatient analysis; Background and Aims Persons with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) have an increased risk of obstetric-associated complications, as well as long-term cardiovascular (CV) risk. Hence, the aim was to evaluate the association of RA with acute CV complications during delivery admissions. Methods Data from the National Inpatient Sample (2004-2019) were queried utilizing ICD-9 or ICD-10 codes to identify delivery hospitalizations and a diagnosis of RA. Results A total of 12 789 722 delivery hospitalizations were identified, of which 0.1% were among persons with RA (n = 11 979). Individuals with RA, vs. those without, were older (median 31 vs. 28 years, P < .01) and had a higher prevalence of chronic hypertension, chronic diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus, obesity, and dyslipidaemia (P < .01). After adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, comorbidities, insurance, and income, RA remained an independent risk factor for peripartum CV complications including preeclampsia [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 1.37 (95% confidence interval 1.27-1.47)], peripartum cardiomyopathy [aOR 2.10 (1.11-3.99)], and arrhythmias [aOR 2.00 (1.68-2.38)] compared with no RA. Likewise, the risk of acute kidney injury and venous thromboembolism was higher with RA. An overall increasing trend of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus, and acute CV complications was also observed among individuals with RA from 2004-2019. For resource utilization, length of stay and cost of hospitalization were higher for deliveries among persons with RA. Conclusions Pregnant persons with RA had higher risk of preeclampsia, peripartum cardiomyopathy, arrhythmias, acute kidney injury, and venous thromboembolism during delivery hospitalizations. Furthermore, cardiometabolic risk factors among pregnant individuals with RA rose over this 15-year period.
Assessing the consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus on offspring's cardiovascular health: MySweetHeart Cohort study protocol, Switzerland; Introduction Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a state of glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy. GDM carries prenatal and perinatal risks as well as long-term risks for the mother and her child. GDM may be involved in the foetal programming of long-term cardiovascular health. However, evidence is sparse and the effect of GDM on cardiovascular health is unknown. To address these issues, we will conduct MySweetHeart Cohort study. The objectives are to assess the effect of GDM on offspring's cardiovascular health early in life by using surrogate markers of cardiovascular disease and atherosclerosis. Methods and analysis This is a cohort study of 100 offspring of women with GDM and 100 offspring of women without GDM. At inclusion, a baseline assessment of the mothers will be conducted through means of self-report questionnaires, a researcher-administrated interview, blood pressure and anthropometric measurements, and a maternal blood sampling. Between the 30th and 34th weeks of gestation, a foetal echography will be performed to assess the foetal cardiac structure and function, the fetomaternal circulation and the hepatic volume. At birth, maternal and neonatal characteristics will be assessed. An echocardiography will be performed to assess cardiac structure and function 2-7 days after birth; carotid intimamedia thickness will be also measured to assess vascular structure. MySweetHeart Cohort is linked to MySweetHeart Trial (clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02890693), a randomised controlled trial assessing the effect of a multidimensional interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention to improve the cardiometabolic and mental health of women with GDM and their offspring. A long-term follow-up of children is planned. Ethics and dissemination Ethical approval has been obtained through the state Human Research Ethics Committee of the Canton de Vaud (study number 2016-00745). We aim to disseminate the findings through regional, national and international conferences and through peer-reviewed journals.
Expected probability of congenital heart disease and clinical utility of fetal echocardiography in pregnancies with pre-gestational diabetes; Objectives: To establish a prediction model for fetal congenital heart disease (CHD) that could facilitate selective fetal echocardiography screening for diabetic women, and to provide cost analysis of selective versus global screening of these women. Study design: A historical cohort study included women with pre-gestational diabetes who received perinatal care at Mayo Clinic, Minnesota from 2007 through 2013. Anatomical scans and fetal echocardiograms were reviewed and charts for postnatal outcomes were abstracted. Logistic regression models were utilized to identify predictors of CHD. Cost of global versus selective screening was estimated using cost per case detected. Results: A cohort of 152 women was included. Abnormal anatomy scan was reported in five (3.3%). Among 51 (33.6%) who had fetal echocardiography, eight (15.7%) had abnormal findings. Postnatal echocardiography was conducted in 36 neonates, 12 had abnormalities. Only first trimester HbA1c was independent predictor with observed incidence of CHD of 1.8, 14.3, and 40% and HbA1c of <8, 8-10, and >10% respectively. Global screening strategy missed 22% of fetal cardiac abnormalities, while selective screening missed 33%. Conclusions: According to our probability model, selective screening based on HbA1c and/or anatomic surveys seems to be an accurate and cost effective strategy for prenatal diagnosis of CHD among diabetic pregnancies. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fetal cardiac geometry and function in pregnancies with well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus using Fetal HQ; Objective To determine whether abnormal cardiac shape and ventricular global, transverse, and longitudinal contractility are present in fetuses of women with well-controlled GDM. Methods A prospective observational study was performed on 80 fetuses of women with well-controlled GDM and 90 control fetuses. Using Fetal HQ, a new speckle-tracking technique, cardiac shape, global contractility, transverse contractility, and longitudinal contractility were calculated. The number and percentage of fetuses with z score values below 5th or above 95th were computed. Results Compared with controls, there were no significant differences in the frequency of cardiac geometric abnormalities in GDM fetuses. Despite good glycemic control, 60.0% of fetuses in the well-controlled GDM group had one or more types of global, longitudinal, and transverse contractility abnormalities of one or both ventricles, but more frequent on the right ventricle (RV, 50%). The most frequent abnormality of the RV occurred in the transverse contractility (35%), followed by abnormalities of global contractility (25%), and longitudinal contractility (21.3%), compared with controls. The left ventricle (LV) analysis demonstrated that the percentage of study fetuses with only transverse contractility abnormality (18.8%) was significantly higher. Conclusions Despite good glycemic control, abnormal ventricular contractility was present in fetuses of women with GDM, but more frequent in the RV. For both the RV and LV, transverse ventricular contractility abnormality were more prevalent than abnormal global and longitudinal contractility. Fetuses of women with GDM should be evaluated for ventricular contractility abnormality and have more follow-ups despite good glycemic control.
Placental atherosclerosis and markers of endothelial dysfunction in infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes; Background and objective: The pathophysiology of gestational diabetes itself causes hyperstimulation of adipose tissue and of the placenta cells increasing the production of inflammatory cytokines, which cause changes in the tissues exposed such as the placenta and foetus. Therefore, the objective of this study was to compare metabolic markers and endothelial dysfunction in umbilical cord blood, as well as to determine the presence of atherosclerosis in the placentas of newborn infants of patients with gestational diabetes and in patients with normally progressing pregnancies. Patients and method: An analytical cross-sectional study was carried out in 84 patients, obtaining data such as age, smoking and weight gain in pregnancy; the gestational age of the newborns was determined by Capurro, and their weight and destination subsequent to birth, the placentas were also collected in order to look for atherosclerosis through histological studies and glucose, insulin, VLDL-C, HDL-C, triglycerides, cholesterol, fibrinogen, PCR and markers of endothelial dysfunction (adiponectin, VCAM-1, ICAM-1 and IL-6) were determined in blood samples obtained from the umbilical cord. Results: Placental atherosclerosis presented in 28.94% of the group with gestational diabetes compared to 10.52% of the group with normally progressing pregnancies (P=.044); differences were found in glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, fibrinogen, HOMA-IR, PCR-us, HDL-C, not in VLDL-C. Twenty-one point five percent of the newborns of the gestational diabetes patients required hospitalization, against 5.2% in the control group, Conclusions: Pregnancies that involve diabetes have higher proportion of atherosclerosis, hospitalization of the newborn, insulin resistance, as well as elevation of markers associated with inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in umbilical cord blood. (C) 2016 Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. All rights reserved.
Enhanced expression of Galectin-3 in gestational diabetes; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hyperglycemia diagnosed during pregnancy, is one of the most common medical complications of pregnancy, treated primarily by diet and pharmacotherapy, if indicated. It is well-established that GDM increases the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term complications in mothers and infants. Galectin-3 (Gal-3) is important in processes of cell growth, differentiation, inflammation, and fibrosis. We evaluated Gal-3 expression in pregnancies complicated by GDM as a parameter that might explain how GDM influences early onset of future complications. Methods and results: Forty-four women with GDM and 40 with normal pregnancy (NP) were recruited during delivery admission. Blood samples were obtained from parturients and umbilical cords blood, as well as placental tissue for analysis. Gal-3 mRNA expression was increased in maternal blood samples and placental tissue of women with GDM compared to NP. In GDM, Gal-3 mRNA was decreased in cord blood compared to maternal blood and placental tissue. Gal-3 GDM placental protein expression was increased compared to NP. Immunostaining revealed that Gal-3 is upregulated in GDM placental extravillous trophoblast. ELISA of Gal-3 maternal serum levels between GDM and NP were similar. Conclusion: Gal-3 is strongly expressed at molecular levels (mRNA and protein expression) in GDM maternal blood and placental tissue, and decreased in cord blood. These findings highlight the role of the placenta in protecting the fetus from potential Gal-3 damage. Gal-3 expression at mRNA and protein levels might be influenced by diabetes, even if blood glucose is balanced by medication or diet. (c) 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Aortic Stiffness and Cardiovascular Risk in Women with Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life, but the mechanism remains unclear. The aim of the study was to investigate indices of glucose metabolism, dyslipidemia, and arterial stiffness (as measured by pulse wave velocity (PWV)), in women with and without a history of GDM, using both the old WHO and new IADPSG diagnostic criteria, at 5 years after the index pregnancy. Dyslipidemia and PWV were used as surrogate markers for CVD risk. The population-based prospective cohort included 300 women from the original STORK study. All participants had an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy. Five years later, the OGTT was repeated along with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, lipid analysis, and PWV analysis. Measurements were compared between those women who did and did not have GDM based on both the WHO and IADPSG criteria. We found that women with GDM based on the old WHO criteria had higher CVD risk at 5 years than those without GDM, with markedly elevated PWV and more severe dyslipidemia (higher triglycerides (TG)/HDL cholesterol ratio). After adjusting for known risk factors, the most important predictors for elevated PWV and TG/HDL-C ratio at 5-year follow-up were maternal age, BMI, GDM, systolic blood pressure, and indices of glucose metabolism in the index pregnancy. In conclusion, we found a higher risk for CVD, based on the surrogate markers PWV and TG/HDL-C ratio, at 5-year follow-up in women diagnosed with GDM in the index pregnancy when using the old WHO diagnostic criteria.
The impact of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension on future cardiovascular events: A nationwide cross-sectional cohort study; Objectives: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of female death worldwide. The link between future cardiovascular events and a history of hypertensive disease in pregnancy or gestational diabetes (GDM) has been well established. Less well understood is the impact on future cardiovascular risk when gestational hypertension (GH) and GDM have occurred together. We assessed the association of GDM and GH with future cardiovascular events both alone and in combination. Study design: All female patients discharged from French hospitals in 2013 with 5 years of subsequent and complete follow-up were identified. They were grouped depending on their history of GDM, history of GH, history of both or history of neither. After propensity score matching, patients with GDM and/or GH were matched 1:1 with patients with no GDM or GH. Hazard ratios (HR) for cardiovascular events during follow-up were adjusted by age at baseline. Results: Women with a history of GH had an increased risk of cardiovascular death (HR 5.46, 95 % confidence interval [CI] 1.93-15.49). Women with a history of GDM had no significant difference in the risk of cardiovascular events such as myocardial infarction (HR 0.88, 95 %CI 0.38-2.03) and cardiovascular death (HR 1.25, 95 %CI 0.47-3.36) during the 5 year follow up. Those with a history of both GDM and GH had a significantly increased risk of myocardial infarction (HR 23.33, 95 %CI 4.84-112.39). Conclusion: Women with a history of both GH and GDM are at a 23-fold increased risk of myocardial infarction within the first 5 years of their postnatal lives.
Second Trimester Fetal and Maternal Epicardial Fat Thickness in Gestational Diabetic Pregnancies; Our aim was to evaluate the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and sonographically measured fetal epicardial fat thickness between 24-28 weeks' gestation. This was a cross-sectional study that included 40 pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus, matched with 40 normal pregnancies with similar maternal age, body-mass index, gestational age, fetal gender, and fetal abdominal circumference on ultrasound. Fetal epicardial fat thickness was measured and recorded during ultrasonography at 24-28 weeks of gestation. Maternal evaluation included measurement of maternal epicardial fat thickness, using echocardiography. Fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness values were compared across the groups. Ultrasound views of fetal epicardial fat thickness were evaluated independently by 3 perinatology fellows to determine inter- and intra-observer variability. Partial and intraclass correlation analyses were used. Fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness measurements were moderately correlated (r=0.63). Mean fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness values were higher in gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies (p=0.004 and p<0.0001, respectively) compared to controls. Fetal epicardial fat thickness was positively correlated (r=0.43) with postchallenge 2-h glucose values. Inter- and intra-observer agreement was high, demonstrated by strong correlations (r=0.99 and r=0.99, respectively) across fetal epicardial fat thickness measurements of the examiners. Fetuses from gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies have significantly higher fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness values compared to nongestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies. Fetal epicardial fat thickness obtained during second trimester fetal anatomy ultrasound may potentially be a reliable indicator for gestational diabetes mellitus. However, clinical validation studies are needed.
Differences in low-grade chronic inflammation and insulin resistance in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Background. Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are both characterized by an increase in insulin resistance. Our goal in the present study was to measure insulin resistance (as estimated by homeostasis model assessment, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) and adiponectin concentrations) and parameters of low-grade inflammation in non-diabetic, non-hyperandrogenic ovulatory women with previous GDM (pGDM) and in non-diabetic women with classic PCOS, characterized by hyperandrogenism and oligo/anovulation. Patients and design. We evaluated 20 women with PCOS, 18 women with pGDM and 19 controls, all matched according to body mass index (BMI). Fasting blood samples were drawn in all women 3-6 days after spontaneous or dydrogesterone-induced withdrawal bleeding. Body fat distribution was assessed using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry in all women. Results. After adjusting for age and percent body fat, measures of insulin resistance such as SHBG and adiponectin concentrations were decreased and central obesity was increased in women with PCOS and pGDM compared with controls (all p < 0.05). Parameters of low-grade inflammation such as serum tumor necrosis factor-a and highly sensitive C-reactive protein concentrations, white blood cell and neutrophil count were increased only in women with PCOS compared with BMI-matched controls (all p < 0.05). Conclusions. Certain markers of insulin resistance are increased in both women with PCOS and women with pGDM, while low-grade inflammation is increased only in PCOS. PCOS and GDM might represent specific phenotypes of one disease entity with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, whereby women with PCOS demonstrate an augmented cardiovascular risk profile.
Diabetes Mellitus and Cardiovascular Risk Assessment in Mothers with a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Based on Postpartal Expression Profile of MicroRNAs Associated with Diabetes Mellitus and Cardiovascular and Cerebrovascular Diseases; Mothers with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of developing diabetes in the future and a lifelong cardiovascular risk. Postpartal expression profile of cardiovascular/cerebrovascular disease associated microRNAs was assessed 3-11 years after the delivery in whole peripheral blood of young and middle-aged mothers with a prior exposure to GDM with the aim to identify a high-risk group of mothers at risk of later development of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases who would benefit from implementation of early primary prevention strategies and long-term follow-up. The hypothesis of the assessment of cardiovascular risk in women was based on the knowledge that a series of microRNAs play a role in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases. Abnormal expression profile of multiple microRNAs was found in women with a prior exposure to GDM (miR-1-3p, miR-16-5p, miR-17-5p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-21-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-24-3p, miR-26a-5p, miR-29a-3p, miR-100-5p, miR-103a-3p, miR-125b-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-130b-3p, miR-133a-3p, miR-143-3p, miR-145-5p, miR-146a-5p, miR-181a-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-199a-5p, miR-221-3p, miR-342-3p, miR-499a-5p, and-miR-574-3p). Postpartal combined screening of miR-1-3p, miR-16-5p, miR-17-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-21-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-26a-5p, miR-29a-3p, miR-103a-3p, miR-133a-3p, miR-146a-5p, miR-181a-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-199a-5p, miR-221-3p, and miR-499a-5p showed the highest accuracy for the identification of mothers with a prior exposure to GDM at a higher risk of later development of cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases (AUC 0.900, p < 0.001, sensitivity 77.48%, specificity 93.26%, cut off >0.611270413). It was able to identify 77.48% mothers with an increased cardiovascular risk at 10.0% FPR. Any of changes in epigenome (upregulation of miR-16-5p, miR-17-5p, miR-29a-3p, and miR-195-5p) that were induced by GDM-complicated pregnancy are long-acting and may predispose mothers affected with GDM to later development of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases. In addition, novel epigenetic changes (upregulation of serious of microRNAs) appeared in a proportion of women that were exposed to GDM throughout the postpartal life. Likewise, a previous occurrence of either GH, PE, and/or FGR, as well as a previous occurrence of GDM, is associated with the upregulation of miR-1-3p, miR-17-5p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-29a-3p, miR-100-5p, miR-125b-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-130b-3p, miR-133a-3p, miR-143-3p, miR-145-5p, miR-146a-5p, miR-181a-5p, miR-199a-5p, miR-221-3p, and miR-499a-5p. On the other hand, upregulation of miR-16-5p, miR-21-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-24-3p, miR-26a-5p, miR-103a-3p, miR-195-5p, miR-342-3p, and miR-574-3p represents a unique feature of aberrant expression profile of women with a prior exposure to GDM. Screening of particular microRNAs may stratify a high-risk group of mothers with a history of GDM who might benefit from implementation of early primary prevention strategies.
Pregnancy and cardiovascular disease; In this Review, Roos-Hesselink and colleagues describe how the physiological adaptations during pregnancy can induce cardiometabolic complications or an exacerbation of existing cardiometabolic disease, and discuss the epidemiology, pathophysiology, diagnosis and management of cardiometabolic diseases acquired or presenting during pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes mellitus, thromboembolic disorders and peripartum cardiomyopathy. Cardiovascular disease complicates 1-4% of pregnancies - with a higher prevalence when including hypertensive disorders - and is the leading cause of maternal death. In women with known cardiovascular pathology, such as congenital heart disease, timely counselling is possible and the outcome is fairly good. By contrast, maternal mortality is high in women with acquired heart disease that presents during pregnancy (such as acute coronary syndrome or aortic dissection). Worryingly, the prevalence of acquired cardiovascular disease during pregnancy is rising as older maternal age, obesity, diabetes mellitus and hypertension become more common in the pregnant population. Management of cardiovascular disease in pregnancy is challenging owing to the unique maternal physiology, characterized by profound changes to multiple organ systems. The presence of the fetus compounds the situation because both the cardiometabolic disease and its management might adversely affect the fetus. Equally, avoiding essential treatment because of potential fetal harm risks a poor outcome for both mother and child. In this Review, we examine how the physiological adaptations during pregnancy can provoke cardiometabolic complications or exacerbate existing cardiometabolic disease and, conversely, how cardiometabolic disease can compromise the adaptations to pregnancy and their intended purpose: the development and growth of the fetus.
Effect of Race/Ethnicity on Hypertension Risk Subsequent to Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevalence is greater in racially/ethnically diverse groups compared with non-Hispanic white populations. Although race has been shown to modify other cardiovascular disease risk factors in postpartum women, the role of race/ ethnicity on GDM and subsequent hypertension has yet to be examined. The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of race/ethnicity in relation to GDM and subsequent hypertension in a retrospective analysis of women who delivered at Massachusetts General Hospital from 1998 to 2007. Multivariate analyses were used to determine the associations between GDM and (1) race/ethnicity, (2) hypertension, and (3) the interaction with hypertension and race/ethnicity. Women were monitored for a median of 3.8 years from the date of delivery. In our population of 4,010 women, GDM was more common in nonwhite participants (p<0.0001). GDM was also associated with hypertension subsequent to delivery after adjusting for age, race, parity, first-trimester systolic blood pressure, body mass index, maternal gestational weight gain, and preeclampsia (hazard ratio [HR] 1.75, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.28 to 2.37, p=0.0004). Moreover, Hispanic (HR 3.25, 95% CI 1.85 to 5.72, p<0.0001) and white (HR 1.68, 95% CI 1.10 to 2.57, p=0.02) women with GDM had greater hypertension risk relative to their race/ethnicity specific counterparts without GDM in race-stratified multivariable analyses. In conclusion, Hispanic women compared with white women have an increased risk of hypertension. Hispanic and white women with GDM are at a greater risk for hypertension compared with those without GDM. Because the present study may have had limited power to detect effects among black and Asian women with GDM, further research is warranted to elucidate the need for enhanced hypertension risk surveillance in these young women. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Changing environment of hyperglycemia in pregnancy: Gestational diabetes and diabetes mellitus in pregnancy; The diagnosis and treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have been in a state of flux since the World Health Organization accepted and endorsed the International Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group's diagnostic pathway and criteria in 2013. These new diagnostic criteria identify an increasing number of women at risk of hyperglycemia in pregnancy (HGiP). Maternal hyperglycemia represents a significant risk to the mother and fetus, in both the short and long term. Controversially, metformin use for the treatment of GDM is increasing in Australia. This article identifies the multiple and varied presentations of HGiP, of which GDM is the most commonly encountered. The degree of maternal hyperglycemia experienced affects the outcomes for both the mother and neonate, and specific diagnosis determines the appropriate treatment for the pregnancy. Given the increasing incidence of women with dysglycemia and those developing HGiP, this is an important area for research and clinical attention for all health professionals.
The diagnostic and predictive values of N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptides in pregnancy complications and neonatal outcomes; Objective: To investigate the plasma N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) levels relative to pregnancy complications and clarify the role of NT-proBNP in predicting pregnancy outcomes. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted on 208 singleton pregnant women from August 2015 to October 2018. They were categorized into the early-onset PE (n=52), late-onset PE (n=32), GH (n=21), GDM (n=49), and healthy control (n=54) groups. The NT-proBNP concentrations were measured for all groups, and the correlation between the NTproBNP levels and the pregnancy complications was analyzed. Results: The NT-proBNP levels were significantly higher in the early-onset and late-onset PE groups than in the other groups (P<0.05). The receiver operating characteristic curve showed that the plasma NT-proBNP levels had excellent diagnostic performance for early-onset and late-onset PE. The areas under the curve (AUCs) were 0.864 and 0.825 at the cut-off values of 142.3 pg/mL and 183.5 pg/mL for these two groups, respectively. The plasma NT-proBNP concentrations were positively correlated with the neonatal outcomes. The AUC was 0.788 when the cut-off value was 257.5 pg/mL. The high NT-proBNP level was associated with a low Apgar score and low birth weight. Conclusion: NT-proBNP is an effective indicator for assisting in the diagnosis of pregnancy complications and predicting newborn outcomes. NT-proBNP can be used to monitor early-onset and late-onset PE.
The urgent need for universally applicable simple screening procedures and diagnostic criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus - lessons from projects funded by the World Diabetes Foundation; Background: To address the risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes and future type 2 diabetes associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), its early detection and timely treatment is essential. In the absence of an international consensus, multiple different guidelines on screening and diagnosis of GDM have existed for a long time. This may be changing with the publication of the recommendations by the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups. However, none of these guidelines take into account evidence from or ground realities of resource-poor settings. Objective: This study aimed to investigate whether GDM projects supported by the World Diabetes Foundation in developing countries utilize any of the internationally recommended guidelines for screening and diagnosis of GDM, explore experiences on applicability and usefulness of the guidelines and barriers if any, in implementing the guidelines. These projects have reached out to thousands of pregnant women through capacity building and improvement of access to GDM screening and diagnosis in the developing world and therefore provide a rich field experience on the applicability of the guidelines in resource-poor settings. Design: A mixed methods approach using questionnaires and interviews was utilised to review 11 GDM projects. Two projects were conducted by the same partner; interviews were conducted in person or via phone by the first author with nine project partners and one responded via email. The interviews were analysed using content analysis. Results: The projects use seven different screening procedures and diagnostic criteria and many do not completely adhere to one guideline alone. Various challenges in adhering to the recommendations emerged in the interviews, including problems with screening women during the recommended time period, applicability of some of the listed risk factors used for (pre-) screening, difficulties with reaching women for testing in the fasting state, time consuming nature of the tests, intolerance to high glucose load due to nausea, need for repeat tests, issues with scarcity of test consumables and lack of equipment making some procedures impossible to follow. Conclusion: Though an international consensus on screening and diagnosis for GDM is welcome, it should ensure that the recommendations take into account feasibility and applicability in low resource settings to ensure wider usage. We need to move away from purely academic discussions focusing on sensitivity and specificity to also include what can actually be done at the basic care level.
Advice that includes food sources of unsaturated fat supports future risk management of gestational diabetes mellitus; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a greater risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and heart disease than pregnant women without GDM. Advice given during the GDM pregnancy provides an opportunity to develop protective dietary patterns for the long-term management of this risk. Dietary guidelines for the prevention and management of type 2 DM support the inclusion of unsaturated fats, but food advice needs to target this outcome. The aim of this study was to compare the dietary intakes of women with GDM given general low-fat advice (control group) to women with GDM given the same advice with additional targets for food sources of unsaturated fats (intervention group). After approximately 6 weeks, the intervention group reported more ideal dietary fatty acid intakes than the control group, with polyunsaturated: saturated fat ratios of 1:1 and 0.4:1, respectively (P<.001), assessed using repeated measures analysis of variance. These results confirm the need to include food sources of unsaturated fats in advice strategies to assure optimal protective eating habits in this at-risk group.
Supplemental Berberine in a High-Fat Diet Reduces Adiposity and Cardiac Dysfunction in Offspring of Mouse Dams with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background: There are few evidence-based strategies to attenuate the risk of metabolic syndrome in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Berberine (BBR) is an isoquinoline alkaloid extracted from Chinese herbs and exhibits glucose lowering properties. Objectives: We hypothesized that dietary BBR would improve health outcomes in the mouse offspring of GDM dams. Methods: Wild-type C57BL/6 female mice were fed either a Lean-inducing low-fat diet (L-LF,10% kcal fat, 35% kcal sucrose) or a GDM-inducing high-fat diet (GDM-HF, 45% kcal fat, 17.5% sucrose) for 6 wk prior to breeding with wild type C57BL/6 male mice throughout pregnancy and the suckling period. The resulting Lean and GDM-exposed male and female offspring were randomly assigned an LF (10% kcal fat, 35% kcal sucrose), HF (45% kcal fat, 17.5% sucrose), or high-fat berberine (HFB) (45% kcal fat, 17.5% sucrose diet) containing BBR (160 mg/kg/d, HFB) at weaning for 12 wk. The main outcome was to evaluate the effects of BBR on obesity, pancreatic islet function, and cardiac contractility in GDM-exposed HF-fed offspring. Significance between measurements was determined using a 2 (gestational exposure) & times; 3 (diet) factorial design by a 2-way ANOVA using Tukey post-hoc analysis. Results: In the GDM-HF group, body weights were significantly increased (16%) compared with those in baseline (L-LF) animals (P < 0.05). Compared with the L-LF animals, the GDM-HF group had a reduction in pancreatic insulin glucose stimulated insulin secretion (74%) and increased cardiac isovolumetric contraction time (IVCT; similar to 150%) (P < 0.05). Compared with GDM-HF animals, the GDM-HFB group with the dietary addition of BBR had significantly reduced body weight (16%), increased glucose-stimulated insulin secretion from pancreatic islets (254%), and reduced systolic heart function (46% IVCT) (P < 0.05). Conclusions: In a mouse model of GDM, dietary BBR treatment provided protection from obesity and the development of pancreatic islet and cardiac dysfunction.
Long term (&gt;1year) postpartum glucose tolerance status among Indian women with history of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) diagnosed by IADPSG criteria; Aim: To determine prevalence of long term dysglycemia and its risk factors among women with history of GDM diagnosed using IADPSG criteria at a tertiary care hospital in North India. Methods: Women with GDM diagnosed between 2012 and 2016 were invited. Socio-demographic, anthropometric, medical data were collected and 75 gm OGTT with serum insulin estimation, HbA1c and fasting lipid profile were done at the hospital visit. Results: Women (N = 267) were tested at 32.5 (+/- 4.6) years of age and at a median (q25-q75) of 20 (12-44) months following the index delivery. Dysglycemia was found in 57.7% by ADA criteria [Diabetes in 10.5% and prediabetes in 47.2%]. Risk factors for cardiovascular disease were significantly more prevalent among these women. On multivariable analysis, HOMA-IR correlated positively, while insulinogenic index correlated negatively with postpartum dysglycemia. Conclusion: This is possibly the first long term (>1 year) glucose tolerance outcome study in South Asian women with history of GDM diagnosed by IADPSG criteria, which demonstrates significantly elevated risk of postpartum dysglycemia. While the IADPSG criteria identify women with a lower future conversion to diabetes compared with previous criteria, prediabetes conversion remains high, thereby offering an opportunity to intervene early and prevent progression to future diabetes. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A Rare Case of Acute Myocardial Infarction in Pregnancy: Successful Treatment Strategies; Objective: Rare disease Background: Acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy is rare, but is associated with a high mortality rate, particularly during labor and delivery. This article concerns a 23-year-old woman with a history of insulin-treated gestational diabetes and hypothyroidism treated with levothyroxine presenting at 32 weeks of pregnancy with acute chest pain and coronary artery occlusion requiring angioplasty followed by cesarean delivery. The aim of this report is to outline the diagnostic difficulties of acute coronary syndromes during pregnancy and to present their treatment. Case Report: A 23-year-old female patient at 32 weeks' gestation treated for insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and hypothyroidism was admitted to the hospital due to acute chest pain. The ECG showed ST-segment elevation in leads I, aVL, and V4-V6 and elevated troponin T. Based on this, the patient was diagnosed with myocardial infarction and given low-molecular heparin, followed by primary coronary angioplasty with revascularization. After the procedure, she received dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with acetylsalicylic acid and clopidogrel. The pregnancy was terminated at 38 weeks by cesarean section, delivering a healthy baby. Conclusions: This report shows the importance of rapid and accurate diagnosis and management of acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy, and delivery by cesarean section, to ensure survival of the mother and the child.
Prevalance of gestational diabetes mellitus in patients with gestational transient thyrotoxicosis; Objective: To investigate prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in patients with gestational transient thyroxicosis (GTT). Methods: Fifty two patients with GTT and 100 age matched healthy pregnant women were included. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), LDL-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triglyceride, thyrotrophin (TSH) and thyroid hormones were measured at thyrotoxic state in GTT patients and at 6-12th weeks of pregnancy in control group. Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with 100 g glucose was performed and laboratory parameters were re-evaluated at 24-28th weeks of pregnancy in all subjects. Results: Mean age of patients with GTT was 28.46 +/- 5.45 and control group was 27.78 +/- 3.75(p = 0.085). Patients with GTT had significantly higher HbA1c, LDL-cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol at 6-12th weeks of pregnancy (p<0.01, p-<0.01 and p = 0.034, respectively). TSH was negatively correlated with HbA1c and LDL-cholesterol in thyrotoxic state in GTT patients (r =-0.393, p < 0.001 and r =-0.293, p< 0.001, respectively). OGTT showed GDM in 7 (13.5%) GTT patients and 4 (4%) healthy pregnants (p = 0.047). HbA1c, LDL-cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol were higher in GTT patients compared to healthy pregnants also at 24-28th weeks of pregnancy (p < 0.001, p < 0.001 and p = 0.024). Conclusion: Although GTT is known to be a transient state that can resolve spontaneously, it might have negative effect on carbohydrate metabolism like other causes of hyperthyroidism.
Gestational Diabetes and Incident Heart Failure: A Cohort Study; OBJECTIVE To assess whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of heart failure (HF). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We conducted a population-based cohort study using information from the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care of Ontario (Canada) health care administrative databases. We identified all women in Ontario with a GDM diagnosis with a live birth singleton delivery between 1 July 2007 and 31 March 2018. Women with diabetes or HF before pregnancy were excluded. GDM was defined based on laboratory test results and diagnosis coding. The primary outcome was incident HF hospitalization over a period extending from the index pregnancy until 31 March 2019. The secondary outcome was prevalent peripartum cardiomyopathy at index pregnancy. Estimates of association were adjusted for relevant cardiometabolic risk factors. RESULTS Among 906,319 eligible women (mean age 30 years [SD 5.6], 50,193 with GDM [5.5%]), there were 763 HF events over a median follow-up period of 7 years. GDM was associated with a higher risk of incident HF (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 1.62 [95% CI 1.28, 2.05]) compared with no GDM. This association remained significant after accounting for chronic kidney disease, postpartum diabetes, hypertension, and coronary artery disease (aHR 1.39 [95% CI 1.09, 1.79]). GDM increased the odds of peripartum cardiomyopathy (adjusted odds ratio 1.83 [95% CI 1.45, 2.33]). CONCLUSIONS In a large observational study, GDM was associated with an increased risk of HF. Consequently, diabetes screening during pregnancy is suggested to identify women at risk for HF.
Guidelines for exercise during normal pregnancy and gestational diabetes: a review of international recommendations; Objectiveo summarize and present the main guidelines for exercise during normal pregnancy and pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).MethodsRelevant guidelines were retrieved through the electronic databases PubMed (MEDLINE), CENTRAL (Cochrane), and Embase; reference sections of the retrieved publications; proceedings of the main congresses in the field; and websites of relevant organizations published during the years 2000-2018.ResultsAll guidelines recommend aerobic training from 60 to 150min/week, with an upper limit of 30min/day. Exercise is safe, even on a daily basis. Resistance exercise is suggested by five national guidelines (Australia, Canada, Denmark, Norway, and the UK). Discrepancies exist regarding the recommended intensity of exercise. Canada, Japan, Spain, and the UK use both objective (heart rate and maximum oxygen consumption) and subjective criteria (Borg's Scale and talk test) to determine the effectiveness and safety of exercise. Only Canada provides specific recommendations, according to the woman's age and level of physical condition. Women with GDM on no insulin treatment do not need to take extra precautions during exercise. However, due to their condition of hyperglycemia, they must comply with the recommendation issued for type 2 diabetes. The prescription and supervision of exercise should be carried out in a similar way as for uncomplicated pregnancies. Finally, women with GDM on insulin treatment need to follow the same recommendations as for those for pregnant women with type 1 diabetes.ConclusionHealth professionals must be informed about the correct planning and execution of physical exercise programs so as to safely achieve the maximum effectiveness of exercise-induced health-related benefits in pregnant women.
Development and validation of a facile rapid assessment scale for perinatal venous thromboembolism in puerperium in Chinese women; BackgroundIt is still urgent and challenge to develop a simple risk assessment scale for venous thromboembolism (VTE) in puerperium in Chinese women.MethodsThe study, a retrospective case-control study, was conducted in 12 hospitals in different cities in China. A total of 1152 pregnant women were selected, including 384 cases with VTE and 768 cases without VTE. A logistic regression method was conducted to determine the risk factors of VTE.ResultsAge, BMI before delivery, gestational diabetes mellitus, family history (thrombosis, diabetes, cardiovascular disease), and assisted reproductive technology were independent risk factors (P<0.05). The difference between the high-risk group and the low-risk group was statistically significant(P<0.001) with a sensitivity of 0.578, specificity of 0.756, Yuden index o.334, and area under the ROC curve of 0.878.ConclusionsThe age (& GE; 35 years), BMI before delivery (& GE; 30 kg/m2), gestational diabetes mellitus, family history of related diseases and assisted reproductive technology are more likely to cause VTE after full-time delivery. The simple and rapid assessment scale of VTE in women after full-term delivery has perfect discrimination (P < 0.001), which can be applied to predict the risk of VTE in Chinese full-term postpartum women.
The BLIiNG study-Breastfeeding length and intensity in gestational diabetes and metabolic effects in a subsequent pregnancy: A cohort study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with higher risk for developing type 2 diabetes. Breastfeeding is protective against the development of type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes. There are no data regarding the effect of breastfeeding on the development of recurrent gestational diabetes. Objective: Investigate the relationship of previous breastfeeding duration and intensity with the recurrence of gestational diabetes, and second pregnancy glucose tolerance test results.Methods: We conducted a questionnaire-based pilot cohort study, enrolling 210 women during a subsequent second pregnancy, after a gestational diabetes-affected first pregnancy. Models for length and intensity of breastfeeding as predictors of the oral glucose tolerance test and for diagnosis of gestational diabetes in second pregnancy were fitted and then adjusted for possible confounders. Results: Recurrent gestational diabetes rate in the study cohort was 70% ( n = 146). In a fully adjusted model high intensity breastfeeding was associated with a lower 2-hour glucose level on the oral glucose tolerance test (by 0.66 mmol/L, 95% CI [0.15-1.17]; p = 0.01) and breastfeeding greater than six months with a lower 1-hour glucose on the oral glucose tolerance test (by 0.67 mmol/L, 95% CI [0.16- 1.19]; p = 0.01), compared to women who breastfed less intensively or for a shorter duration respectively. There was an 18% reduction in the risk of gestational diabetes if a woman breastfed for more than six months (RR 0.82, 95% CI [0.69-0.98]; p = 0.03). The association was attenuated in the fully adjusted model (RR 0.89, 95% CI [0.78-1.02]; p = 0.09).Conclusions and implications for practice: We found the risk of recurrent gestational diabetes was reduced by both increased duration and intensity of breastfeeding. Antenatal lactation education should be embedded into care pathways for women diagnosed with gestational diabetes. Crown Copyright (c) 2022 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cost of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in the United States in 2007; The objective of this study was to estimate the national medical costs associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in 2007. We analyzed the National Hospital Discharge Survey to estimate the national prevalence of GDM. Using Poisson regression analysis with medical claims for about 27,000 newborns and their mothers, we estimated rate ratios that reflect the increase in use of health care services associated with GDM. Combining GDM prevalence rates with these rate ratios, we calculated etiological fractions that reflect the proportion of national health care resource use associated with GDM. We then multiplied these fractions by estimates of national health care use and costs in 2007. GDM prevalence increases with age, rising from 1.3% of pregnancies of women younger than age 21 to 8.7% of pregnancies of women older than age 35. For the estimated 180,000 GDM pregnancies resulting in delivery, average expenditures increased $3,305 per pregnancy plus $209 in the newborn's first year of life. GDM increased national medical costs by $636 million in 2007-$596 million for maternal costs and $40 million for neonatal costs. Approximately $230 million (36%) of GDM-related medical costs are covered by government programs (primarily Medicaid), $355 million (56%) are covered by private insurers, and $51 million (8%) are covered by self-pay and charity care. GDM imposes a significant economic burden. These estimates of the economic burden of GDM are likely conservative because we focus on near-term medical costs, omitting the increased risk for long-term sequelae. (Population Health Management. 2009;12:165-174)
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risk of ischemic heart disease in mothers: national cohort and co-sibling study; OBJECTIVE To examine the associations between five major adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risks of ischemic heart disease in mothers.DESIGN National cohort study.SETTING Sweden.PARTICIPANTS All 2 195 266 women with a first singleton delivery in Sweden during 1973-2015.MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES The main outcome measure was incidence of ischemic heart disease from delivery to 2018, identified from nationwide inpatient and outpatient diagnoses. Cox regression was used to calculate hazard ratios for ischemic heart disease associated with preterm delivery, small for gestational age, pre-eclampsia, other hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes, adjusting for other adverse pregnancy outcomes and maternal factors. Co-sibling analyses assessed for confounding by shared familial (genetic and environmental) factors.RESULTS During 53.6 million person years of follow-up, ischemic heart disease was diagnosed in 83 881 (3.8%) women. All five adverse pregnancy outcomes were independently associated with increased risk of ischemic heart disease. In the 10 years after delivery, adjusted hazard ratios for ischemic heart disease associated with specific adverse pregnancy outcomes were 2.09 (95% confidence interval 1.77 to 2.46) for other hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, 1.72 (1.55 to 1.90) for preterm delivery, 1.54 (1.37 to 1.72) for pre-eclampsia, 1.30 (1.09 to 1.56) for gestational diabetes, and 1.10 (1.00 to 1.21) for small for gestational age. The hazard ratios remained significantly increased even 30-46 years after delivery: 1.47 (1.30 to 1.66) for other hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, 1.40 (1.29 to 1.51) for gestational diabetes, 1.32 (1.28 to 1.36) for pre-eclampsia, 1.23 (1.19 to 1.27) for preterm delivery, and 1.16 (1.13 to 1.19) for small for gestational age. These findings were only partially (<45%) explained by shared familial (genetic or environmental) factors. Women who experienced multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes showed further increases in risk (eg, <10 years after delivery, adjusted hazard ratios associated with 1, 2, or a3 adverse pregnancy outcomes were 1.29 (1.19 to 1.39), 1.80 (1.59 to 2.03), and 2.26 (1.89 to 2.70), respectively)).CONCLUSIONS In this large national cohort, women who experienced any of five major adverse pregnancy outcomes showed an increased risk for ischemic heart disease up to 46 years after delivery. Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes should be considered for early preventive evaluation and long term risk reduction to help prevent the development of ischemic heart disease.
The Role of Lifestyle Intervention in the Prevention and Treatment of Gestational Diabetes; Obesity during pregnancy is associated with the development of adverse outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). GDM is highly associated with obesity and independently increases the risk of both complications during pregnancy and future impaired glycemic control and risk factors for cardiovascular disease for both the mother and child. Despite extensive research evaluating the effectiveness of lifestyle interventions incorporating diet and/or exercise, there remains a lack of definitive consensus on their overall efficacy alone or in combination for both the prevention and treatment of GDM. Combination of diet and physical activity/exercise interventions for GDM prevention demonstrates limited success, whereas exercise-only interventions report of risk reductions ranging from 3 to 49%. Similarly, combination therapy of diet and exercise is the first-line treatment of GDM, with positive effects on maternal weight gain and the prevalence of infants born large-for-gestational age. Yet, there is inconclusive evidence on the effects of diet or exercise as standalone therapies for GDM treatment. In clinical care, women with GDM should be treated with a multidisciplinary approach, starting with lifestyle modification and escalating to pharmacotherapy if needed. Several key knowledge gaps remain, including how lifestyle interventions can be optimized during pregnancy, and whether intervention during preconception is effective for preventing the rising prevalence of GDM.
Pre-pregnancy potato consumption and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: prospective cohort study; STUDY QUESTION What is the association between potato consumption before pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)? METHODS This prospective cohort study included 15 632 women from the Nurses' Health Study II (1991-2001). They had no previous GDM or chronic diseases before pregnancy. Consumption of potatoes and other foods was assessed every four years. Incident first time GDM was ascertained from self reports of a physician diagnosis of GDM, which was previously validated by medical records. STUDY ANSWER AND LIMITATIONS Over the 10 year follow-up there were 854 incident cases of GDM among 21 693 singleton pregnancies. After adjustment for age, parity, and dietary and non-dietary factors, women who consumed more potatoes before pregnancy had higher rates of developing GDM. Substitution of two servings a week of total potatoes with other vegetables, legumes, and whole grain foods was significantly associated with a 9-12% lower risk of GDM. Consumption and diabetes were self reported, and severity of diabetes was unknown. More than 90% of women were white. A causal association cannot be assumed.
Berberine elevates cardiolipin in heart of offspring from mouse dams with high fat diet-induced gestational diabetes mellitus; Berberine (BBR) is an isoquinoline alkaloid from plants known to improve cardiac mitochondrial function in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) offspring but the mechanism is poorly understood. We examined the role of the mitochondrial phospholipid cardiolipin (CL) in mediating this cardiac improvement. C57BL/6 female mice were fed either a Lean-inducing low-fat diet or a GDM-inducing high-fat diet for 6 weeks prior to breeding. Lean and GDM-exposed male offspring were randomly assigned a low-fat, high-fat, or high-fat diet containing BBR at weaning for 12 weeks. The content of CL was elevated in the heart of GDM offspring fed a high fat diet containing BBR. The increase in total cardiac CL was due to significant increases in the most abundant and functionally important CL species, tetralinoleoyl-CL and this correlated with an increase in the expression of the CL remodeling enzyme tafazzin. Additionally, BBR treatment increased expression of cardiac enzymes involved in fatty acid uptake and oxidation and electron transport chain subunits in high fat diet fed GDM offspring. Thus, dietary BBR protection from cardiac dysfunction in GDM exposed offspring involves improvement in mitochondrial function mediated through increased synthesis of CL.
The RhoA guanine exchange factor ABR: a glucose-sensitive mediator of actin reorganization in feto-placental arterial endothelial cells altered by gestational diabetes mellitus; In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) programs the fetus, increasing offspring risk for endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease later in life. Hyperglycaemia is widely recognized as the driving force of diabetes-induced programming. We have previously shown that GDM exposure alters DNA methylation and gene expression associated with actin remodelling in primary feto-placental arterial endothelial cells (fpEC). Thus, we hypothesized that hyperglycaemic insults underlie programmed changes in fpEC morphology and actin organization by GDM. Therefore, arterial fpECs isolated after normal and GDM pregnancy, as well as normal fpECs that were exposed to hyperglycaemia in vitro, were analysed for the effect of GDM and hyperglycaemia on actin organization and network formation. Integration of gene expression and DNA methylation data identified the RhoA activator active BCR-related (ABR) as programmed by GDM and altered by in vitro hyperglycaemia. ABR silencing in GDM-exposed cells reduced RhoA activity by 34 +/- 26% (P = 0.033) and restored normal fpEC phenotype. In fact, in vitro hyperglycaemia induced a similar fpEC phenotype as intrauterine exposure to GDM, i.e. round morphology and increased network formation on Matrigel by 34 +/- 33% (P = 0.022) vs. 22 +/- 20% for GDM (P = 0.004). Thus, we identified ABR as a novel glucose sensitive regulator of actin organization and cell shape, programmed by GDM and upregulated by hyperglycaemia. Identification of mechanisms induced by hyperglycaemia and affecting endothelial function in the long term will contribute to understanding GDM-induced programming of offspring endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease. Future studies could focus on investigating the prevention or reversal of such malprogramming.
A Randomized Double-Blinded, Placebo-Controlled Trial Investigating the Effect of Fish Oil Supplementation on Gene Expression Related to Insulin Action, Blood Lipids, and Inflammation in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-Fish Oil Supplementation and Gestational Diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy, and it is mostly associated with postpartum diabetes, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. Fish oil (omega-3) supplementation has been shown to reduce the risk of different chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and cancers, though the evidence of its impact on gestational diabetes is scarce. Our goal in this study was to determine the effect of fish oil administration on gene expression related to insulin action, blood lipids, and inflammation in women with GDM. Participants with GDM (n = 40), aged 18-40 years, were randomized to take either 1000 mg fish oil capsules, containing 180 mg eicosapentaenoic acid and 120 mg docosahexaenoic acid (n = 20), or placebo (n = 20) twice a day for 6 weeks. Gene expression related to insulin, lipids, and inflammation was quantified in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of GDM women using Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR) method. Results of RT-PCR indicated that omega-3 supplementation upregulated gene expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-) (P = 0.04) in PBMCs of patients with GDM, compared with the placebo. In addition, gene expression of the low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) (P < 0.001), interleukin-1 (IL-1) (P = 0.007), and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-) (P = 0.01) was downregulated in PBMCs of women with GDM, following omega-3 supplementation. No significant effect of omega-3 supplementation was indicated on gene expression of IL-8 in PBMCs of patients with GDM. Overall, fish oil supplementation for 6 weeks in women with GDM significantly improved gene expression of PPAR-, IL-1, and TNF-, but not gene expression of IL-8.
Thrombin/PAR-1 activation induces endothelial damages via NLRP1 inflammasome in gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of progressing to type 2 DM and cardiovascular disease; however, the pathogenesis is still poorly understood. This study was to investigate roles of thrombin and its receptor protease-activated receptor 1 (PAR-1) and NLRP1 inflammasome in endothelial injury in GDM condition. Umbilical cord and plasma of GDM patients and high glucose (HG) cultured human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) were used to examine the pathological changes of these pathways. Meanwhile, ameliorative effects and potential mechanisms of a natural product sarsasapogenin (Sar) were investigated in HUVECs. Thrombin/PAR-1 pathway, advanced glycation endproducts (AGEs) and their receptor (RAGE) axis, and the nucleotide-binding domain and leucine-rich repeat containing protein 1 (NLRP1) inflammasome were activated in GDM condition and HG-cultured HUVECs, accompanied by endothelial injury (decreased cell viability and increased lactate dehydrogenase release). Nevertheless, thrombin inhibition or PAR-1 antagonism caused decreases in AGEs formation and RAGE expression in HG-cultured HUVECs, while AGEs inhibition or RAGE antagonism declined PAR-1 expression not thrombin activity. Furthermore, thrombin inhibition or PAR-1 antagonism restrained NLRP1 inflammasome activation in HG-cultured HUVECs; meanwhile, NLRP1 expression and interleukin 18 levels were remarkably reduced in HG-cultured HUVECs after PAR-1 knockdown. Interestingly, Sar co-treatment could suppress thrombin/PAR-1 pathway, NLRP1 inflammasome, and AGEs/RAGE axis. Together, endothelial damages in GDM were likely due to enhanced interaction between AGEs/RAGE axis and thrombin/PAR-1 pathway, followed by NLRP1 inflammasome activation. Moreover, Sar may act as a protective agent against endothelial injury in chronic HG condition.
C-reactive protein levels in non-obese pregnant women with gestational diabetes; ROTA, S., YILDIRIM, B., KALELI, B., AYBEK, H., DUMAN, K. and KAPTANOGLU, B. C-Reactive Protein Levels in Non-Obese Pregnant Women with Gestational Diabetes. Tohoku J. Exp. Med., 2005, 206 (4), 341-345 - A low-grade systemic inflammation is concomitant in diabetes. There is a pathophysiological relation between gestational diabetes mellitus and type 2 diabetes mellitus, which was further supported by significantly elevated risk of type 2 diabetes in women with a history of previous gestational diabetes mellitus. We investigated the relation between low-grade systemic inflammation expressed as C-reactive protein and gestational diabetes in non-obese pregnant women. This study included 20 non-obese pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus and 30 non-obese pregnant women without gestational diabetes mellitus as a control group. The body mass index of all the subjects were < 25 kg /m(2). During 26-28 gestational weeks 100-g oral glucose tolerance test was performed and simultaneously fasting C-reactive protein levels were measured. Serum median C-reactive protein level was higher in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (p = 0.0001). C-reactive protein was strongly associated with glycemic parameters and weight gain during pregnancy. A model consisting of glucose intolerance, age, parity, and weight gain during pregnancy accounted for 61 % of the variance in log C-reactive protein. We demonstrated that serum C-reactive protein level was related with gestational diabetes mellitus and weight gain during pregnancy in late second and early third trimesters. - gestational diabetes; CRP; subelinical inflammation; pregnancy; BMI. (c) 2005 Tohoku University Medical Press.
Insulin resistance syndrome in women with prior history of gestational diabetes mellitus; The purpose of this study was to determine the prevalence of insulin resistance syndrome (IRS) and the risk factors for developing IRS among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), compared with controls over 11 post-delivery years. Assessments of 106 women with a prior history of GDM and 101 controls were done on six occasions from 4-11 yr after delivery. Tests included glucose, insulin, lipids, blood pressure, and body measurements. The risk of IRS was analyzed by Cox regression. The results were that 27.2% of GDM and 8.2% of controls developed IRS by 11 yr after delivery. The hazard of developing IRS was 5.6 times (95% confidence interval = 2.6-12.3) among women with prepregnant obesity (body mass index >27.3 kg/m(2)), compared with women with. out prepregnant obesity and 4.4 times (95% confidence interval = 1.7-11.1) in women with a history of GDM, compared with controls. At 11 yr after delivery, the cumulative hazard for developing IRS in the next 2 yr was 26 times higher among GDM with prepregnant obesity, compared with controls without prepregnant obesity. We concluded that obesity and GDM in a prior pregnancy are significant risk factors for developing IRS over time. Early detection of markers of IRS is vital for possible prevention of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular adverse events in women.
Therapies for gestational diabetes and their implications for maternal and offspring health: Evidence from human and animal studies; Obesity prior to and during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of complications during pregnancy. One of the most common complications of pregnancy is gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a condition characterized by hyperglycemia and insulin resistance that is diagnosed in the third trimester of pregnancy. GDM predisposes both mothers and their children to increased obesity and cardiometabolic disorders, namely type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Current treatments include lifestyle changes and insulin injections, but oral anti-diabetic drugs such as metformin and glyburide are increasingly prescribed as they do not require injections. However, the long-term implications of therapies for diabetes during pregnancy on mothers and their offspring are not fully understood. In this review, we describe current treatments for GDM, including the first line lifestyle interventions such as exercise as well as insulin, glyburides and metformin. We also review selected natural health products that are sometimes used by individuals during pregnancy that could also be an effective therapeutic in pregnancies characterized by obesity or GDM. We focus on both the short-and long-term effects of treatments on the health of mothers and their offspring. We review the current literature from clinical research and animal studies. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Evaluation of fetal cardiac function in pregnancies with well-controlled gestational diabetes; Objective To evaluate fetal ventricular diastolic function in pregnancies of women with gestational diabetes (GD), to determine whether minimal anomalies of glucose metabolism may influence fetal cardiac function. Study design Fetal ventricular filling time was measured by transabdominal ultrasound in singleton pregnancies between 34 and 37 weeks of gestation. We used a measurement which consists in the ratio between the diastolic time and the whole cardiac cycle time. Results The study included 35 women with a GD and 217 non-diabetic. Right ventricular filling time (RVFT) was significantly lower in the GD group (mean of RVFT = 39.2 +/- 4.4 vs 43.6 +/- 4.6; p < 0.01). Likewise, left ventricular filling time (LVFT) was shorter in the GD group compared to the non-GD group, though the difference was not significant (mean of LVFT = 43.6 +/- 4.6 vs 44.6 +/- 5.5; p = 0.33). Conclusions Fetal right cardiac function is altered also in pregnancies where gestational diabetes is well controlled.
The Association of Adverse Pregnancy Events and Cardiovascular Disease in Women 50 Years of Age and Older; Objective: This study investigates the association between a prior history of pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease (CVD) among Kentucky women aged >= 50 years. Methods: Data were analyzed from participants (n = 3909) in the Kentucky Women's Health Registry (20062008). Primary outcomes were self-reported prevalence of CVD, including angina, heart attack, heart failure, and arrhythmia. Pregnancy complications used as predictors were preterm labor, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and third trimester bleeding. Logistic regression analyses were conducted to determine associations between prevalence of CVD and pregnancy complications, controlling for age, education, and smoking status. Results: Overall, 199 (5.1%) women reported angina, 79 (2.0%) reported heart attack, 44 (1.1%) reported heart failure, and 642 (16.4%) reported arrhythmia. One pregnancy complication was reported by 614 (15.7%) women, and two or more complications were reported by 130 (3.3%) women. In regression models adjusting for age, education, and smoking, compared to women who were never pregnant, women with no pregnancy complications had a similar risk of reporting heart attack (odds ratio [OR] 1.2, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.5-2.7), but women with one pregnancy complication (OR 2.5, 95% CI 1.03-6.0) and two or more complications (OR 4.2, 95% CI 1.4-10.6) had an increased risk. Similar results were seen for angina and arrhythmia, but not heart failure. Conclusions: Women who experience pregnancy complications are more likely to report prevalent CVD (including angina, heart attack, and arrhythmia), suggesting a link between adverse pregnancy events and CVD. Pregnancy complications may serve as signals for future CVD, presenting an opportunity for early intervention and prevention.
Lifetime history of gestational diabetes and cognitive function in parous women in midlife; Aims/hypothesisWe aimed to determine whether a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with cognitive function in midlife.MethodsWe conducted a secondary data analysis of the prospective Nurses' Health Study II. From 1989 to 2001, and then in 2009, participants reported their history of GDM. A subset participated in a cognition sub-study in 2014-2019 (wave 1) or 2018-2022 (wave 2). We included 15,906 parous participants (>= 1 birth at >= 18 years) who completed a cognitive assessment and were free of CVD, cancer and diabetes before their first birth. The primary exposure was a history of GDM. Additionally, we studied exposure to GDM and subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus (neither GDM nor type 2 diabetes, GDM only, type 2 diabetes only or GDM followed by type 2 diabetes) and conducted mediation analysis by type 2 diabetes. The outcomes were composite z scores measuring psychomotor speed/attention, learning/working memory and global cognition obtained with the Cogstate brief battery. Mean differences (beta and 95% CI) in cognitive function by GDM were estimated using linear regression.ResultsThe 15,906 participants were a mean of 62.0 years (SD 4.9) at cognitive assessment, and 4.7% (n=749) had a history of GDM. In models adjusted for age at cognitive assessment, race and ethnicity, education, wave of enrolment in the cognition sub-study, socioeconomic status and pre-pregnancy characteristics, women with a history of GDM had lower performance in psychomotor speed/attention (beta -0.08; 95% CI -0.14, -0.01) and global cognition (beta -0.06; 95% CI -0.11, -0.01) than those without a history of GDM. The lower cognitive performance in women with GDM was only partially explained by the development of type 2 diabetes.Conclusions/interpretationWomen with a history of GDM had poorer cognition than those without GDM. If replicated, our findings support future research on early risk modification strategies for women with a history of GDM as a potential avenue to decrease their risk of cognitive impairment.
Preventing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women with gestational diabetes - The evidence and potential strategies; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus is a condition strongly related to the development of type 2 diabetes later in life, although the risk and the onset have not been fully identified yet. Although glucose tolerance returns to normal levels after delivery in the majority of women with GDM, this condition represents an early stage in the natural history of T2DM. In addition, women with previous GDM exhibit an increased cardiovascular risk profile and a raised incidence of cardiovascular diseases. Lifestyle changes and pharmacological interventions might be able to reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes in pGDM women, although results are still not conclusive. Long term continuous programs specifically addressed to women with pGDM should be implemented, with the ambitious target to encourage them to regularly check glucose tolerance, lipid profile and other parameters related to cardiovascular diseases, aimed at improving women's health. In this paper, we review the relationship between type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and a history of GDM. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Placental maternal vascular malperfusion and adverse pregnancy outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Maternal vascular malperfusion (MVM) lesions represent hypoxic-ischemic damage to the placenta, and they are associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Women with gestational diabetes (GDM) are at increased risk for pregnancy complications, so we set out to characterize the prevalence and clinical correlates of MVM lesions in this cohort. Methods: This was a retrospective cohort study of 1187/1374 (86.4%) women with GDM delivered between 2009 and 2012 who had placental pathology available. Placental lesions of all types were tabulated and grouped into constructs of related entities. MVM lesions specifically included villous infarcts, decidual vasculopathy, increased syncytial knots, perivillous fibrin, and fibrin deposition. We compared maternal characteristics between women with and without MVM lesions, and we also assessed the impact of these lesions on birth weight, preterm birth, and pre-eclampsia using multivariable logistic regression analysis. Results: MVM lesions were the most common placental lesion type in women with GDM (n = 362, 30.5%). Excess gestational weight gain was independently associated with MVM lesions (aOR 1.42, 95% Cl 1.06-1.91, p = 0.02) after adjusting for maternal characteristics. MVM lesions were associated with lower birth weight (-90.3 g, 95% CI -148.0 to -32.7, p = 0.002), as well as a 2-fold increased risk for delivery of a small for gestational age infant (10.8 vs 5.9%, p = 0.01) in overweight and obese women. MVM lesions were also associated with increased risk for preterm birth <34 weeks (adjusted OR 2.36, 95% Cl 1.31 -4.23, p = 0.004) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP; adjusted OR 1.58, 95% CI 1.13-2.22, p = 0.02). Discussion: Placental maternal vascular malperfusion lesions may be one pathway linking excess gestational weight gain to adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with GDM, and future studies are needed to identify metabolic factors that may explain this association. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular Disease in Women: Clinical Perspectives; Cardiovascular disease continues to be the leading cause of death among women in the United States, accounting for approximate to 1 of every 3 female deaths. Sex-specific data focused on cardiovascular disease have been increasing steadily, yet is not routinely collected nor translated into practice. This comprehensive review focuses on novel and unique aspects of cardiovascular health in women and sex differences as they relate to clinical practice in the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of cardiovascular disease. This review also provides current approaches to the evaluation and treatment of acute coronary syndromes that are more prevalent in women, including myocardial infarction associated with nonobstructive coronary arteries, spontaneous coronary artery dissection, and stress-induced cardiomyopathy (Takotsubo Syndrome). Other cardiovascular disease entities with higher prevalence or unique considerations in women, such as heart failure with preserved ejection fraction, peripheral arterial disease, and abdominal aortic aneurysms, are also briefly reviewed. Finally, recommendations for cardiac rehabilitation are addressed.
Role of Type 2 Diabetes in Determining Retinal, Renal, and Cardiovascular Outcomes in Women With Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; OBJECTIVE Women who have gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have elevated lifetime risks for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD), compared with their peers. However, it is not known whether their risk of CVD is dependent upon the development of T2DM. Thus, we sought to evaluate the role of T2DM in determining vascular outcomes in women with previous GDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS All women in Ontario, Canada, with a live-birth pregnancy between April 1994 and March 2014 (n = 1,515,079) were stratified into the following four groups: women with GDM in whom T2DM subsequently developed (n = 15,585, median age 32 years); those with GDM in whom T2DM did not develop (n = 41,299; median age 32 years); women who did not have GDM but in whom T2DM developed (n = 49,397; median age 31 years); and those with neither GDM nor T2DM (n = 1,408,798; median age 30 years). Women were followed over a median time of 10.0 years for the development of microvascular and macrovascular outcomes. RESULTS Among women who had GDM, only those in whom T2DM developed had an increased risk of vitrectomy/photocoagulation (hazard ratio [HR] 4.49, 95% CI 3.90-5.17), renal dialysis (HR 7.52, 5.24-10.81), and hospitalization for foot infection (HR 4.32, 3.42-5.46) (all P < 0.0001). However, for macrovascular outcomes, both women with GDM in whom T2DM developed and those in whom T2DM did not develop had increased risks of CVD (HR 2.82; 2.41-3.30; P < 0.0001; and HR 1.30; 1.07-1.59; P = 0.008, respectively) and coronary artery disease (HR 3.54; 2.96-4.23; P < 0.0001; and HR 1.41; 1.11-1.80; P = 0.005, respectively), although absolute event rates were very low. CONCLUSIONS Women with GDM have an elevated risk of cardiovascular outcomes, even in the absence of T2DM. In contrast, microvascular risk emerges only in those in whom T2DM develops.
The presence of the peptides apelin, ghrelin and nesfatin-1 in the human breast milk, and the lowering of their levels in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; Numerous bioactive peptides (such as ghrelins) have been identified in breast milk but there is no information concerning apelin and nesfatin-1. Therefore, present study was designated to explore whether breast milk contains apelin and nesfatin-1, to determine the concentrations and to compare these with serum levels. In addition, the concentrations of these peptides were compared in patients with gestational diabetes and normal lactating samples. Furthermore, this study explored the effectivity of various commercial diagnostic kits for determining ghrelin concentrations in breast milk. Ten gestational diabetic lactating women (29.1 +/- 2.2 years old and BMI: 33.2 +/- 4.8) and 10 control lactating women (28.2 +/- 1.8 years old and BMI: 39.48 +/- 1.7) were enrolled in the study. An ELISA was used to determine concentrations of apelin-36 and -12, nesfatin-1, and acylated and desacylated ghrelin in serum, colostrum and mature milk. Serum apelin-36 and -12 concentrations were correlated with colostrum and mature milk, and the same trends were observed for nesfatin-1. Apelins and nesfatin-1 concentrations were higher in mature milk than in colostrum (P < 0.05). The concentration of apelins, ghrelins and nesfatin-1 in serum and milk in gestational diabetic lactating women was lower than in control samples. The majority of ghrelin circulating and in milk was the free form (desacylated) in both groups of women. This is the first report to describe the presence of apelins and nesfatin-1 in breast milk. It is suggested that the source of ghrelins, apelins and nesfatin-1 in breast milk is likely to be breast tissue (autonomous production). These bioactive peptides found in breast milk could be important for growth, energy regulation and maturation of the gastrointestinal system in neonates. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Gestational diabetes alters the fetal heart rate variability during an oral glucose tolerance test: a fetal magnetocardiography study; Objective Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) potentially harms the child before birth. We previously found GDM to be associated with developmental changes in the central nervous system. We now hypothesise that GDM may also impact on the fetal autonomic nervous system under metabolic stress like an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Design We measured heart rate variability (HRV) of mothers and fetuses during a three-point OGTT using fetal magnetocardiography (fMCG). Setting Measurements were performed in the fMEG Centre in Tubingen. Population After exclusion of 23 participants, 13 pregnant women with GDM and 36 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance were examined. Methods All women underwent the same examination setting with OGTT during which fMCG was recorded three times. Main outcome measure(s) Parameters of heart rate variability were measured. Results Compared with mothers with normal glucose regulation, mothers with GDM showed increased heart rate but no significant differences of maternal HRV. In contrast, HRV in fetuses of mothers with GDM differed from those in the metabolically healthy group regarding standard deviation normal to normal beat (SDNN) (P = 0.012), low-frequency band (P = 0.008) and high-frequency band (P = 0.031). These HRV parameters exhibit a decrease only in GDM fetuses during the second hour of the OGTT. Conclusions These results show an altered response of the fetal autonomic nervous system to metabolic stress in GDM-complicated pregnancies. Hence, disturbances in maternal glucose metabolism might not only impact on the central nervous system of the fetus but may also affect the fetal autonomic nervous system.
Associations of overweight and gestational diabetes mellitus with free sugars from solid and liquid sources: cross-sectional and nested case-control analyses; Background Sugar-sweetened beverages have obesogenic and diabetogenic effects ascribed to free sugars. These include added sugars and naturally occurring sugars in juices. A meta-analysis indicates that some foods with added sugars are associated with lower type 2 diabetes rates. To expand the evidence relevant to free sugars from solid sources, we examined a young to middle-aged population with respect to overweight and gestational diabetes (GDM) outcomes. Methods We studied female participants (12-50 years old) from the 2004-2005 Canadian Community Health Survey 2.2 (CCHS) with data linked to the hospital Discharge Abstract Database (DAD) until 2017, providing 13 years of follow-up. We estimated free sugars by solid and liquid sources from 24-h dietary recalls as percent total energy intake (TE%), and computed body mass index (BMI). We applied ICD-10 diagnostic codes for deliveries and GDM to DAD. We conducted multivariable logistic regression analyses to evaluate associations between free sugars with overweight at baseline (cross-sectional component) and, in those who delivered, with GDM during follow-up (nested case control component). We compared those with consumption above versus below various thresholds of intake for free sugars, considering solid and liquid sources separately (2.TE%, 5TE%, 10TE% and 15TE% thresholds). Results Among 6305 participants, 2505 (40%) were overweight, defined as BMI >= 85th percentile below 18 years and BMI >= 25 kg/m(2) for adults. Free sugars from solid sources were associated with lower odds of overweight above versus below the 2.5TE% (adjusted odds ratio [adjOR] 0.80, 95%CI 0.70-0.92), 5TE% (adjOR 0.89, 95%CI 0.79-0.99), and 10TE% (adjOR 0.86, 95%CI 0.75-0.97) thresholds. Free sugars from liquid sources were associated with greater odds of overweight across the 2.5TE% (adjOR 1.20, 95%CI 1.07-1.36), 10TE% (adjOR 1.17, 95%CI 1.02-1.34), and 15TE% (adjOR 1.43, 95%CI 1.23-1.67) thresholds. There were 113 cases of GDM among the 1842 women who delivered (6.1%). Free sugars from solid sources were associated with lower odds of GDM above versus below the 5TE% threshold (adjOR 0.56, 95%CI 0.36-0.85). Conclusions Our findings support limiting free sugars from liquid sources, given associations with overweight. We did not identify adverse associations of free sugars from solid sources across any of the thresholds examined.
How Do the Different Types of Maternal Diabetes during Pregnancy Influence Offspring Outcomes?; Background/Aim of the study: Exposure to maternal diabetes is considered one of the most common in utero insults that can result in an increased risk of complications later in life with a permanent effect on offspring health. In this study, we aim to assess the level of risk associated with each type of maternal diabetes on obesity, glucose intolerance, cardiovascular diseases (CVD), and neurodevelopmental disorders in offspring. Methods: We conducted a systematic review of the literature utilizing PubMed for studies published between January 2007 and March 2022. Our search included human cohorts and case control studies following offspring exposed at least to two different types of maternal diabetes clearly identified during pregnancy. Collected outcomes included prevalence, incidence, odds ratio, hazard ratio and risk ratio. Results: Among 3579 published studies, 19 cohorts were eligible for inclusion in our review. The risks for overweight, obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2D), glucose intolerance, metabolic syndrome, and CVD were increased for all types of maternal diabetes during pregnancy. The risk of overweight or obesity in infancy and in young adults was similar between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 1 diabetes (T1D). The risk for T2D or abnormal glucose tolerance was double for offspring from GDM mothers compared to offspring from T1D mothers. In contrast, the risk for T1D in offspring at any age until young adulthood was increased when mothers had T1D compared to GDM and T2D. The risk for CVD was similar for all types of maternal diabetes, but more significant results were seen in the occurrence of heart failure and hypertension among offspring from T2D mothers. The risk of autism spectrum disorders and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorders was mainly increased after in utero exposure to preexisting T1D, followed by T2D. Conclusions: Offspring of diabetic mothers are at increased risk for multiple adverse outcomes with the highest risk detected among offspring from T2D mothers. Future work warrants large multiethnic prospective cohort studies that aim to identify the risks associated with each type of maternal diabetes separately.
Effect of pioglitazone on progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in non-diabetic premenopausal Hispanic women with prior gestational diabetes; The Pioglitazone in the Prevention of Diabetes (PIPOD) study was a single arm 3-year open-label pioglitazone treatment to determine the effects of pioglitazone in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) who had completed the troglitazone in the Prevention of Diabetes (TRIPOD) study. Here we report the results on progression of subclinical atherosclerosis, measured by carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) in non-diabetic women. Data were analyzed to compare CIMT progression rates during pioglitazone treatment to rates that had been observed during either placebo or troglitazone treatment in the TRIPOD study. Sixty-one women met the entry criteria with mean age of 40 years. In the 30 women who came to PIPOD from the placebo arm of TRIPOD, the CIMT rate was 69% lower during pioglitazone treatment than it had been during placebo (0.0031 vs. 0.0100 mm/yr, p = 0.006). In the 31 women who came to PIPOD from the troglitazone arm of TRIPOD, CIMT rate was 38% lower during pioglitazone than it had been during troglitazone, a difference that was not statistically significant (0.0037 vs. 0.0060 mm/year; p = 0.26). Adjustment for differences in baseline characteristics and potential on-trial confounders did not alter the conclusion but did increase the CIMT rates differences slightly. We conclude that treatment with pioglitazone slowed CIMT progression in women who had been on placebo in the TRIPOD study and maintained a relatively low rate of progression in women who had been on troglitazone. Pioglitazone slows progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in young Hispanic women at increased risk for type 2 diabetes. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Sex of the baby and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in the mother: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims/hypothesis It has recently emerged that carrying a male fetus may be associated with poorer maternal beta cell function and an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Recognising that the overall impact of fetal sex on maternal glucose metabolism is likely to be subtle, we sought to perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies to obtain a robust estimate of the incremental maternal risk of GDM associated with the sex of the baby. Methods We searched PubMed and EMBASE to identify observational studies published between 1 January 1950 and 4 April 2015 that reported data on fetal sex and the prevalence of GDM. Two independent reviewers extracted the data and pooled estimates of the RR were calculated by a random-effects model. We considered male fetus as the exposure and prevalence of GDM as the outcome of interest. Results We identified 320 studies through electronic searches and nine studies through manual searches. Twenty studies met the inclusion criteria, yielding data on 2,402,643 women. Pooled analysis of these studies demonstrated an increased risk of GDM in women carrying a male fetus compared with women carrying a female fetus (RR 1.04; 95% CI 1.02, 1.06). This result was confirmed in a sensitivity analysis including only studies that applied a stringent definition of GDM (RR 1.03; 95% CI 1.01, 1.06) (I (2) = 0%, p = 0.66). Conclusions/interpretation Pregnant women carrying a boy have a 4% higher relative risk of GDM than those carrying a girl. The fetus thus may have previously unsuspected effects on maternal glucose metabolism in pregnancy.
Maternal obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus, and diet in association with neurodevelopment of 2-year-old children; Background: Maternal metabolic disturbances and diet may influence long-term infantile neurodevelopment. We investigated whether maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), obesity, and diet could affect the neurodevelopment of 2-year-old children. Methods: Neurodevelopment of children (n = 243) born to mothers with overweight or obesity was assessed with the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development-Third Edition, and the Hammersmith Infant Neurological Examination. Maternal adiposity was determined by air displacement plethysmography, and GDM with an oral glucose tolerance test. Dietary assessment included diet quality and fish consumption questionnaires, and three-day food diaries, from which dietary inflammatory index (DII (R)) scores were computed. Results: GDM was associated with weaker expressive language skills (adj.beta = -1.12, 95% CI = -2.10;-0.15), and higher maternal adiposity with weaker cognitive, language, and motor skills in children (adj.p < 0.05). Maternal good dietary quality (adj.beta = 0.87, 95% CI = 0.004;1.73) and higher fish consumption (adj.p = 0.02) were related to better expressive language skills. DII scores were not associated with children's neurodevelopment. Conclusions: Findings suggest that GDM and higher maternal adiposity may lead to weaker neurodevelopmental skills, although still within the mean normative range in this population of children. Good dietary quality and higher fish consumption during pregnancy could benefit a child's language development.
Presentation, Clinical Profile, and Prognosis of Young Patients With Myocardial Infarction With Nonobstructive Coronary Arteries (MINOCA): Results From the VIRGO Study; Background-We compared the clinical characteristics and outcomes of young patients with myocardial infarction with nonobstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA) versus obstructive disease (myocardial infarction due to coronary artery disease [MICAD]) and among patients with MINOCA by sex and subtype. Methods and Results-Between 2008 and 2012, VIRGO (Variation in Recovery: Role of Gender on Outcomes of Young AMI Patients) prospectively enrolled acute myocardial infarction patients aged 18 to 55 years in 103 hospitals at a 2: 1 ratio of women to men. Using an angiographically driven taxonomy, we defined patients as having MI-CAD if there was revascularization or plaque >= 50% and as having MINOCA if there was <50% obstruction or a nonplaque mechanism. Patients who did not have an angiogram or who received thrombolytics before an angiogram were excluded. Outcomes included 1- and 12-month mortality and functional (Seattle Angina Questionnaire [SAQ]) and psychosocial status. Of 2690 patients undergoing angiography, 2374 (88.4%) had MICAD, 299 (11.1%) had MINOCA, and 17 (0.6%) remained unclassified. Women had 5 times higher odds of having MINOCA than men (14.9% versus 3.5%; odds ratio: 4.84; 95% confidence interval, 3.29-7.13). MINOCA patients were more likely to be without traditional cardiac risk factors (8.7% versus 1.3%; P<0.001) but more predisposed to hypercoaguable states than MI-CAD patients (3.0% versus 1.3%; P=0.036). Women with MI-CAD were more likely than those with MINOCA to be menopausal (55.2% versus 41.2%; P<0.001) or to have a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (16.8% versus 11.0%; P=0.028). The MINOCA mechanisms varied: a nonplaque mechanism was identified for 75 patients (25.1%), and their clinical profiles and management also varied. One-and 12-month mortality with MINOCA and MI-CAD was similar (1-month: 1.1% and 1.7% [P=0.43]; 12-month: 0.6% and 2.3% [P=0.68], respectively), as was adjusted 12-month SAQ quality of life (76.5 versus 73.5, respectively; P=0.06). Conclusions-Young patients with MINOCA were more likely women, had a heterogeneous mechanistic profile, and had clinical outcomes that were comparable to those of MI-CAD patients.
Assessment of Cardiac Functions in Fetuses of Gestational Diabetic Mothers; We investigated cardiac function in 67 fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers (FGDMs) and 122 fetuses of healthy mothers between 24 and 36 weeks of gestation. Cardiac functions were evaluated by M-mode, pulsed-wave, and tissue Doppler echocardiography. Fetal echocardiograms were performed at 24, 28, 32, and 36 weeks of gestation. Glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels were obtained from all pregnant women at 24 weeks of gestation. The mean age of diabetic pregnant women was significantly greater than that of controls. Serum HbA1c values of both groups were within normal limits, but they were significantly greater in the diabetic group (p = 0.003). The increase in peak aortic and pulmonary artery velocities were greater in FGDM (p < 0.001). No pathological interventricular septal (IVS) hypertrophy was observed. There was a significant increase in IVS thickness in FGDM compared with controls, which was more prominent at the end of the third trimester (p < 0.001). During the course of pregnancy, mitral E-wave (p < 0.001), A-wave (p = 0.007), tricuspid E-wave (p < 0.001) and A-wave (p = 0.002) velocities were greater in FGDM. The increases in mitral E/A and tricuspid E/A ratios were lower in FGDM with advancing gestation. The E (a)-wave (p = 0.02), A (a)-wave (p = 0.04), and S (a)-wave (p < 0.001) velocities of the right-ventricular (RV) free wall and the E (a) (p = 0.02) and A (a) (p = 0.01) velocities of the left-ventricle (LV) posterior wall were greater in FGDM during the course of pregnancy. The E (a)/A (a) ratio of the RV posterior wall was greater in FGDM with advancing gestation (p < 0.03). LV and RV E/E (a) ratios were similar in both groups. The LV myocardial performance index measured by pulsed-wave Doppler was greater in FGDM (p < 0.001). We detected diastolic dysfunction in FGDM. The data suggest that gestational diabetes mellitus may impair ventricular diastolic functions without causing pathological fetal myocardial hypertrophy. We detected subclinical diastolic dysfunction using both pulsed-wave and tissue Doppler imaging in FGDM.
Assessment of arterial stiffness in women with gestational diabetes; Aims Gestational diabetes mellitus may precede development of Type 2 diabetes and may be related to cardiovascular disease. Pulse wave velocity measurement is the gold-standard method to evaluate arterial stiffness, a preclinical cardiovascular risk marker. However, the relationship between aortic stiffness and gestational diabetes is unclear. The aim of this study was to evaluate aortic pulse wave velocity in women with gestational diabetes in comparison with a matched control group of healthy pregnant women. Methods This casecontrol study included 24 women with gestational diabetes and 27 matched control subjects. Clinical, demographic and laboratory variables were obtained and aortic pulse wave velocity were measured. Results Both groups had similar age, gestational age, BMI, ethnicity, smoking status and blood pressure levels. Women with gestational diabetes had aortic pulse wave velocity comparable with control subjects: 7.2 +/- 0.9 vs. 7.3 +/- 1.2 m/s (P = 0.79). When categorized according to the median value of pulse wave velocity (7.3 m/s), age (P < 0.001), diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.03) and heart rate (P = 0.02) were associated with increased arterial stiffness. In the group with gestational diabetes, there was a non-significant trend towards higher 1-h postprandial glycaemia in patients with higher (above the median) pulse wave velocity (6.5 +/- 0.8 vs. 7.1 +/- 1.3 mmol/l, P = 0.22) and a lower prevalence of patients with good glycaemic control (38.5 vs. 72.7%, P = 0.09). Conclusions Although gestational diabetes may be a risk factor for development of cardiovascular disease, women with gestational diabetes do not have higher aortic stiffness than healthy pregnant women. Time of exposure to hyperglycaemia may have been insufficient to increase central arterial stiffness in women with gestational diabetes.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Can Be Prevented by Lifestyle Intervention: The Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL) A Randomized Controlled Trial; OBJECTIVE To assess whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can be prevented by a moderate lifestyle intervention in pregnant women who are at high risk for the disease. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS Two hundred ninety-three women with a history of GDM and/or a prepregnancy BMI of >= 30 kg/m(2) were enrolled in the study at <20 weeks of gestation and were randomly allocated to the intervention group (n = 155) or the control group (n = 138). Each subject in the intervention group received individualized counseling on diet, physical activity, and weight control from trained study nurses, and had one group meeting with a dietitian. The control group received standard antenatal care. The diagnosis of GDM was based on a 75-g, 2-h oral glucose tolerance test at 24-28 weeks of gestation. RESULTS A total of 269 women were included in the analyses. The incidence of GDM was 13.9% in the intervention group and 21.6% in the control group ([95% CI 0.40-0.98%]; P = 0.044, after adjustment for age, prepregnancy BMI, previous GDM status, and the number of weeks of gestation). Gestational weight gain was lower in the intervention group (20.58 kg [95% CI 21.12 to 20.04 kg]; adjusted P = 0.037). Women in the intervention group increased their leisure time physical activity more and improved their dietary quality compared with women in the control group. CONCLUSIONS A moderate individualized lifestyle intervention reduced the incidence of GDM by 39% in high-risk pregnant women. These findings may have major health consequences for both the mother and the child.
Outcomes in women with a history of gestational diabetes. Screening and prevention of type 2 diabetes. Literature review; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are characterized by a high risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (x 7), metabolic syndrome (x 2 to 5) and cardiovascular diseases (x 1,7). Women with lesser degrees of glucose intolerance share the same risks. T2DM may occur from post-partum (5 to 14%) to several years later, up to 25 years. Some factors associated with T2DM are identified: obesity, early diagnosis of GDM before 24 weeks gestation, high pregnancy OGTT blood glucose or insulin-therapy during GDM. Screening for T2DM only with fasting glucose provides less sensibility than with OGTT; HbA(1c) may supplant these dosages. The recurrence rate of GDM is between 30 and 84%, non-white ethnicity and insulinotherapy during GDM being the best proven predictors. High risk women need repeated life-long screenings for glycaemic abnormalities, or when another pregnancy is planned. Among obese women with history of GDM who show minor glycoregulation disturbances, modifications of lifestyle in intensive programs or metformin halve the risk of DT2. However, studies analysing practices show low adhesion to screening; without an intensive program, few women implement lifestyle modifications. These intensive programs should be implemented and proposed to high-risk women. Their therapeutic education should also include prevention of cardiovascular risk factors. (C) 2010 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Noninvasive assessment of subclinical atherosclerosis in normotensive gravidae with gestational diabetes; Carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT), hyperhomocysteinemia, microalbuminuria, and nitric oxide reflect subclinical atherosclerosis and predict the risk of future cardiovascular events. We aimed to evaluate the presence of subclinical atherosclerosis and endothelial dysfunction in normotensive patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) noninvasively. We enrolled 41 normotensive patients with GDM and 44 healthy gravidae in the study. Serum homocysteine and nitric oxide levels, urinary albumin excretion (microalbuminuria), and CIMT were evaluated along with lipid parameters and anthropometric measurements. Patients with GDM had significantly higher levels of serum homocysteine, urinary albumin excretion, and increased CIMT (p < 0.001, p=0.005, and p < 0.001, respectively). Nitric oxide levels were significantly reduced in the patient group (p < 0.001). There was a significant difference between groups in terms of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) but not of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and triglyceride levels. A significant correlation was observed between CIMT and serum LDL, HDL, homocysteine, nitric oxide levels, and urinary albumin excretion. Microalbuminuria was significantly correlated with serum homocysteine levels (p=0.03) but not with nitric oxide. Independent of elevated blood pressure, subclinical atherosclerosis and endothelial dysfunction exist in normotensive patients with GDM. Further studies with a large number of participants are required to clarify these data.
Is fibroblast growth factor 23 a new cardiovascular risk marker in gestational diabetes?; Objective: This study was designed to compare the serum levels of fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23) among patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and healthy pregnant women, and to evaluate the association between hormonal and metabolic parameters. Subjects and methods: A total of 82 pregnant women were consecutively enrolled in the study. Of these, 46 were diagnosed as having GDM; the remaining 36 healthy pregnant women served as controls in a cross-sectional study design. The womens' ages ranged from 22 to 38 years and gestational ages, from 24 to 28 weeks. Serum samples were analyzed for FGF23 levels using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Results: Serum FGF23 levels were increased in patients with GDM compared with controls (median, 65.3 for patients with GDM vs. 36.6 ng/mL for healthy controls; p = 0.019). Mean fasting glucose (105.6 +/- 7.4 vs. 70.2 +/- 7.2 mg/dL, p < 0.001), HbA1c (5.6 +/- 0.5 vs. 4.9 +/- 0.5%, p < 0.001), insulin (median, 11.1 vs. 8.7 mu IU/mL, p = 0.006) and HOMA-IR (3.0 (1.8) vs 1.4 (0.6), p < 0.001) levels were significantly higher in patients with GDM than in controls. Serum FGF23 level was positively correlated with body mass index (r(2) = 0.346, p < 0.05), FPG (r(2) = 0.264, p < 0.05), insulin (r(2) = 0.388, p < 0.05), HOMA-IR (r(2) = 0.384, p < 0.05). Conclusion: Serum FGF23 levels were higher in women with GDM compared with controls. The present findings suggest that FGF23 could be a useful marker of cardiovascular disease in GDM.
Metabolic signatures in the conversion from gestational diabetes mellitus to postpartum abnormal glucose metabolism: a pilot study in Asian women; We aimed to identify serum metabolites related to abnormal glucose metabolism (AGM) among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The study recruited 50 women diagnosed with GDM during mid-late pregnancy and 50 non-GDM matchees in a Singapore birth cohort. At the 5-year post-partum follow-up, we applied an untargeted approach to investigate the profiles of serum metabolites among all participants. We first employed OPLS-DA and logistic regression to discriminate women with and without follow-up AGM, and then applied area under the curve (AUC) to assess the incremental indicative value of metabolic signatures on AGM. We identified 23 candidate metabolites that were associated with postpartum AGM among all participants. We then narrowed down to five metabolites [p-cresol sulfate, linoleic acid, glycocholic acid, lysoPC(16:1) and lysoPC(20:3)] specifically associating with both GDM and postpartum AGM. The combined metabolites in addition to traditional risks showed a higher indicative value in AUC (0.92-0.94 vs. 0.74 of traditional risks and 0.77 of baseline diagnostic biomarkers) and R-2 (0.67-0.70 vs. 0.25 of traditional risks and 0.32 of baseline diagnostic biomarkers) in terms of AGM indication, compared with the traditional risks model and traditional risks and diagnostic biomarkers combined model. These metabolic signatures significantly increased the AUC value of AGM indication in addition to traditional risks, and might shed light on the pathophysiology underlying the transition from GDM to AGM.
Prepregnancy adherence to dietary patterns and lower risk of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Previous studies observed inverse associations of adherence to the alternate Mediterranean (aMED), Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), and alternate Healthy Eating Index (aHEI) dietary patterns with risk of type 2 diabetes; however, their associations with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk are unknown. Objective: This study aimed to assess usual prepregnancy adherence to well-known dietary patterns and GDM risk. Design: Our study included 21,376 singleton live births reported from 15,254 participants of the Nurses' Health Study II cohort between 1991 and 2001. Pregnancies were free of prepregnancy chronic disease or previous GDM. Prepregnancy dietary pattern adherence scores were computed based on participants' usual intake of the patterns' components, assessed with a validated food-frequency questionnaire. Multivariable logistic regressions with generalized estimating equations were used to estimate the RRs and 95% CIs. Results: Incident first-time GDM was reported in 872 pregnancies. All 3 scores were inversely associated with GDM risk after adjustment for several covariables. In a comparison of the multivariable risk of GDM in participants in the fourth and first quartiles of dietary pattern adherence scores, aMED was associated with a 24% lower risk (RR: 0.76; 95% CI: 0.60, 0.95; P-trend = 0.004), DASH with a 34% lower risk (RR: 0.66; 95% CI: 0.53, 0.82; P-trend = 0.0005), and aHEI with a 46% lower risk (RR: 0.54; 95% CI: 0.43, 0.68; P-trend < 0.0001). Conclusion: Prepregnancy adherence to healthful dietary patterns is significantly associated with a lower risk of GDM. Am J Clin Nutr 2012;96:289-95.
Controversies in gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and controversy are old friends. However, several major studies in the field have clarified some of the main issues. There is now no doubt that hyperglycaemia, at levels less than those that occur in overt diabetes, is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as large-for-gestational age infants, neonatal hyperinsulinism, neonatal hypoglycaemia and preeclampsia. We also have evidence now that a standard approach to GDM with diagnosis at 24-28 weeks, dietary advice, self-monitoring of blood glucose and insulin therapy as needed reduces these adverse perinatal outcomes. Unknown, however, is if this same approach is effective at reducing long-term risks of metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in both the mothers and babies. For example, could our management strategies miss critical time points of fuel-mediated injury to the foetus important for the baby's long-term metabolic health? The implications of a recent international consensus statement on new diagnostic criteria for GDM are discussed, as well as issues relating to the timing of diagnosis. The potential place for a risk calculator for adverse outcomes in GDM pregnancy that takes into account glycaemic and non-glycaemic risk factors is considered. Such a tool could help stratify GDM women to different levels of care. Ongoing issues relating to maternal glycaemic and foetal growth targets, and the use of oral hypoglycaemic agents in GDM are discussed. To resolve some of the remaining controversies, further carefully designed randomised controlled trials in GDM with long-term follow-up of both mothers and babies are necessary. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Five-year risk of all-cause death and cardiovascular events in women with gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; Background: . The long-term impact of gestational complications on cardiovascular outcomes in women remains a subject of debate. Aim: To assess the 5 -year risk of cardiovascular events and all -cause mortality in women with gestational diabetes and hypertension. Methods: Retrospective study utilising an health research network(TriNetX). The primary outcome was the composite risk of a cardiovascular event within 5 years with secondary outcomes being its components (all -cause death, acute heart failure, myocardial infarction, ischaemic stroke). Women were categorised into 8 different groups based on the ICD-codes for pregnancy related complications recorded 9 months before the delivery:1) gestational diabetes,2) gestational hypertension,3) gestational diabetes with gestational hypertension,4) gestational diabetes with gestational hypertension without pre-eclampsia or eclampsia,5) gestational diabetes with pre eclampsia or eclampsia,6) gestational hypertension without pre-eclampsia or eclampsia,7) preeclampsia or eclampsia,and 8) no gestational complications. Cox -regression analyses were used to produce hazard ratios (HRs) and 95 % confidence intervals (CI) before and after propensity score matching (PSM). Results: We identified, 24,402 women with gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension and 920,478 without gestational complications. After PSM, compared to women without pregnancy complications, women with gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension had a higher 5 -year risk of composite outcome(HR 2.25,95 %CI 2.02-2.51), all -cause death(HR 1.64,95 %CI 1.312.06), acute heart failure(HR 2.06,95 %CI 1.69-2.52), myocardial infarction(HR 2.46,95 %CI 1.93-3.14), and ischemic stroke(HR 2.37,95 %CI 2.06-2.74). Women who experienced preeclampsia or eclampsia showed the highest risk of primary and secondary outcomes. Conclusions: Gestational complications are associated with worse long-term cardiovascular outcomes. There is a clear call to action required to improve the longitudinal management of gestational complications to improve women 's long-term health.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Impairs Nrf2-Mediated Adaptive Antioxidant Defenses and Redox Signaling in Fetal Endothelial Cells In Utero; In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in later life, yet the underlying mechanisms remain to be elucidated. We examined the effects of GDM on the proteome, redox status, and nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2)-mediated antioxidant gene expression in human fetal endothelial cells. Proteomic analysis revealed that proteins involved in redox homeostasis were significantly altered in GDM and associated with increased mitochondrial superoxide generation, protein oxidation, DNA damage, and diminished glutathione (GSH) synthesis. In GDM cells, the lipid peroxidation product 4-hydroxynonenal (HNE) failed to induce nuclear Nrf2 accumulation and mRNA and/or protein expression of Nrf2 and its target genes NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1), Bach1, cystine/glutamate transporter, and glutamate cysteine ligase. Although methylation of CpG islands in Nrf2 or NQO1 promoters was unaltered by GDM, decreased DJ-1 and increased phosphorylated glycogen synthase kinase 3 levels may account for impaired Nrf2 signaling. HNE-induced increases in GSH and NQO1 levels were abrogated by Nrf2 small interfering RNA in normal cells, and overexpression of Nrf2 in GDM cells partially restored NQO1 induction. Dysregulation of Nrf2 in fetal endothelium may contribute to the increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in offspring.
Cardiometabolic Consequences of Gestational Dysglycemia; The development of gestational diabetes and even milder forms of dysglycemia during pregnancy represents a maternal phenotype at increased subsequent risk for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, and, with time, overt cardiovascular disease. A careful and systematic dissection of the hormonal, metabolic, and vascular changes occurring in such women during pregnancy and over the postpartum years provides a unique opportunity to identify conventional and novel conditions and biomarkers whose modification may attenuate adverse long-term outcomes, particularly cardiovascular risk. The purpose of this review is to summarize current understanding of the magnitude of such risk and its potential causes, with a particular focus on postpartum alterations in endothelial and vascular smooth muscle responsiveness. (C) 2013 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation
Pre-eclampsia and Cardiovascular Disease Risk Assessment in Women; The underlying contributors of many cardiovascular events are often present decades before the onset of clinical symptoms, and the presence of risk factors in early life significantly influences risk of premature cardiovascular disease (CVD). The considerable burden of CVD in women and on health care resources necessitates an emphasis on prevention and early risk screening in women, before the development of the disease itself. The 2011 update to the American Heart Association's Effectiveness-Based Guidelines for the prevention of CVD acknowledges the contribution of the common pregnancy-related medical complications to a woman's cardiovascular risk, identifying pre-eclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes mellitus as risk factors for heart disease and stroke. The aims of this review are to examine risk factors in young women and their role in the development of premature CVD, with particular attention paid to PE as a marker of a woman's cardiovascular risk. Current screening practices will be discussed, as will their influences on identifying and reducing cardiovascular risk and subsequent disease in younger women.
Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Relation to Maternal Egg and Cholesterol Intake; Higher egg and cholesterol intakes are associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. However, their association with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has not been evaluated. The authors assessed such associations in both a prospective cohort study (1996-2008; 3,158 participants) and a case-control study (1998-2002; 185 cases, 411 controls). A food frequency questionnaire was used to assess maternal diet. Multivariable models were used to derive relative risks and 95% confidence intervals. Compared with no egg consumption, adjusted relative risks for GDM were 0.94, 1.01, 1.12, 1.54, and 2.52 for consumption of <= 1, 2-3, 4-6, 7-9, and >= 10 eggs/week, respectively (P for trend = 0.008). Women with high egg consumption (>= 7/week) had a 1.77-fold increased risk compared with women with lower consumption (95% confidence interval (CI): 1.19, 2.63). The relative risk for the highest quartile of cholesterol intake (>= 294 mg/day) versus the lowest (< 151 mg/day) was 2.35 (95% CI: 1.35, 4.09). In the case-control study, the adjusted odds ratio for consuming >= 7 eggs/week versus < 7 eggs/week was 2.65 (95% CI: 1.48, 4.72), and the odds of GDM increased with increasing cholesterol intake (P for trend = 0.021). In conclusion, high egg and cholesterol intakes before and during pregnancy are associated with increased risk of GDM.
Implementing a healthy postpartum lifestyle after gestational diabetes or preeclampsia: a qualitative study of the partner's role; BackgroundWomen with preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for later cardiovascular disease, and lifestyle measures are recommended to prevent subsequent disease. Partner support has been shown to be important in lifestyle modification in other diseases, but there is a lack of knowledge of partner involvement in PE and GDM. The aim of this study was to explore the partner's experiences and knowledge of gestational diseases, and how the partner wishes to contribute to lifestyle change.MethodsA qualitative study with one focus group interview and seven in-depth individual interviews, involving eleven partners of women with a pregnancy complicated by GDM or PE. The interview data were inductively analysed using four-step systematic text condensation, supported by interdependence theory.ResultsPartners experienced a strong "we-feeling" and wanted to support the woman in lifestyle changes. At the same time, they felt insecure, worried, foolish and left out and they missed information from clinicians. The partners felt that their involvement was crucial to lasting lifestyle changes and expected that the clinicians would routinely invite them to discuss lifestyle change.ConclusionsPartners considered themselves an important resource for lifestyle changes for women with PE and GDM, but missed being more directly invited, informed and included in maternity care and wanted to participate in the care that followed the gestational disease. This study can help health professionals to realize that partners are an overlooked resource that can make important contributions to improve the health of the whole family if they are involved and supported by health services.
Obesity and cardiovascular disease in women; As the prevalence of obesity continues to grow worldwide, the health and financial burden of obesity-related comorbidities grows too. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is clearly associated with increased adiposity. Importantly, women are at higher risk of CVD when obese and insulin resistant, in particular at higher risk of developing heart failure with preserved ejection fraction and ischemic heart disease. Increased aldosterone and mineralocorticoid receptor activation, aberrant estrogenic signaling and elevated levels of androgens are among some of the proposed mechanisms explaining the heightened CVD risk. In addition to traditional cardiovascular risk factors, understanding nontraditional risk factors specific to women, like excess weight gain during pregnancy, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and menopause are central to designing personalized interventions aimed to curb the epidemic of CVD. In the present review, we examine the available evidence supporting a differential cardiovascular impact of increased adiposity in women compared with men and the proposed pathophysiological mechanisms behind these differences. We also discuss women-specific cardiovascular risk factors associated with obesity and insulin resistance.
Pregnancy-Induced Hypertension and Diabetes and the Risk of Cardiovascular Disease, Stroke, and Diabetes Hospitalization in the Year Following Delivery; Although pregnancy events predict the long-term risk of chronic disease, little is known about their short-term impact because of the rarity of clinical events. We examined hospital discharge diagnoses linked to birth certificate data in the year following delivery for 849,639 births during 1995-2004 in New York City, New York. Adjusted odds ratios characterized the relationship between pregnancy complications and subsequent hospitalization for cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes. Gestational hypertension was related to heart failure (adjusted odds ratio = 2.6, 95% confidence interval: 1.5, 4.5). Preeclampsia was related to all of the outcomes considered except type 1 diabetes, with adjusted odds ratios ranging from 2.0 to 4.1. Gestational diabetes was strongly related to the risk of subsequent diabetes (for type 1 diabetes, adjusted odds ratio = 40.4, 95% confidence interval: 23.8, 68.5; for type 2 diabetes, adjusted odds ratio = 22.6, 95% confidence interval: 16.9, 30.4) but to no other outcomes. The relationship of pregnancy complications to future chronic disease is apparent as early as the year following delivery. Moreover, elucidating short-term clinical outcomes offers the potential for etiological insights into the relationship between pregnancy events and chronic disease over the life course.
Rising plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and hypoadiponectinemia characterize the cardiometabolic biomarker profile of women with recent gestational diabetes; Background: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and milder gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) identify women at risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. Accordingly, the postpartum years after gestational dysglycemia can provide insight into early events in the natural history of these disorders. We thus sought to prospectively evaluate the relationship between gestational glucose tolerance and emerging cardiometabolic biomarkers [adiponectin, chemerin, retinol-binding protein-4 (RBP-4), C-reactive protein (CRP), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1)] at both 1- and 3-years postpartum in a cohort reflecting the full spectrum of gestational dysglycemia (from normal to GIGT to GDM). Methods: Three-hundred-and-thirty-nine women completed a glucose challenge test (GCT) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy, which identified 4 gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 105); GIGT (n = 59); abnormal GCT with normal OGTT (n = 99); and normal GCT with normal OGTT (n = 76). At 1- and 3-years postpartum, the women underwent repeat OGTT with measurement of biomarkers (adiponectin/chemerin/RBP-4/CRP/PAI-1). Results: Serum adiponectin was lower in women with GDM and GIGT at both 1-year and 3-years (both P <= 0.002), whereas chemerin, RBP-4, CRP and PAI-1 showed no differences across the 4 groups. Importantly, the change in PAI-1 between 1- and 3-years progressively increased from the normal GCT group to the abnormal GCT group to GIGT to GDM (P = 0.03). Indeed, both GDM (t = 2.98, P = 0.003) and GIGT (t = 2.14, P = 0.03) independently predicted an increase in PAI-1 from 1- to 3-years postpartum. Conclusions: Hypoadiponectinemia and rising PAI-1 over time are early features of the cardiometabolic biomarker profile of women with recent gestational dysglycemia.
Conjoint Associations of Gestational Diabetes and Hypertension With Diabetes, Hypertension, and Cardiovascular Disease in Parents: A Retrospective Cohort Study; The conjoint association of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational hypertension (GH) with cardiometabolic disease has not been well studied. We evaluated a combined GDM/GH risk indicator in bothmothers and fathers because of shared spousal behaviors and environments. In the present population-based retrospective cohort study, GH was identified in matched pairs of mothers with GDM or without GDM (matched on age group, health region, and year of delivery) who had singleton live births in Quebec, Canada (1990-2007). A total of 64,232 couples were categorized based on GDM/GH status (neither, either, or both). Associations with diabetes, hypertension, and a composite of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality were evaluated using Cox proportional hazard models (from 12 weeks postpartum to March 2012). Compared with having neither GDM nor GH, having either was associated with incident diabetes (hazard ratio (HR) = 14.7, 95% confidence interval (CI): 12.9, 16.6), hypertension (HR = 1.9, 95% CI: 1.8, 2.0), and CVD/mortality (HR = 1.4, 95% CI: 1.2, 1.7). We found associations of greater magnitude among participants who had both (for diabetes, HR = 36.9, 95% CI: 26.0, 52.3; for hypertension, HR = 5.7, 95% CI: 4.9, 6.7; and for CVD/mortality, HR = 2.4, 95% CI: 1.6, 3.5). Associations with diabetes were also observed in fathers (for either, HR = 1.2, 95% CI: 1.1, 1.3; for both, HR = 1.8, 95% CI: 1.4, 2.3). In conclusion, we found associations of a combined GDM/GH indicator with cardiometabolic disease inmothers and with diabetes in fathers, with stronger associations when both GDM and GH were present.
Changes in the shape and function of the fetal heart of pre- and gestational diabetes mothers; Background Hyperglycemia during pregnancy can affect fetal heart in many ways, including causing cardiac malformation, leading to hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and cardiac dysfunction. Echocardiographic evaluation can assist identify alterations in heart structure, morphology and function, enabling prompt monitoring and management. However, according to earlier research, the cardiac alterations are modest in hyperglycemic mothers' fetuses, and might not be detectable using conventional methods and it is also unclear whether these changes are related to the metabolism of mothers. Fetal Heart Quantification (Fetal HQ) can assess ventricular geometry and function more sensitively and thoroughly, and identify sub-clinical cardiac dysfunction. The purpose of this study was to evaluate fetal heart by Fetal HQ in fetuses of hyperglycemic mothers who either had pre-gestational or gestational diabetes and to correlate them with maternal metabolic indices.Methods The fetuses of 25 gestational age-matched control mothers, 48 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and 11 women with diabetes mellitus (DM) were included in the prospective case-control research. Using fetal echocardiography and speckle tracking echocardiography (STE), the heart of the fetus was evaluated. Differences in the groups' anthropometric, metabolic, and cardiac parameters were examined. It was assessed whether maternal features, prenatal glucose, lipids, and maternal hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) correlated with fetal cardiac parameters.Results The LV EDV and ESV were significantly higher in the GDM group as compared to the DM group (p < 0.05). The GSI% was significantly lower in the GDM group compared with the control (p < 0.05). The LV SV and CO of the GDM group were both significantly higher compared with the DM group (p < 0.05). There was a significant decrease in RV FS for segments 1-7 in GDM fetuses compared to the control (p < 0.05) and for segments 5-10 compared to DM (p < 0.05). Fetal cardiac morphology and function indices correlate with maternal pregestational weight, BMI, early pregnancy fast glucose, lipids, and glycemic control levels.Conclusions Fetuses exposed to gestational diabetes have altered heart morphology and function that is linked to maternal metabolic parameters, which presents a special indication for performing geometry and function cardiac assessment. Fetal HQ can be employed to evaluate the fetal cardiac shape and function in fetuses exposed to gestational diabetes.
Association of Maternal Prepregnancy Diabetes and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus With Congenital Anomalies of the Newborn; OBJECTIVE To examine the association of maternal prepregnancy diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and 12 subtypes of congenital anomalies of the newborn. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We included 29,211,974 live births with maternal age ranging from 18 to 49 years old documented in the National Vital Statistics System in the U.S. from 2011 to 2018. Information on prepregnancy diabetes, GDM, and congenital anomalies was retrieved from birth certificates. Log-binomial regression was used to estimate risk ratios (RRs) and 95% CIs for congenital anomalies overall and by subtypes. RESULTS Of the 29,211,974 live births, there were 90,061 infants who had congenital anomalies identified at birth. The adjusted RRs of congenital anomalies at birth were 2.44 (95% CI 2.33-2.55) for prepregnancy diabetes and 1.28 (95% CI 1.24-1.31) for GDM. The associations were generally consistent across subgroups by maternal age, race/ethnicity, prepregnancy obesity status, and infant sex. For specific subtypes of congenital anomalies, maternal prepregnancy diabetes or GDM was associated with an increased risk of most subtypes. For example, the adjusted RRs of cyanotic congenital heart disease were 4.61 (95% CI 4.28-4.96) for prepregnancy diabetes and 1.50 (95% CI 1.43-1.58) for GDM; the adjusted RRs of hypospadias were 1.88 (95% CI 1.67-2.12) for prepregnancy diabetes and 1.29 (95% CI 1.21-1.36) for GDM. CONCLUSIONS Prepregnancy diabetes and, to a lesser extent, GDM were associated with several subtypes of congenital anomalies of the newborn. These findings suggest potential benefits of preconception counseling in women with preexisting diabetes or at risk for GDM for the prevention of congenital anomalies.
Increased Risk of Hypertension After Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Findings from a large prospective cohort study; OBJECTIVE-Whether a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of hypertension after the index pregnancy is not well established. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-We investigated the association between GDM and subsequent risk of hypertension after the index pregnancy among 25,305 women who reported at least one singleton pregnancy between 1991 and 2007 in the Nurses' Health Study II. RESULTS-During 16 years of follow-up, GDM developed in 1,414 women (5.6%) and hypertension developed in 3,138. A multivariable Cox proportional hazards model showed women with a history of GDM had a 26% increased risk of developing hypertension compared with those without a history of GDM (hazard ratio 1.26 [95% CI 1.11-1.431; P = 0.0004). These results were independent of pregnancy hypertension or subsequent type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS-These results indicate that women with GDM are at a significant increased risk of developing hypertension after the index pregnancy.
Experimental Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Induces Blunted Vasoconstriction and Functional Changes in the Rat Aorta; Diabetic conditions increase vascular reactivity to angiotensin II in several studies but there are scarce reports on cardiovascular effects of hypercaloric diet (HD) induced gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), so the objective of this work was to determine the effects of HD induced GDM on vascular responses. Angiotensin II as well as phenylephrine induced vascular contraction was tested in isolated aorta rings with and without endotheliumfromrats fed for 7 weeks (4 before and 3 weeks during pregnancy) with standard (SD) or hypercaloric (HD) diet. Also, protein expression of AT 1 R, AT(2)R, COX-1, COX-2, NOS-1, and NOS-3 and plasma glucose, insulin, and angiotensin II levels were measured. GDM impaired vasoconstrictor response (P < 0.05 versus SD) in intact (e+) but not in endothelium-free (e-) vessels. Losartan reduced GDMbut not SD e-vasoconstriction (P < 0.01 versus SD). AT 1 R, AT 2 R, and COX-1 and COX-2 protein expression were significantly increased in GDM vessels (P < 0.05 versus SD). Results suggest an increased participation of endothelium vasodilator mediators, probably prostaglandins, as well as of AT 2 vasodilator receptors as a compensatory mechanism for vasoconstrictor changes generated by experimental GDM. Considering the short term of rat pregnancy findings can reflect early stage GDM adaptations.
Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) increases the risk of subsequent gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): A novel therapeutic perspective; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a multifactorial disorder that harms both the reproductive as well as metabolic health of women. In addition, PCOS is a leading symptom of infertility in women. Nevertheless, PCOSafflicted women who are fortunate enough to become pregnant unfortunately have an increased risk of pregnancy complications, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, etc. Many people believe GDM disappears after childbirth, despite the fact that GDM is a warning symptom of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease (CVD). According to growing evidence, GDM complicates 40 % of PCOS pregnancies, suggesting that PCOS is a risk factor for GDM. Hence, PCOS is a lifelong disorder that can eventually lead to various long-term health complications, including chronic menstrual irregularity, infertility, endometrial hyperplasia, and endometrial cancer. Thus, it's an undeniable scientific fact that both PCOS and GDM are significantly associated with each other. However, most studies on the risk of GDM in PCOS patients are retrospective, hence inconclusive evidence exists as to whether PCOS per se is a risk factor for GDM or any other factor associated. Henceforth, we intend to get a better therapeutic perspective of the maternal health complications associated with PCOS and GDM.
Screening of mitochondrial mutations and insertion-deletion polymorphism in gestational diabetes mellitus in the Asian Indian population; In this study we scrutinized the association between the A8344G/A3243G mutations and a 9-bp deletion polymorphism with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in an Asian Indian population. The A3243G mutation in the mitochondrial tRNA(Leu(UUR)) causes mitochondrial encephalopathy myopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes (MELAS), while the A8344G mutation in tRNA(Lys) causes myoclonus epilepsy with ragged red fibers (MERRF). We screened 140 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM and 140 non-GDM participants for these mutations by PCR-RFLP analysis. Both A3243G and A8344G were associated with GDM (A3243: OR-3.667, 95% CI = 1.001-13.43, p = 0.03; A8344G: OR-11.00, 95% CI = 0.6026-200.8, p = 0.04). Mitochondrial DNA mutations contribute to the development of GDM. Our results conclude that mitochondrial mutations are associated with the GDM women in our population. Thus it is important to screen other mitochondrial mutations in the GDM women. (C) 2014 Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of King Saud University.
Plasma adiponectin, insulin sensitivity, and subclinical inflammation in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE - Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) are at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes and associated vasculopathy. Because increased fat mass and inflammatory processes are angiopathic risk factors, the relationship between insulin sensitivity, parameters of subclinical inflammation, and plasma concentrations of adipocytokines was investigated in pGDM both at 3 months and 12 months after delivery. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - insulin sensitivity (through a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test) and plasma concentrations of ultrasensitive C-reactive protein (CRP), adiponectin, plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI)-1, tumor necrosis factor-alpha., leptin, and interleukin-6 were measured in 89 pGDM (BMI 26.9 +/- 0.5 kg/m(2), age 32 +/- 0.5 years) and in 19 women with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy (NGT) (23.7 +/- 0.9 kg/m(2), 31 +/- 1.3 years). RESULTS - pGDM showed lower (P < 0.0001) plasma adiponectin (6.7 - 0.2 mug/ml) than NGT (9.8 +/- 0.6 mug/ml) and a decreased (P < 0.003) insulin sensitivity index (S-i) and disposition index (P < 0.03), but increased plasma leptin (P < 0.003), PAI-1 (P < 0.002), and CRP (P < 0.03). After adjustment for body fat mass, plasma adiponectin remained lower in pGDM (P < 0.004) and correlated positively with S-i (P < 0.003) and HDL cholesterol (P < 0.0001) but negatively with plasma glucose (2-h oral glucose tolerance test [OGTT]) (P < 0.0001), leptin (P < 0.01), CRP (P < 0.007), and PAI-1 (P < 0.0001). On regression analysis, only HDL cholesterol, postload (2-h OGTT) plasma glucose, and S-i remained significant predictors of. plasma adiponectin, explaining 42% of its variability. Of note, adiponectin further decreased (P < 0.05) only in insulin-resistant, pGDM despite unchanged body fat content and distribution after a 1-year follow-up. CONCLUSIONS - Lower plasma adiponectin concentrations characterize women with previous GDM independently of the prevailing insulin sensitivity or the degree of obesity and are associated with subclinical inflammation and atherogenic parameters.
A Review of the Health Beliefs and Lifestyle Behaviors of Women with Previous Gestational Diabetes; Objective: To critically review and synthesize original research designed to examine the health beliefs, including risk perceptions and health behaviors related to diet and physical activity of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Data Sources: PubMed and CINAHL databases were searched for studies published in the last decade (1998-2008) that examined variables related to the health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Keyword searches included health beliefs, health behaviors, perceived risk, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, diet, physical activity, and postpartum. Study Selection: Eight articles, representing 6 studies, were selected that met the inclusion criteria of original research, dependent variable of health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, and measurement after pregnancy. Data Extraction: Articles were reviewed and discussed according to the concepts of risk perception and health beliefs, health behaviors related to diet and physical activity, and psychosocial factors related to women's health beliefs and behaviors. Data Synthesis: Data revealed common health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, including low risk perceptions for future type 2 diabetes mellitus and suboptimal levels of physical activity and fruit and vegetable intake. The majority of studies revealed a distinct knowledge-behavior gap among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, whereas others revealed a lack of knowledge regarding necessary lifestyle modifications. Conclusions: Findings from this review may assist women's health researchers and clinicians in developing appropriate interventions for increasing risk awareness, promoting self-efficacy for weight loss and physical activity behaviors, and decreasing rates of diabetes and cardiovascular disease among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Further research is necessary to identify factors that influence the health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Future research should focus on populations of greater racial, ethnic, and socioeconomic diversity, as the majority of studies have been conducted with non-Hispanic White, socioeconomically advantaged women.
Biomarkers of vascular injury and endothelial dysfunction after recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy; Objective: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus and milder gestational impaired glucose intolerance have elevated future risks of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, it is unclear whether they show postpartum evidence of vascular injury/dysfunction, an early event in the natural history of cardiovascular disease. Methods: In total, 337 women underwent a glucose challenge test and oral glucose tolerance test in pregnancy, yielding four gestational glucose tolerance groups: gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational impaired glucose intolerance, abnormal glucose challenge test with normal glucose tolerance on the oral glucose tolerance test and normal glucose challenge test with normal glucose tolerance. At 3years postpartum, they underwent repeat oral glucose tolerance test (on which 69 women had pre-diabetes/diabetes) and measurement of the following serum markers of vascular injury/dysfunction: thrombomodulin, E-selectin, P-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-3 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1. Results: At 3years postpartum, mean adjusted vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 was the only vascular marker that differed across the previous gestational glucose tolerance groups. On multiple linear regression analysis, each strata of gestational dysglycaemia was an independent predictor of lower vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 at 3years postpartum (gestational diabetes mellitus: p=0.005; gestational impaired glucose intolerance: p=0.003; abnormal glucose challenge test normal glucose tolerance: p=0.0008), as was current pre-diabetes/diabetes (p=0.01). Conclusion: Dysregulation of vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 may be an early event in the natural history of cardiovascular disease in women with recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy.
The association of red and processed meat with gestational diabetes mellitus: Results from 2 Canadian birth cohort studies; Objective Red and processed meat is considered risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), but the evidence is inconclusive. We aimed to examine the association between red and processed meat intake and odds of GDM among South Asian and White European women living in Canada.Methods This is a cross-sectional analysis of pregnant women from two birth cohorts: SouTh Asian biRth cohorT (START; n = 976) and Family Atherosclerosis Monitoring In earLY life (FAMILY; n = 581). Dietary intake was assessed using a validated 169-item semi-quantitative food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Multivariate logistic regression models were used to examine the associations between gestational diabetes and: 1) total red and processed meat; 2) unprocessed red meat; 3) processed meat and GDM after adjustment for potential confounders.Results There were 241 GDM cases in START and 91 in FAMILY. The median total red and processed meat intake were 1.5 g/d (START) and 52.8 g/d (FAMILY). In START, the multivariable-adjusted odds ratio (OR) showed neither lower nor higher intakes of unprocessed red meat (p-trend = 0.68), processed meat (p-trend = 0.90), or total red and processed meat (p-trend = 0.44), were associated with increased odds of GDM, when compared with medium intake. Similar results were observed in FAMILY except for processed meat intake [OR = 0.94 (95% CI 0.47-1.91), for medium versus low and OR = 1.51 (95% CI 0.77-2.29) for medium versus high; p-trend = 0.18] after adjusting for additional dietary factors such as the diet quality score, total fiber, saturated fat and glycemic load.Conclusion Medium compared with low or high red and processed meat intake is not associated with GDM in White Europeans and South Asians living in Canada.
Association of Concomitant Gestational Hypertensive Disorders and Gestational Diabetes With Cardiovascular Disease; IMPORTANCE Accruing evidence suggests that gestational hypertensive disorders (GHTD) and gestational diabetes (GD) are each associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the extent to which the co-occurrence of GHTD and GD is associated with the risk of CVD remains largely unknown. OBJECTIVE To estimate the individual and joint associations of GHTD and GD with incident CVD. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS This population-based cohort study used the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care of Ontario (Canada) health care administrative databases. All women in Ontario with a GHTD and/or GD diagnosis, and a live-birth singleton delivery between July 1, 2007, and March 31, 2018, were considered for inclusion. Women with pregravid diabetes, hypertension, or cardiovascular disease were excluded. Statistical analysis was performed from November 2021 to September 2022. EXPOSURES GD and/or GHTD, defined using diagnosis coding. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Individual and joint associations of GHTD and GD with incident CVD (including a composite of myocardial infarction, acute coronary syndrome, stroke, coronary artery bypass grafting, percutaneous coronary intervention, or carotid endarterectomy), estimated using Cox regression models, adjusting for relevant cardiometabolic risk factors. The follow-up extended from the index pregnancy until March 31, 2020. RESULTS Among 886 295 eligible women (mean [SD] age, 30 [5.6] years; 43 861 [4.9%] with isolated GHTD, 54 061 [6.1%] with isolated GD, and 4975 [0.6%] with GHTD and GD), there were 1999 CVD events over 12 years of follow-up. In the early postpartum phase (first 5 years post partum), there was no association of co-occurrence of GTHD and GD (adjusted hazard ratio [a HR], 1.42, 95% CI, 0.78-2.58) or GD alone (aHR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.60-1.06) with CVD; there was an association between isolated GTHD and incident CVD compared with no GTHD and no GD (aHR, 1.90; 95% Cl, 1.51-2.35). In the late postpartum period (after the initial 5 years post partum), compared with no GD and no GHTD, isolated GHTD (aHR, 1.41, 95% CI, 1.12-1.76) and co-occurrence of GHTD and GD (aHR, 2.43, 95% CI, 1.60-3.67) were each associated with a higher risk of incident CVD. There was no association between isolated GD and incident CVD. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE In this cohort study, GHTD was associated with a high risk of CVD post partum, and the co-occurrence of GD and GHTD was associated with a much greater postpartum CVD risk. These findings suggest that CVD preventive care is particularly needed in the aftermath of combined GD and GHTD.
The link between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular diseases: potential role of extracellular vesicles; Extracellular vesicles are critical mediators of cell communication. They encapsulate a variety of molecular cargo such as proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids including miRNAs, lncRNAs, circular RNAs, and mRNAs, and through transfer of these molecular signals can alter the metabolic phenotype in recipient cells. Emerging studies show the important role of extracellular vesicle signaling in the development and progression of cardiovascular diseases and associated risk factors such as type 2 diabetes and obesity. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is hyperglycemia that develops during pregnancy and increases the future risk of developing obesity, impaired glucose metabolism, and cardiovascular disease in both the mother and infant. Available evidence shows that changes in maternal metabolism and exposure to the hyperglycemic intrauterine environment can reprogram the fetal genome, leaving metabolic imprints that define life-long health and disease susceptibility. Understanding the factors that contribute to the increased susceptibility to metabolic disorders of children born to GDM mothers is critical for implementation of preventive strategies in GDM. In this review, we discuss the current literature on the fetal programming of cardiovascular diseases in GDM and the impact of extracellular vesicle (EV) signaling in epigenetic programming in cardiovascular disease, to determine the potential link between EV signaling in GDM and the development of cardiovascular disease in infants.
Heart Disease and Stroke Statistics-2022 Update: A Report From the American Heart Association; Background: The American Heart Association, in conjunction with the National Institutes of Health, annually reports the most up-to-date statistics related to heart disease, stroke, and cardiovascular risk factors, including core health behaviors (smoking, physical activity, diet, and weight) and health factors (cholesterol, blood pressure, and glucose control) that contribute to cardiovascular health. The Statistical Update presents the latest data on a range of major clinical heart and circulatory disease conditions (including stroke, congenital heart disease, rhythm disorders, subclinical atherosclerosis, coronary heart disease, heart failure, valvular disease, venous disease, and peripheral artery disease) and the associated outcomes (including quality of care, procedures, and economic costs). Methods: The American Heart Association, through its Statistics Committee, continuously monitors and evaluates sources of data on heart disease and stroke in the United States to provide the most current information available in the annual Statistical Update. The 2022 Statistical Update is the product of a full year's worth of effort by dedicated volunteer clinicians and scientists, committed government professionals, and American Heart Association staff members. This year's edition includes data on the monitoring and benefits of cardiovascular health in the population and an enhanced focus on social determinants of health, adverse pregnancy outcomes, vascular contributions to brain health, and the global burden of cardiovascular disease and healthy life expectancy. Results: Each of the chapters in the Statistical Update focuses on a different topic related to heart disease and stroke statistics. Conclusions: The Statistical Update represents a critical resource for the lay public, policymakers, media professionals, clinicians, health care administrators, researchers, health advocates, and others seeking the best available data on these factors and conditions.
Cardiovascular disease risk unmasked by pregnancy complications; Pregnancy related complications indicate a propensity for atherosclerotic disease. Epidemiologic data demonstrate early onset cardiovascular disease in women with a history of pregnancy loss, preterm pregnancy or pregnancy complicated by intrauterine growth restriction. Early onset diabetes, increased rates of MI and increased rates of stroke are more prevalent after gestational diabetes. In addition, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy mark significant pathophysiologic changes, including vascular dysfunction and immunologic changes, which induce atherogenesis and result in a substantial increase in rates of stroke, ischemic heart disease and cardiac mortality. Metabolic, endothelial and inflammatory changes are responsible for either the early onset or early recognition of cardiovascular disease propensity in patients who experience a complicated pregnancy. Therefore, the American Heart Association guidelines recognize pregnancy related complications as an independent risk factor for heart disease. This review informs physicians of epidemiologic data and, guideline recommendations and is meant to guide physicians in early interventions including provider education, routine post-partum multidisciplinary (primary care, obstetrics, cardiology) evaluation, risk factor monitoring and control after a complicated pregnancy.
Impact of Adverse Gestational Milieu on Maternal Cardiovascular Health; Cardiovascular disease affects 1% to 4% of the nearly 4 million pregnancies in the United States each year and is the primary cause of pregnancy-related mortality. Adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with cardiovascular complications during pregnancy persisting into the postpartum period. Recently, investigations have identified an altered sex hormone milieu, such as in the case of hyperandrogenism, as a causative factor in the development of gestational cardiovascular dysfunction. The mechanisms involved in the development of cardiovascular disease in postpartum women are largely unknown. Animal studies have attempted to recapitulate adverse pregnancy outcomes to investigate causal relationships and molecular underpinnings of adverse gestational cardiac events and progression to the development of cardiovascular disease postpartum. This review will focus on summarizing clinical and animal studies detailing the impact of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, and maternal obesity, on gestational cardiometabolic dysfunction and postpartum cardiovascular disease. Specifically, we will highlight the adverse impact of gestational hyperandrogenism and its potential to serve as a biomarker for maternal gestational and postpartum cardiovascular dysfunctions.
Gestational Diabetes and Risk Assessment of Adverse Perinatal Outcomes and Newborns Early Motoric Development; Background and Objectives: The aim of this study was to analyze the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on maternal and fetal perinatal parameters, as well to evaluate the influence of GDM on neonatal early motoric development. Materials and Methods: In this prospective study, we evaluated 203 eligible participants that were admitted to obstetrics department for a labor. GDM was assessed by evaluation of maternal parameters, fetal parameters, as well its impact on infants early motoric development (Alberta Infant Motor Scale-AIMS). Results: Presence of GDM was significantly positively associated with: pre-pregnancy weight, obesity degree, weight at delivery, gestational weight gain (GWG), body mass index (BMI) at delivery, GWG and increased pre-pregnancy BMI, glucose levels in mother's venous blood after the delivery, positive family history for cardiovascular disease, pregnancy-related hypertension, congenital thrombophilia, drug use in pregnancy, large for gestational age (LGA), mode of delivery (Cesarean section and instrumental delivery). Likewise, GDM association was detected for tested ultrasound parameters (biparietal diameter (BPD), head circumference (HC), abdominal circumference (AC), femoral length (FL)), length at birth, birth weight, newborn's head circumference, newborn's chest circumference, AIMS supination and pronation at three months, AIMS supination, pronation, sitting and standing at six months. Only Amniotic Fluid Index and AIMS supination at three months of infant's age remained significantly associated in multivariate regression model. Conclusions: The presence of significant positive association of numerous tested parameters in our study on perinatal outcomes and early motoric development, points to the necessity of establishing appropriate clinical decision-making strategies for all pregnant woman at risk and emphasize the importance of providing adequate glycaemia control options and further regular follow ups during the pregnancy.
Feasibility of a Postpartum Web- and Phone-Based Lifestyle Program for Women with a History of Preeclampsia or Gestational Diabetes: A Pilot Intervention Study; Background: Women with a history of preeclampsia (PE) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. Increased awareness of pregnancy complications as early warning signs for CVD has called for postpartum primordial prevention strategies. The aim of this study was to evaluate the feasibility of a postpartum web- and phone-based lifestyle program promoting healthy lifestyle behaviors to women after a pregnancy complicated by PE or GDM.Materials and Methods: Women with a validated history of PE or GDM were invited to participate in a nonrandomized pilot intervention study 3-12 months after delivery. The intervention was delivered over 6 months. All participants received tailored lifestyle counseling by a registered dietitian and access to information material on healthy lifestyle behaviors on the study's website. After inclusion, participants were invited to three study visits at baseline, 3 months, and 6 months. Feasibility outcomes included assessment of recruitment, retention, and acceptability. Secondary outcomes were changes in lifestyle behaviors and cardiovascular risk factors.Results: Of the 207 women invited, 44 were enrolled in the feasibility study and 40 women completed the intervention, corresponding to a recruitment rate of 21% and a retention rate of 91%. At the 3-month study visit, 94.6% of participants reported they had used the website. A total of 41.7% of the participants reported that they had achieved their personal goals during the intervention period.Conclusions: This study suggested the feasibility and potential acceptability of a web- and phone-based lifestyle intervention for mothers with recent PE or GDM.
Trimethylamine N-Oxide and Its Precursors Are Associated with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Pre-Eclampsia in the Boston Birth Cohort; Background: Trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO) and its precursors choline, betaine, and carnitine have been associated with cardiometabolic disease in nonpregnant adults. However, studies examining TMAO and its precursors in relation to cardiometabolic conditions during pregnancy are lacking. Objectives: The primary objective was to estimate the association of TMAO and its precursors in maternal and cord plasma with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pre-eclampsia (PE) among women in the Boston Birth Cohort. A secondary objective was to determine whether associations vary by race/ethnicity. Methods: ORs for each outcome according to tertiles and to an SD increment of TMAO, choline, betaine, and carnitine were estimated using logistic regression. Final models were adjusted for covariates. Results: Among 1496 women, 115 women had GDM and 159 had PE during the index pregnancy. Intermetabolite correlations of TMAO and its precursors were stronger within cord plasma (r = 0.38-0.87) than within maternal plasma (r = 0.08-0.62). Maternal TMAO was associated with higher odds of GDM (third compared with first tertile OR: 1.75; 95% CI: 1.04, 2.94), whereas maternal choline, betaine, and carnitine were not associated with GDM. Maternal TMAO and choline were not associated with PE, whereas carnitine was associated with higher (OR: 1.86; 95% CI: 1.18, 2.94) and betaine with lower odds of PE (OR: 0.37; 95% CI: 0.23, 0.59). In cord plasma, TMAO was not associated with GDM or PE, but choline, betaine, and carnitine were associated with higher odds of PE (OR: 3.11; 95% CI: 1.62, 5.96; OR: 2.65; 95% CI: 1.42, 4.93; OR: 2.56; 95% CI: 1.39, 4.69, respectively). Cord choline was associated with lower odds of GDM (OR: 0.52; 95% CI: 0.27, 0.99), whereas other cord metabolites were not significantly associated with GDM. Associations did not vary by race/ethnicity. Conclusions: TMAO and its precursors were associated with GDM and PE, but the associations differed based on the metabolite medium (maternal compared with cord plasma).
Association between gestational diabetes mellitus and depression in parents: a retrospective cohort study; Purpose: The aim of this study was to examine the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and depression incidence in mothers and fathers during prenatal and postnatal periods. Patients and methods: Matched pairs (GDM vs no GDM) of randomly selected mothers with singleton live births (matched by age group, delivery year, and health region) and their partners (Quebec, Canada; cohort inception 1990-2007) were assessed for a composite outcome of depression/self-harm/suicide using a health administrative database. We examined the association of GDM and the composite outcome in the following three nonoverlapping periods: 1) 24 weeks gestation up to delivery; 2) delivery up to 1 year postpartum; and 3) 1 year postpartum to study end (March 31, 2012). We used stratified Cox proportional regression hazards models, with three models in mothers and three models in fathers, corresponding to each of the time periods of interest. Results: In the 58,400 mothers, women with GDM had a nearly twofold greater risk (adjusted HR: 1.82, 95% CI 1.28, 2.59) of being diagnosed with depression compared to those without GDM during the prenatal period. In the first year postpartum, there was no conclusive difference observed between the two groups of mothers (adjusted HR: 1.05, 95% CI 0.84, 1.30). Beyond the first year postpartum, there was an 8% increased risk (adjusted HR: 1.08, 95% CI 1.03, 1.14) of depression in women with a history GDM compared to those without. A total of 63,384 fathers were included in our analyses, and no association between GDM in one's partner and depression was found during any of the three time periods evaluated. Conclusion: GDM is associated with an increased risk of depression in women particularly during pregnancy highlighting the need to screen for depression and provide supportive interventions during this period.
Genetic polymorphisms in neuroendocrine disorder-related candidate genes associated with pre-pregnancy obesity in gestational diabetes mellitus patients by using a stratification approach; Background: Certain candidate genes have been associated with obesity. The goal of this study is to determine the association between thirteen neuroendocrine disorder-related candidate genes and pre-pregnancy obesity among gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients using the stratification approach defined the Asian and International criteria-based body mass index (BMI). Methods: This was a post-hoc case-control exploratory sub-analysis of a cross-sectional study among GDM women to determine which candidate single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) related to neuroendocrine disorders may be associated with obesity. Factors were adjusted for socio-demographic characteristics and concurrent medical problems in this particular population. Pre-pregnancy BMI and concurrent medical profiles were obtained from maternal health records. Obesity is defined as BMI of >= 27.5 kg/m(2) for Asian criteria-based BMI and >30 kg/m(2) for International criteria-based BMI. Thirteen candidate genes were genotyped using Agena (R) MassARRAY and examined for association with pre-pregnancy obesity using multiple logistic regression analysis. The significant difference threshold was set at P value <0.05. Results: Three hundred and twelve GDM women were included in this study; 60.9% and 44.2% of GDM patients were obese using Asian and International criteria-based BMI, respectively. GDM patients with AA or AG genotypes in specific SNP of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) (G > A in rs6265) are more likely to be obese (adjusted odd ratio =2.209, 95% CI, 1.305, 3.739, P=0.003) compared to those who carry the GG genotype in the SNP adjusted for parity, underlying with asthma, heart disease, anaemia, education background in the International criteria-based BMI stratification group. On the other hand, there were no associations between other candidate genes (NRG1, FKBP5, RORA, OXTR, PLEKHG1, HTR2C, LHPP, SDK2, TEX51, EPHX2, NPY5R and ANO2) and maternal obesity. Conclusions: In summary, BDNF rs6265 is significantly associated with pre-pregnancy obesity among GDM patients. The exact role of BDNF adjusted for diet intake and lifestyle factors merits further investigation.
Simulated Estimates of Pre-Pregnancy and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in the US: 1980 to 2008; Purpose: To simulate national estimates of prepregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in non-Hispanic white (NHW) and non-Hispanic black (NHB) women. Methods: Prepregnancy diabetes and GDM were estimated as a function of age, race/ethnicity, and body mass index (BMI) using South Carolina live singleton births from 2004-2008. Diabetes risk was applied to a simulated population. Age, natality and BMI were assigned to women according to race-and age-specific US Census, Natality and National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHANES) data, respectively. Results: From 1980-2008, estimated GDM prevalence increased from 4.11% to 6.80% [2.68% (95% CI 2.58%-2.78%)] and from 3.96% to 6.43% [2.47% (95% CI 2.39%-2.55%)] in NHW and NHB women, respectively. In NHW women prepregnancy diabetes prevalence increased 0.90% (95% CI 0.85%-0.95%) from 0.95% in 1980 to 1.85% in 2008. In NHB women from 1980 through 2008 estimated prepregnancy diabetes prevalence increased 1.51% (95% CI 1.44%-1.57%), from 1.66% to 3.16%. Conclusions: Racial disparities in diabetes prevalence during pregnancy appear to stem from a higher prevalence of prepregnancy diabetes, but not GDM, in NHB than NHW.
Getting a "SMART START" to gestational diabetes mellitus education: a mixed-methods pilot evaluation of a knowledge translation tool in primary care; Background South Asian people living in Canada face higher rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to national trends. The objective of this study was to design and pilot test a knowledge translation (KT) tool to support GDM prevention counselling in primary care.Methods This study is a mixed-methods pilot evaluation of the "SMART START" KT tool involving 2 family physicians in separate practices and 20 pregnant South Asians in Ontario, Canada. We conducted the quantitative and qualitative components in parallel, developing a joint display to illustrate the converging and diverging elements.Results Between January and July 2020, 20 South Asian pregnant people were enrolled in this study. A high level of acceptability was received from patients and practitioners for timing, content, format, language, and interest in the interventions delivered. Quantitative findings revealed gaps in patient knowledge and behaviour in the following areas: GDM risk factors, the impact of GDM on the unborn baby, weight gain recommendations, diet, physical activity practices, and tracking of weight gain. From the qualitative component, we found that physicians valued and were keen to engage in GDM prevention counselling. Patients also expressed personal perceptions of healthy active living during pregnancy, experiences, and preferences with gathering and searching for information, and key preventative behaviours.Conclusions Building on this knowledge can contribute to the design and implementation of other research opportunities or test new hypotheses as they relate to GDM prevention among South Asian communities.
Can slight glucose intolerance during pregnancy predict future maternal atherosclerotic morbidity?; Aimo examine the association between glucose level during pregnancy and the subsequent development of long-term maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. MethodsA retrospective case-control study was conducted. The study included all women who had at least one glucose measurement during their pregnancies. Cases were all women who delivered between the years 2000-2012 and subsequently developed atherosclerotic morbidity (n = 815). Controls were randomly matched by age and year of delivery (n = 6065). The atherosclerotic morbidity group was further divided by severity: major events (cardiovascular, cerebrovascular disease, chronic renal failure), minor events (hypertension, diabetes mellitus and hyperlipidaemia without target organ damage or complications) and cardiac evaluation tests (such as coronary angiography without records of atherosclerosis, cardiac scan and stress test). The mean follow-up duration for the study group was 74 months. Cox proportional hazards model was used to control for confounders. ResultsA significant linear association was found between glucose levels during pregnancy and long-term maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. Among the cases with severe atherosclerotic morbidity, the proportion of women with a high glucose level (> 5.5 mmol/l) was the highest, whereas in controls it was the lowest (P < 0.001). In a Cox proportional hazard model, adjusted for atherosclerotic confounders such as gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and obesity, a glucose level of > 5.5 mmol/l was noted as an independent risk factor for hospitalizations later in non-pregnant life (hazard ratio = 1.3, 95% confidence interval 1.1-1.5, P < 0.003). ConclusionA high glucose level during pregnancy, even if within the range of slight glucose intolerance, may serve as a marker for future maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. Further long-term studies are needed to confirm our findings.
Biochemical view on: Precocious markers of cardiovascular risk and vascular damage in apparently healthy women with previous gestational diabetes; Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus have an increased risk of developing diabetes mellitus, which is a known risk factor for cardiovascular disease and insulin resistance. In the recently published article by Zajdenverg et al., they aimed to identify endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. However, authors did not evaluate the role of total homocysteine, which has important effects for endothelial dysfunction. Vitamin B12 and folic acid are important vitamins since their deficiency may lead to the probable microvascular abnormalities by increasing the tHcy, which is an independent risk factor for endothelial dysfunction.
Reproductive risk factors for angiographic obstructive coronary artery disease among postmenopausal women; Objective: Reproductive factors are female-specific coronary artery disease (CAD) risk factors. However, the importance of reproductive factors in angiographic obstructive CAD in postmenopausal women remains uncertain. This study aimed to compare reproductive factors between postmenopausal women with no apparent CAD, nonobstructive CAD, and obstructive CAD and identify reproductive risk factors for obstructive CAD. Methods: In this hospital-based cross-sectional study, 1,474 postmenopausal women, admitted with chest pain and referred for invasive coronary angiography were enrolled between April 2013 and October 2018. Results: Adjusted odds ratio (95% CI) for obstructive CAD were 1.81 (1.03-3.17) for multigravidity (three or more pregnancies), 1.77 (1.14-2.76) for early menopause (<= 40 y old), and 1.72 (1.26-2.35) for short reproductive life span (<= 30 y). Each additional year in age at menopause or reproductive life span was associated with a 4% reduction in obstructive CAD risk in postmenopausal women (odds ratio, 0.96; 95% CI, 0.94-0.99; P = 0.011). The other reproductive factors, including parity, age at first birth, spontaneous abortion, induced abortion, stillbirth, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, and age at menarche, were not correlated with obstructive CAD risk in postmenopausal women. Conclusions: Multigravidity (three or more pregnancies), early menopause, and a shorter reproductive life span were independent risk factors of angiographic obstructive CAD among postmenopausal women, which suggested that pregnancy and ovarian function may be important for the early identification and prevention of increased risk of female angiographic obstructive CAD.
Racial and ethnic disparities in chronic health conditions among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: This study aims to examine and determine the role of race/ethnicity in chronic conditions in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during any of their previous pregnancies. Methods: We used the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) from 2007-2016 to identify women who self-reported prior GDM and chronic disease diagnoses such as cardiovascular disease, hypertension, depression, and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We used bivariate analysis using the chi-square test (chi(2)) and multiple logistic regressions to perform statistical test for associations, taking into consideration design and sample weight. Results: Among participants with prior GDM diagnoses, black women had a 74.4% prevalence of chronic disease, followed by Whites, 58.5% Hispanics, 58.0%, and Asians, 51.9% (P=0.009). Black women with prior GDM diagnoses had 2.4 odds of having chronic conditions compared to Whites (adjusted odds ratio IAORI=2.40, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.28-4.50). In addition, they had higher odds of being former smokers (AOR=1.73, 95% CI=1.01-2.96), current smokers (AOR=1.96, 95% CI=1.06-3.61), having a body mass index (BMI) of 25-29.9 (AOR=2.55, 95% CI=1.10-5.87), or a BMI >= 30 (AOR=4.09, 95% CI = 2.05-8.17) compared ID their White counterparts. Hispanic women had lower odds of being diagnosed with GDM and associated chronic diseases. Conclusion: Black women with GDM were disproportionally affected and at higher risk to be diagnosed with chronic conditions. Smoking and obesity were strongly associated with chronic disease diagnoses. Our findings also suggest a 'Hispanic Paradox', requiring further study. These findings inform primary care clinicians and Obstetricians, and Gynecologists of at-risk patients who could benefit from lifestyle modification recommendations and counseling.
Summary of Updated Recommendations for Primary Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Women <i>JACC</i> State-of-the-Art Review; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of morbidity and mortality for women in the United States and worldwide. There has been no American College of Cardiology (ACC)/American Heart Association guideline update specifically for the prevention of CVD in women since 2011. Since then, the body of sex-specific data has grown, in addition to updated hypertension, cholesterol, diabetes, atrial fibrillation, and primary prevention guidelines. The ACC CVD in Women Committee undertook a review of the recent guidelines and major studies to summarize recommendations pertinent to women. In this update, the authors address special topics, particularly the risk factors and treatments that have led to some controversies and confusion. Specifically, sex-related risk factors, hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, anticoagulation for atrial fibrillation, use of aspirin, perimenopausal hormone therapy, and psychosocial issues are (C) 2020 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Unique Biomarker Characteristics in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Identified by LC-MS-Based Metabolic Profiling; Background. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a type of glucose intolerance disorder that first occurs during women's pregnancy. The main diagnostic method for GDM is based on the midpregnancy oral glucose tolerance test. The rise of metabolomics has expanded the opportunity to better identify early diagnostic biomarkers and explore possible pathogenesis. Methods. We collected blood serum from 34 GDM patients and 34 normal controls for a LC-MS-based metabolomics study. Results. 184 metabolites were increased and 86 metabolites were decreased in the positive ion mode, and 65 metabolites were increased and 71 were decreased in the negative ion mode. Also, it was found that the unsaturated fatty acid metabolism was disordered in GDM. Ten metabolites with the most significant differences were selected for follow-up studies. Since the diagnostic specificity and sensitivity of a single differential metabolite are not definitive, we combined these metabolites to prepare a ROC curve. We found a set of metabolite combination with the highest sensitivity and specificity, which included eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, docosapentaenoic acid, arachidonic acid, citric acid, alpha-ketoglutaric acid, and genistein. The area under the curves (AUC) value of those metabolites was 0.984 between the GDM and control group. Conclusions. Our results provide a direction for the mechanism of GDM research and demonstrate the feasibility of developing a diagnostic test that can distinguish between GDM and normal controls clearly. Our findings were helpful to develop novel biomarkers for precision or personalized diagnosis for GDM. In addition, we provide a critical insight into the pathological and biological mechanisms for GDM.
Prediction of postpartum prediabetes by machine learning methods in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Early onset of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease are common complications for women diagnosed with gestational diabetes. Prediabetes refers to a condition in which blood glucose levels are higher than normal, but not yet high enough to be diagnosed as type 2 diabetes. Currently, there is no accurate way of knowing which women with gestational diabetes are likely to develop postpartum prediabetes. This study aims to predict the risk of postpartum prediabetes in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes. Our sparse logistic regression approach selects only two variables - antenatal fasting glucose at OGTT and HbA1c soon after the diagnosis of GDM - as relevant, but gives an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.72, outperforming all other methods. We envision this to be a practical solution, which coupled with a targeted follow-up of high-risk women, could yield better cardiometabolic outcomes in women with a history of GDM.
Nutrigenetic variants and cardio-metabolic risk in women with or without gestational diabetes; Aim: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most frequent metabolic disorder in pregnancy and it can be considered a silent risk associated to T2DM and CVD later in life. The aim of this study was to investigate the association of clinical parameters with nine single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) involved with nutrients and metabolism in women with or without GDM in order to identify potential routine clinical markers for early prevention. Methods: Nine gene variants associated with nutrients and metabolism, namely PPARG2 rs1801282 (C > G); PPARGC1A rs8192678 (C > T); TCF7L2 rs7903146 (C > T); LDLR rs2228671 (C > T); MTHFR rs1801133 (C > T); APOA5 rs662799 (T > C); GCKR rs1260326 (C > T); FTO rs9939609 (T > A); MC4R rs17782313 (T > C) were genotyped in 104 GDM cases and 124 controls using High Resolution Melting (HRM) analysis. Results: The genetic variant rs7903146 (C > T) in TCF7L2 gene showed a strong association with GDM risk (OR: 2.56; 95% CI: [1.24-5.29]). Moreover, a significant correlation was observed between lipid parameters and polymorphisms in other genes, namely PPARG2 [p = 0,03], APOA5 [p = 0,02], MC4R [p = 0,03], LDLR [p = 0,04] and FTO [p = 0,03]. In addition, rs17782313 variant, mapped close to MC4R gene, was associated to BMI in pre-pregnancy [p = 0,02] and at the end of pregnancy [p = 0,03] in GDM group. Conclusion: In our study, we found significant associations between routine clinical parameters and some gene variants connected with nutrients and metabolism in women with GDM. These results can provide useful information to develop effective tools and possible personalized intervention strategies in a timely manner. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Reproductive risk factors for angiographic obstructive coronary artery disease among postmenopausal women; Objective: Reproductive factors are female-specific coronary artery disease (CAD) risk factors. However, the importance of reproductive factors in angiographic obstructive CAD in postmenopausal women remains uncertain. This study aimed to compare reproductive factors between postmenopausal women with no apparent CAD, nonobstructive CAD, and obstructive CAD and identify reproductive risk factors for obstructive CAD. Methods: In this hospital-based cross-sectional study, 1,474 postmenopausal women, admitted with chest pain and referred for invasive coronary angiography were enrolled between April 2013 and October 2018. Results: Adjusted odds ratio (95% CI) for obstructive CAD were 1.81 (1.03-3.17) for multigravidity (three or more pregnancies), 1.77 (1.14-2.76) for early menopause (<= 40 y old), and 1.72 (1.26-2.35) for short reproductive life span (<= 30 y). Each additional year in age at menopause or reproductive life span was associated with a 4% reduction in obstructive CAD risk in postmenopausal women (odds ratio, 0.96; 95% CI, 0.94-0.99; P = 0.011). The other reproductive factors, including parity, age at first birth, spontaneous abortion, induced abortion, stillbirth, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, and age at menarche, were not correlated with obstructive CAD risk in postmenopausal women. Conclusions: Multigravidity (three or more pregnancies), early menopause, and a shorter reproductive life span were independent risk factors of angiographic obstructive CAD among postmenopausal women, which suggested that pregnancy and ovarian function may be important for the early identification and prevention of increased risk of female angiographic obstructive CAD. (C) 2020 by The North American Menopause Society
Pregnancies After the Diagnosis of Mild Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Risk of Cardiometabolic Disorders; OBJECTIVE: To assess the association of subsequent pregnancy with subsequent metabolic syndrome and type II diabetes mellitus after a pregnancy complicated by mild gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: We conducted a prospective observational follow-up study of women with mild GDM randomized from 2002 to 2007 to usual care or dietary intervention and glucose self-monitoring. Women were evaluated 5-10 years after the parent study. Participants were grouped according to the number of subsequent pregnancies (group A, none [reference]; group B, one; group C, two or greater). Serum triglycerides, glucose tolerance, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, blood pressure, and waist circumference were assessed. Metabolic syndrome was diagnosed by American Heart Association and National Heart Lung and Blood Institute criteria. Multivariable regression was used to estimate adjusted relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). RESULTS: Of 905 eligible women from the original trial, 483 agreed to participate, 426 of whom were included in this analysis. Groups A, B, and C consisted of 212, 143, and 71 women, respectively. Of women with subsequent pregnancies, 32% (69/214) had another pregnancy complicated with GDM. No difference between groups was observed for metabolic syndrome (group A, 34%; group B, 33%; group C, 30%). Subsequent pregnancies were associated with diabetes mellitus outside of pregnancy (group A, 5.2%; group B, 10.5%, RR 2.62, 95% CI 1.16-5.91; group C, 11.3%, RR 2.83, 95% CI 1.06-7.59), and if complicated with GDM (no subsequent GDM pregnancy, RR 1.99, 95% CI 0.82-4.84; subsequent GDM pregnancy, RR 3.75, 95% CI 1.60-8.82). CONCLUSION: In women with prior mild GDM, subsequent pregnancies did not increase the frequency of metabolic syndrome, but subsequent pregnancies with GDM increased the risk of diabetes mellitus outside of pregnancy.
Gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors and disease in US Hispanics/Latinas in the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL); To compare cardiovascular risk and disease prevalence in U.S. Hispanics/Latinas with and without a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Cross-sectional data from 2008 to 2011 were analyzed for 8,262 (305 with GDM history) parous women, aged 20-73 years, from the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL). Women with and without a history of GDM were compared on sociodemographic, cardiovascular risk factor, and disease data from standardized interviews and fasting blood tests, using chi-square tests, t-tests, and logistic regressions to determine odds ratios (ORs) and 95 percent confidence intervals (CIs). Adjusting for covariates, compared to those without a history of GDM, women with a history of GDM were younger (M = 39.1 years [95 percent CI = 37.8, 41.6] vs. 45.5 years [95 percent CI = 44.9, 46.1]) and more likely to have health insurance (68.1 percent [95 percent CI = 60.3 percent, 76.0 percent] vs. 54.9 percent [95 percent CI = 52.8 percent, 57.1 percent]), had greater waist circumference (M = 102.3 cm, [95 percent CI = 100.2, 104.3] vs. 98.1 cm [95 percent CI = 97.4, 98.5]) and higher fasting glucose (116.0 mg/dL [95 percent CI = 107.8, 124.3] vs. 104.2 mg/dL [95 percent CI = 103.4, 105.1]), and had higher odds of having metabolic syndrome (OR = 1.7 [95 percent CI = 1.2, 2.6]) or diabetes (OR = 3.3 [95 percent CI = 2.2, 4.8]). Prevalences of heart and cerebrovascular disease were similar. GDM history was positively associated with diabetes but not with cardiovascular disease.
Associations of elevated glucose levels at each time point during OGTT with fetal congenital heart diseases: a cohort study of 72,236 births; Background It remains unclear how the condition of glucose metabolism during pregnancy affects fetal outcomes. This study aimed to investigate the associations of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and elevated glucose levels at each time point during oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with congenital heart disease (CHD) risk in offspring.Methods We conducted a retrospective cohort study of mothers with singleton pregnancies of 20 weeks or more registered at Maternal and Child Health Centers in Fujian Province, China. The OGTT results and offspring CHD occurrence were collected. We used logistic regression to analyse the association between elevated blood glucose at each time point during OGTT and CHD.Results A total of 71,703 normal and 533 CHD fetuses were included. Compared to the corresponding normal group, women with GDM, elevated blood glucose at different time points in OGTT (0 h >= 5.1 mmol/L, 1 h >= 10 mmol/L, and 2 h >= 8.5 mmol/L) showed an increased risk of CHD in offspring (adjusted OR = 1.41, 1.36, 1.37, and 1.41, all P < 0.05, respectively). Compared to group 1 (normal OGTT 0 h, 1 h and 2 h), the risk of CHD was higher in group 3 (normal OGTT 0 h and abnormal OGTT 1 h or 2 h) and group 4 (abnormal OGTT 0 h, 1 h and 2 h), OR = 1.53 and 2.21, all P < 0.05, respectively. Moreover, we divided participants by advanced maternal age, multipara, assisted reproduction, fetal sex, and others, similar associations were observed in the subgroup analyses.Conclusion Elevated blood glucose at different time points during OGTT was associated with CHD in offspring. Fetuses of pregnant women with GDM should be screened for a high risk of CHD.
Impact of Breastfeeding on Maternal Metabolism: Implications for Women with Gestational Diabetes; Lactating compared with nonlactating women display more favorable metabolic parameters, including less atherogenic blood lipids, lower fasting and postprandial blood glucose as well as insulin, and greater insulin sensitivity in the first 4 months postpartum. However, direct evidence demonstrating that these metabolic changes persist from delivery to postweaning is much less available. Studies have reported that longer lactation duration may reduce long-term risk of cardiometabolic disease, including type 2 diabetes, but findings from most studies are limited by self-report of disease outcomes, absence of longitudinal biochemical data, or no assessment of maternal lifestyle behaviors. Studies of women with a history gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) also reported associations between lactation duration and lower the incidence of type 2 diabetes and the metabolic syndrome. The mechanisms are not understood, but hormonal regulation of pancreatic beta-cell proliferation and function or other metabolic pathways may mediate the lactation association with cardiometabolic disease in women.
Glucose Tolerance Status in Pregnancy: A Window to the Future Risk of Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease in Young Women; It has long been recognized that the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a population of young women at high risk of developing Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) in the future. In recent years, however, a series of studies have revealed that antepartum glucose tolerance screening, a standard element of current obstetrical care instituted for the purpose of detecting GDM, may provide previously-unrecognized insight into a woman's future risk of metabolic and vascular disease. Indeed, it has emerged that in fact any degree of abnormal glucose tolerance detected on antepartum screening (i.e. not just GDM) predicts an increased future risk of pre-diabetes and diabetes, one that is proportional to the severity of dysglycemia observed in pregnancy. In addition, in the years following the index pregnancy, women with a history of GDM exhibit an enhanced cardiovascular risk profile and ultimately an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD), risks that may similarly extend to women with milder gestational glucose intolerance as well. Thus, by providing a unique window to a woman's risk potential for future metabolic and vascular disease, glucose tolerance testing in pregnancy, as currently practiced, may offer an opportunity for the early identification of high-risk individuals prior to the onset of clinical disease. Ultimately, the insight so derived may inform strategies for postpartum surveillance, risk factor modification, and disease prevention that may eventually lead to a reduction in the burden of T2DM and CVD in women.
Prevalence of Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus by Race and Ethnicity in Illinois, 2018 to 2020; Purpose:Use administrative discharge data from 2018 to 2020 to determine if there are differences in the prevalence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) by race and ethnicity in Illinois.Study Design and Methods:This retrospective cross-sectional study used administrative discharge records from all patients who had live births in Illinois over a 3-year period; 2018, 2019, 2020. Multivariate analyses were performed to control for covariates and determine if associations vary by race and ethnicity for HDP and GDM.Results:A total of 287,250 discharge records were included. Multivariate analyses showed that after adjusting for covariates, non-Hispanic Black women had 1.60 increased odds of HDP compared to non-Hispanic White women (OR, 1.60; 95% CI, 1.55-1.65). Hispanic women (OR, 1.45; 95% CI, 1.40-1.50), Asian/Pacific Islander women (OR, 2.07; 95% CI, 1.97-2.17), and American Indian/Alaska Native women (OR, 1.43; 95% CI, 1.17-1.74) had an increased odds of GDM compared to non-Hispanic White women.Clinical Implications:Women of color were at increased odds for HDP and GDM in Illinois. To eliminate poor maternal outcomes in women of color at risk for HDP and GDM, more culturally congruent health equity practices, policies, and comprehensive care interventions must be adopted. Pregnancy complications can have serious health implications if not identified and treated in a timely manner. Non-Hispanic Black pregnant women are two to three times more likely to experience severe maternal morbidity than non-Hispanic White women. In this study of 287,250 births in Illinois in 2018 to 2020, women of color were at increased odds for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus. To eliminate poor maternal outcomes in women of color, more culturally congruent health equity practices, policies, and comprehensive care interventions must be adopted.
Previous gestational diabetes impairs long-term endothelial function in a mouse model of complicated pregnancy; Stanley JL, Sankaralingam S, Baker PN, Davidge ST. Previous gestational diabetes impairs long-term endothelial function in a mouse model of complicated pregnancy. Am J Physiol Regul Integr Comp Physiol 299: R862-R870, 2010. First published June 16, 2010; doi:10.1152/ajpregu.00200.2010.-Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitis (GDM) display endothelial dysfunction up to 1 yr after pregnancy, despite a return to normoglycemia. It is unknown whether this dysfunction was preexisting or whether GDM pregnancy leads to long-term endothelial dysfunction. A mouse model that spontaneously develops GDM (Lepr(db/+)) was used to determine whether the endothelial dysfunction that develops during GDM is evident in later life. Heterozygous and wild-type (WT) controls were allowed to litter once, then age to 9-10 mo, and were compared with virgin controls. Vascular function of small mesenteric arteries was assessed using wire myography. Concentration response curves to the thromboxane A(2) mimetic U46619 and the endothelium-dependent vasodilator methacholine were constructed. Superoxide production and peroxynitrite formation was also measured. Mice with previous GDM displayed blood glucose concentrations similar to previously pregnant WT mice (8.0 +/- 0.1 vs. 7.1 +/- 0.3 mmol/l, P > 0.05). Arteries from mice with previous GDM displayed increased sensitivity to U46619 (EC50 5.2 +/- 0.7 vs. 45.2 +/- 1.0 nmol/l, P < 0.01) and impaired endothelium-dependent relaxation compared with WT controls (29 +/- 8 vs. 58 +/- 16 percent relaxation, P < 0.05). This was associated with increased superoxide production (93.3 +/- 2.3 vs. 64.6 +/- 1.6 mean fluorescence intensity, P < 0.001) and increased peroxynitrite formation (173.5 +/- 11.0 vs. 57.4 +/- 16.2 mean fluorescence intensity, P < 0.01) compared with virgin controls. In summary, endothelial dysfunction was evident in mice with previous GDM compared with previously healthy pregnant mice or virgin controls. These data suggest that GDM affects endothelial function and may contribute to an increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
Economic Evaluation of Prenatal and Postpartum Care in Women With Gestational Diabetes and Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy: A Systematic Review; Objectives: This study aimed to summarize evidence on the economic outcomes of prenatal and postpartum interventions for the management of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), assess the quality of each study, and identify research gaps that may inform future research.Methods: Electronic databases including PubMed/MEDLINE, Embase, the Cochrane Library, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials were searched from January 1, 2000, to October 1, 2021. Selected studies were included in narrative syn-thesis and extracted data were presented in narrative and tabular forms. The quality of each study was assessed using the Consolidated Health Economic Evaluation Reporting Standards and Consensus on Health Economic Criteria list.Results: Among the 22 studies identified through the systematic review, 19 reported favorable cost-effectiveness of the intervention. For prenatal management of HDP, home blood pressure monitoring was found to be cost-effective compared with in-person visits in improving maternal and neonatal outcomes. For postpartum care, regular screening for hypertension or metabolic syndrome followed by subsequent treatment was found to be cost-effective compared with no screening in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus or HDP.Conclusions: Existing economic evaluation studies showed that prenatal home blood pressure monitoring and postpartum screening for hypertension or metabolic syndrome were cost-effective. Nevertheless, limitations in the approach of the current economic evaluations may dampen the quality of the evidence and warrant further investigation.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Is a Significant Risk Factor for Long-Term Maternal Renal Disease; Context: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was found to be an independent risk factor for recurrent long-term type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular morbidity, and vascular endothelial dysfunction. However, data on the link between GDM and future risk for long-term maternal renal disease are limited. Objective: The purpose of this study was to investigate whether GDM poses a risk for subsequent long-term maternal renal morbidity. Design: A population-based noninterventional study compared the incidence of future renal morbidity in a cohort of women with and without previous GDM. Deliveries occurred during a 25-year period, with a mean follow-up duration of 11.2 years. Setting: The study was conducted at the Soroka University Medical Center. Participants: The study population was composed of all singleton pregnancies in women who delivered between January 1988 and December 2013. Main Outcome Measure: The main outcome was diagnosis of renal morbidities. Results: Of 97 968 women who met the inclusion criteria, 9542 (9.7%) had at least 1 previous pregnancy with GDM. Using a Kaplan-Meier survival curve, we show that women with GDM had higher rates of total renal morbidity (0.1% vs 0.2%, for no GDM and with GDM, respectively; odds ratio, 2.3, 95% confidence interval, 1.4-3.7; P < .001). In addition, we found a significant dose-response association (using the chi(2) test for trends) between the number of pregnancies with GDM and future risk for renal morbidity (0.1%, 0.2%, and 0.4% for no GDM, 1 episode of GDM, and 2 episodes of GDM, respectively; P < .001). In a Cox proportional hazards model, adjusted for con-founders, GDM was independently associated with future renal morbidity. Conclusion: GDM is a significant risk factor for future maternal renal morbidity. The risk is more substantial for patients with recurrent episodes of GDM.
Endocan expression is increased in the placenta from obese women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Endocan, a member of the proteoglycan family, is involved in a wide range of diseases including obesity and diabetes. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of (i) maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on placental endocan expression; and (ii) endocan knockdown on markers of inflammation. Methods: Endocan mRNA and protein expression was determined in human placenta from (i) lean and obese and normal glucose tolerant (NGT) pregnant women (n = 10 patients per group); and (ii) women with GDM and BMI-matched NGT women (n = 40 patients per group). Primary villous trophoblast cells and HUVECs were used to assess the effect of endocan siRNA knockdown on pro-inflammatory cytokines. Results: There was no effect of maternal obesity on placental endocan expression. Further, endocan expression was not different between lean NGT and BMI-matched women with GDM. However, endocan mRNA and protein expression was significantly higher in placenta from obese women with GDM when compared to BMI-matched NGT women. Knockdown of endocan in villous trophoblast cells and HUVECs had no effect on infection-or inflammation-induced expression and secretion of IL-6, IL-8 and MCP-1. Discussion: Endocan expression is increased in the human placenta from obese women with GDM, and in response to pro-inflammatory stimuli. Loss-of-function studies in villous trophoblast cells and HUVECs revealed that endocan is not directly involved in the genesis or in the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines induced by LPS or IL-113. Further studies are required to elucidate the functional consequences of increased placental endocan expression in obese GDM pregnancies. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Association between dietary inflammatory potential and risk of developing gestational diabetes: a prospective cohort study; BackgroundLimited and inconsistent data are available regarding the relationship between the dietary inflammatory potential (DIP) and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).ObjectiveThe present prospective study aimed to evaluate the association between DIP score during the first trimester of pregnancy and risk of developing GDM among Iranian women.MethodsIn this prospective cohort study, 812 pregnant women aged 20-40years, who were in their first trimester, were recruited and followed up until week 24-28 of gestation. Dietary intakes of study subjects were examined using an interviewer-administered validated 117-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). DIP score was calculated from 29 available food parameters based on earlier literature. The results of a fasting plasma glucose concentration and a 50-g, 1-h oral glucose tolerance test, between the 24th and 28th week of gestation, were used to diagnose GDM. The risk of developing GDM across quartiles of DIP score was estimated using Cox regression in several models.ResultsAt study baseline, mean (SD) age and BMI of study participants were 29.4 (4.84) y and 25.14 (+/- 4.08) kg/m(2), respectively. No significant association was found between DIP score and risk of GDM in the crude model (RR: 1.01; 95% CIs: 0.71-1.45). When we adjusted for age the association did not alter (RR: 1.04; 95% CIs: 0.72-1.48). Even after further adjustment for maternal weight gain we failed to find a significant association between DIP score and risk of GDM (RR: 0.97; 95% CIs: 0.66-1.41).Conclusion We found no significant association between DIP and risk of developing GDM. Further longitudinal studies among other populations are needed to elucidate the association between DIP score and GDM.
Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Pregnancy and Implications for Long-Term Health: Identifying the Research Priorities for Low-Resource Settings; Cardiometabolic disorders (CMDs), including ischemic heart disease, stroke and type 2 diabetes are the leading causes of mortality and morbidity in women worldwide. The burden of CMDs falls disproportionately on low and middle-income countries (LMICs), placing substantial demands on already pressured health systems. Cardiometabolic disorders may present up to a decade earlier in some LMIC settings, and are associated with high-case fatality rates. Early identification and ongoing postpartum follow-up of women with pregnancy complications such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may offer opportunities for prevention, or help delay onset of CMDs. This mini-review paper presents an overview of the key challenges faced in the early identification, referral and management of pregnant women at increased risk of CMDs, in low-resource settings worldwide. Evidence-based strategies, including novel diagnostics, technology and innovations for early detection, screening and management for pregnant women at high-risk of CMDs are presented. The review highlights the key research priorities for addressing cardiometabolic risk in pregnancy in low-resource settings.
Subclinical inflammation and vascular dysfunction in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; Context: A history of gestational diabetes (GDM) significantly increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). It is not known whether nondiabetic women with prior GDM are also at increased risk of CVD. Objective: The aim of this study was to compare biochemical and hemodynamic surrogate markers of CVD in nondiabetic women with and without a history of GDM who were at least 1 yr post delivery. Design: This was a single center cross-sectional study. Setting: The study was performed in an academic referral center. Subjects: Forty-eight premenopausal healthy women with a history of GDM (n = 25) or a history of normal pregnancy (n = 23) were studied in the follicular phase of the menstrual cycle. Main Outcome Measures: The main outcome measures were: 1) inflammatory markers associated with CVD including C-reactive protein, IL-6, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1; 2) the adipokine adiponectin; and 3) conduit vessel stiffness. Results: When compared to normal controls, women with prior GDM had higher mean levels of C-reactive protein (3.58 +/- 3.86 vs. 0.52 +/- 0.16 mg/liter; P < 0.001), IL-6 (1.81 +/- 1.04 vs. 0.99 +/- 0.52 pg/ml; P = 0.001), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (29.6 +/- 17.6 vs. 16.5 +/- 14.0 ng/ml; P = 0.001), and lower levels of adiponectin (8.9 +/- 3.9 vs. 15.9 +/- 7.3 mu g/ml; P = 0.001). Women with prior GDM also had significantly (P <= 0.04) increased peripheral vascular resistance (1658 +/- 290 vs. 1462 +/- 340 dyne(.)sec/cm(5)), decreased stroke volume (65 +/- 13 vs. 75 +/- 14 ml/beat), and decreased cardiac output (70 +/- 12 vs. 74 +/- 13 ml/sec) when compared to controls, after adjusting for body mass index. Conclusions: Nondiabetic women with prior GDM have evidence of subclinical inflammation, hypoadiponectinemia, and early vascular dysfunction; this population may be at increased risk of developing CVD.
Pregnancy Complications as a Window to Future Cardiovascular Disease; Pregnancy is a time of significant hemodynamic, metabolic, and hormonal stress that can unmask underlying subclinical cardiovascular abnormalities, and pregnancy-related complications may serve as early warning signs for future risk of cardiovascular disease. The increased recognition of these sex-specific risk factors could identify women who may benefit from more intensive risk factor modification to reduce morbidity and mortality later in life. In this review, we describe several pregnancy-related complications that have been associated with the risk of cardiovascular disease, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and pregnancy loss. Pregnancy-associated risk factors must be identified to fully assess a woman's future cardiovascular risk and may influence strategies for risk reduction.
Relationship between the paraoxonase 1 gene glutamine 192 to arginine polymorphism and gestational diabetes mellitus in Saudi women; Objectives: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is recognized as an imbalance between insulin resistance and insulin secretion, leading to maternal hyperglycemia. Previous studies in a Saudi population indicated a high frequency of Paraoxonase 1 glutamine 192 to arginine (PON1 Q192R) polymorphism, suggesting this polymorphism as an additional risk factor. The present study was designed to explore the possible association between the PON1 Q192R polymorphism and GDM in a Saudi population. Methods: This case-control study was carried out in 500 pregnant women, including 200 GDM cases and 300 non-GDM women. Genotyping for PON1 Q192R (rs662) variants was performed by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP). Results: The results of the present study indicates that Q192R polymorphism was significantly associated with GDM in a Saudi population with the minor allele frequency (MAF) (p = 0.0007). Q192R genotypes and alleles showed a strong association with GDM (p = 0.009 and p = 0.0007, respectively). Conclusion: In conclusion, these findings suggest that the PON1 Q192R polymorphism has high MAF in GDM in the studied Saudi population. (C) 2014 The Canadian Society of Clinical Chemists. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus on neonatal cardiovascular health: MySweetHeart Cohort study; Background Hyperglycaemic disorders of pregnancy are associated with offspring cardiovascular alterations. Methods MySweetHeart cohort study aimed to assess the effect of maternal gestational diabetes (GDM) on offsprings' cardiovascular health. Newborns underwent clinical and echocardiographic examinations between 2016 and 2020. Results Compared to mothers without GDM (n = 141), mothers with GDM (n = 123) were more likely to have had GDM in previous pregnancies and had higher weight, BMI, blood glucose, and HbA1c. Newborns of both groups showed similar clinical characteristics. Echocardiography was performed on the 3rd (interquartile range, IQR, 2nd-4th) day of life in 101 offsprings of mothers without and 116 offsprings of mothers with GDM. Left ventricular (LV) mass was similar. Children born to mothers with GDM had a thicker posterior LV wall (z-score +0.15, IQR -0.38/0.62, versus +0.47, IQR -0.11/+1.1, p = 0.004), a smaller end-systolic (1.3 mL, IQR 1.0-1.5 mL, versus 1.4 mL, IQR 1.2-1.8 mL, p = 0.044) but a similar end-diastolic LV volume. They also had shorter tricuspid valve flow duration and aortic valve ejection time, lower tricuspid E-wave and pulmonary valve velocities. Conclusions Newborns of mothers with or without GDM had similar clinical characteristics and LV mass. However, some echocardiographic differences were detected, suggesting an altered myocardial physiology among infants of mothers with GDM. Registration ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02872974). Impact Hyperglycaemic disorders of pregnancy are known to be associated with offspring cardiovascular alterations. Clinical characteristics and estimated left ventricular (LV) mass were similar in children issued from mothers with and without gestational diabetes (GDM). Children born to mothers with GDM had a thicker posterior LV wall and a smaller end-systolic LV volume. Although LV mass is not different, myocardial physiology may be altered in these infants. Further studies should investigate the endothelial function of this population and the cardiovascular evolution of these children over time.
Decreased flow-mediated dilation in gestational diabetes in pregnancy and post-partum. A systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common medical complication during pregnancy. Endothelial dysfunction is considered an early step in the progression of atherosclerosis that may contribute to subclinical target organ damage. This meta-analysis aimed to systemically review the existing data regarding endothelial dysfunction between women with and without GDM during pregnancy and post-partum using flow-mediated dilation (FMD). Materials and Methods: Eligible studies (cohort and observational) published until October 2021 were identified in the MEDLINE, Scopus, Cochrane Library database and grey literature sources were searched. Results: The search yielded 2272 studies, of which 17 were fully reviewed and 12 studies (N = 740 pregnant women) were finally included. Pregnant women with GDM exhibited a significantly lower FMD compared to pregnant women without GDM (pooled mean difference -3.12; 95% CI -5.36 to -0.88). Moreover, in the immediate (1-6 months) post-partum period, women with previous GDM showed lower FMD compared to healthy women without GDM history (pooled mean difference -7.52; 95% CI -9.44 to -5.59), whereas FMD did not differ in the late post-partum period (more than 4 years). Conclusions: Flow-mediated dilation is decreased in women with GDM during pregnancy and in the immediate post-partum period, compared to women without GDM, indicating that the endothelial dysfunction noted during the pregnancy in those women persists in the immediate post-partum period too.
Fetal Sex and Maternal Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: The Impact of Having a Boy; OBJECTIVERetrospective analyses of perinatal databases have raised the intriguing possibility of an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in women carrying a male fetus, but it has been unclear if this was a spurious association. We thus sought to evaluate the relationship between fetal sex and maternal glucose metabolism in a well-characterized cohort of women reflecting the full spectrum of gestational glucose tolerance from normal to mildly abnormal to GDM.RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSA total of 1,074 pregnant women underwent metabolic characterization, including oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), at mean 29.5 weeks' gestation. The prevalence of GDM, its pathophysiologic determinants (-cell function and insulin sensitivity/resistance), and its clinical risk factors were compared between women carrying a female fetus (n = 534) and those carrying a male fetus (n = 540).RESULTSWomen carrying a male fetus had lower mean adjusted -cell function (insulinogenic index divided by HOMA of insulin resistance: 9.4 vs. 10.5, P = 0.007) and higher mean adjusted blood glucose at 30 min (P = 0.025), 1 h (P = 0.004), and 2 h (P = 0.02) during the OGTT, as compared with those carrying a female fetus. Furthermore, women carrying a male fetus had higher odds of developing GDM (odds ratio 1.39 [95% CI 1.01-1.90]). Indeed, male fetus further increased the relative risk of GDM conferred by the classic risk factors of maternal age >35 years and nonwhite ethnicity by 47 and 51%, respectively.CONCLUSIONSMale fetus is associated with poorer -cell function, higher postprandial glycemia, and an increased risk of GDM in the mother. Thus, fetal sex potentially may influence maternal glucose metabolism in pregnancy.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and offspring's carotid intima-media thickness at birth: MySweetHeart Cohort study; Objective Hyperglycaemia during pregnancy is associated with cardiometabolic risks for the mother and the offspring. Mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have signs of subclinical atherosclerosis, including increased carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT). We assessed whether GDM is associated with increased CIMT in the offspring at birth. Design and setting MySweetHeart Cohort is a prospective cohort study conducted in Switzerland. Participants, exposure and outcome measures This work included pregnant women with and without GDM at 24-32 weeks of gestation and their singleton live-born offspring with data on the primary outcome of CIMT. GDM was diagnosed based on the criteria of the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups. Offspring's CIMT was measured by ultrasonography after birth (range 1-19 days). Results Data on CIMT were available for 99 offspring of women without GDM and 101 offspring of women with GDM. Maternal age ranged from 18 to 47 years. Some 16% of women with GDM and 6% of women without GDM were obese. Smoking during pregnancy was more frequent among women with GDM (1 8%) than among those without GDM (4%). Neonatal characteristics were comparable between the two groups. The difference in CIMT between offspring of women with and without GDM was of 0.00 mm (95% CI -0.01 to 0.01; p=0.96) and remained similar on adjustment for potential confounding factors, such as maternal prepregnancy body mass index, maternal education, smoking during pregnancy, family history of diabetes, as well as offspring's sex, age, and body surface area (0.00 mm (95% CI -0.02 to 0.01; p=0.45)). Conclusions We found no evidence of increased CIMT in neonates exposed to GDM. A longer-term follow-up that includes additional vascular measures, such as endothelial function or arterial stiffness, may shed further light on the cardiovascular health trajectories in children born to mothers with GDM.
Fetoplacental Vascular Endothelial Dysfunction as an Early Phenomenon in the Programming of Human Adult Diseases in Subjects Born from Gestational Diabetes Mellitus or Obesity in Pregnancy; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obesity in pregnancy (OP) are pathological conditions associated with placenta vascular dysfunction coursing with metabolic changes at the fetoplacental microvascular and macrovascular endothelium. These alterations are seen as abnormal expression and activity of the cationic amino acid transporters and endothelial nitric oxide synthase isoform, that is, the "endothelial L-arginine/nitric oxide signalling pathway." Several studies suggest that the endogenous nucleoside adenosine along with insulin, and potentially arginases, are factors involved in GDM-, butmuch less information regards their role in OP-associated placental vascular alterations. There is convincing evidence that GDM and OP prone placental endothelium to an "altered metabolic state" leading to fetal programming evidenced at birth, a phenomenon associated with future development of chronic diseases. In this paper it is suggested that this pathological state could be considered as a metabolic marker that could predict occurrence of diseases in adulthood, such as cardiovascular disease, obesity, diabetes mellitus (including gestational diabetes), and metabolic syndrome.
Achieving euglycaemia in women with gestational diabetes Mellitus - Current options for screening, diagnosis and treatment; Gestational diabetes mellitus is one of the major medical complications of pregnancy. Untreated, the mother and the unborn child may experience morbidity and fetal death may even occur. It is important to diagnose and treat all hyperglycaemia appearing during pregnancy. Ideally, a screening and diagnostic test that identified all women at risk for hyperglycaemia-associated complications would be employed in all pregnant women. Unfortunately, there is no such test available currently. The best alternative is to administer an oral glucose challenge test to all pregnant women and then apply the best strategies for interpretation. This article discusses the limitations of our present diagnostic tools and suggests an option for the clinician until the definitive test has been elucidated. In addition, this article outlines one dietary and management strategy that has been associated with an outcome of pregnancy that is similar to the outcome of pregnancies in healthy women. This strategy includes starting with a 'euglycaemic' diet (comprising <40% carbohydrates and greater than or equal to40% fat), which can then be individualised according to the patient's glucose levels. Appropriate exercise, such as arm ergometer training, may enhance the benefits of diet control. For patients who require insulin, if the fasting glucose level is >90 mg/dL or 5 mmol/L (whole blood capillary) then NPH insulin (insulin suspension isophane) should be given before bed, beginning with dosages of 0.2 U/kg/day. If the postprandial glucose level is elevated, pre-meal rapid-acting insulin should be prescribed, beginning with a dose of 1U per 10g of carbohydrates in the meal. If both the fasting and postprandial glucose levels are elevated, or if a woman's postprandial glucose levels can only be blunted if starvation ketosis occurs, a four-injections-per-day regimen should be prescribed. The latter can be based on combinations of NPH insulin and regular human insulin, timed to provide basal and meal-related insulin boluses. The total daily insulin dose for the four-injection regimen should be adjusted according to pregnant bodyweight and gestational week (0.7-1 U/kg/day); doses may need to be increased for the morbidly obese or when there is twin gestation. There is now some evidence that insulin lispro, other insulin analogues and oral anti hyperglycaemic drugs may be beneficial in gestational diabetes, and more data on these agents are awaited with interest.
Assessing the causal association of pregnancy complications with diabetes and cardiovascular disease; Background: To the best of our knowledge, numerous observational studies have linked pregnancy complications to increased risks of diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD), causal evidence remains lacking. Our aim was to estimate the association of adverse pregnancy outcomes with diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Methods: A two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was employed, which is not subject to potential reverse causality. Data for pregnancy complications were obtained from the FinnGen consortium. For primary analysis, outcome data on diabetes, related traits, stroke, and coronary heart disease (CHD) were extracted from the GWAS Catalog, MAGIC, MEGASTROKE, and CARDIoGRAMplusC4D consortium. The MAGIC and UKB consortium datasets were used for replication and meta-analysis. Causal effects were appraised using inverse variance weighted (IVW), weighted median (WM), and MR-Egger. Sensitivity analyses were implemented with Cochran's Q test, MR-Egger intercept test, MR-PRESSO, leave-one-out (LOO) analysis and the funnel plot. Results: Genetically predicted gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was causally associated with an increased diabetes risk (OR=1.01, 95% CI=1-1.01, P<0.0001), yet correlated with lower 2-hour post-challenge glucose levels (OR=0.89, 95% CI=0.82-0.97, P=0.006). Genetic liability for pregnancy with abortive outcomes indicated decreased fasting insulin levels (OR=0.97, 95% CI=0.95-0.99, P=0.02), but potentially elevated glycated hemoglobin levels (OR=1.02, 95% CI=1.01-1.04, P=0.01). Additionally, hypertensive disorders in pregnancy was tentatively linked to increased risks of stroke (OR=1.11, 95% CI=1.04-1.18, P=0.002) and CHD (OR=1.3, 95% CI=1.2-1.4, P=3.11E-11). Gestational hypertension might have a potential causal association with CHD (OR=1.11, 95% CI=1.01-1.22, P=0.04). No causal associations were observed between preterm birth and diabetes, stroke, or CHD. Conclusion: The findings of this study provide genetic evidence that gestational diabetes, pregnancy with abortive outcomes, and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy may serve as early indicators for metabolic and cardiovascular risks. These insights are pivotal for the development of targeted screening and preventive strategies.
Gestational diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease in women: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims/hypothesis Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an elevated lifetime risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Recently, a series of studies has suggested that women with GDM also have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, it is unclear if this risk is dependent upon the intercurrent development of type 2 diabetes. Thus, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the impact of GDM on future risk of incident CVD and to ascertain the role of type 2 diabetes in this regard. Methods We systematically searched the PubMed and EMBASE databases for observational studies that evaluated the association of GDM with subsequent CVD, with publication between 1 January 1950 and 30 August 2018. Two independent reviewers extracted data and the analysis was performed in accordance with Meta-analysis of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (MOOSE) guidelines. RRs were calculated using a random-effects model to assess the predictive value of GDM for future cardiovascular events. To evaluate whether incident type 2 diabetes in the GDM population influenced the association with CVD, we used meta-regression models followed by sensitivity analyses restricted to women who did not develop type 2 diabetes during follow-up. Results A pooled analysis of nine studies yielded data from 5,390,591 women (101,424 cardiovascular events). Compared with those who did not have GDM, women with GDM had a twofold higher risk of future cardiovascular events (RR 1.98 [95% CI 1.57, 2.50]). Meta-regression analysis showed that the rates of incident type 2 diabetes across the studies did not affect this risk (p=0.34). Moreover, when restricted to women who did not develop type 2 diabetes, GDM remained associated with a 56% higher risk of future cardiovascular events (RR 1.56 [95% CI 1.04, 2.32]). GDM conferred a 2.3-fold increased risk of cardiovascular events in the first decade postpartum (RR 2.31 [95% CI 1.57, 3.39]). Conclusions/interpretation The diagnosis of GDM identifies young women who have a twofold higher risk of cardiovascular events postpartum compared with their peers. This risk is not dependent upon intercurrent type 2 diabetes and is apparent within the first decade after pregnancy. Thus, even without progressing to type 2 diabetes, women with GDM comprise an at-risk population for CVD and hence a potential opportunity for early risk factor surveillance and risk modification.
Maternal weight and gestational diabetes impacts on child health; Purpose of review To review recent evidence linking maternal body mass index and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with offspring health outcomes. Recent findings It is now established that the rising prevalences of maternal obesity and GDM are both making substantial contributions to the growing burden of childhood obesity and associated disorders. Strengthening evidence also links maternal obesity with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, lower respiratory tract infections during infancy, wheezing illnesses, asthma and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder during childhood, and with higher risks of psychiatric disorders and colorectal cancer in adulthood. GDM has been associated with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, childhood wheeze/asthma (but not allergic sensitization), and with high refractive error, attention deficit hyperactivity and psychiatric disorders from childhood onwards. The long-term consequences of maternal obesity and GDM for the offspring in childhood and later adult life present major challenges for public health across the life course and for future generations. Tackling these challenges requires a systems-based approach to support achieving a healthy weight in young people prior to conception, alongside new insights into population based preventive measures against gestational diabetes.
Knowledge and care regarding long-term cardiovascular risk after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes; BackgroundAdverse pregnancy outcomes (APO), such as preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes (GDM) are substantial risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. Identifying these high-risk female individuals during pregnancy offers the possibility of preventing long-term CVD and chronic kidney disease via a structured therapeutic and surveillance plan. We aimed to evaluate the current practice of postpartum care in women after APO and the impact on the women's awareness about their future risk for CVD.MethodsWomen diagnosed with PE and GDM at the University Hospital of St. Poelten/Lilienfeld between 2015-2020 were identified and participated in a structured telephone interview about postpartum medical care and knowledge about the impact of APOs on long-term cardiovascular health.ResultsOf 161 out of the 750 women contacted, 29% (n = 46) were diagnosed with PE and 71% (n = 115) with GDM. One third of all women and up to 44% of women diagnosed with PE, were unaware that APOs are related to CVD. Women diagnosed with PE were less likely to receive postpartum care information than those with GDM (30.4% vs. 49.6%, p = 0.027), and only one third of all women after APOs were counselled by a physician or healthcare professional. Of the women 50% received recommendations regarding lifestyle changes after delivery; significantly more women with GDM than women with PE (54% vs. 37%, p = 0.05). Only 14% had at least one long-term follow-up.ConclusionThis study identified a significant deficit of structured postpartum care and a lack of awareness among women after APO and their healthcare providers about the increased risk of long-term CVD.
The Association of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Cardiovascular Disease: Current Knowledge and Future Directions; Purpose of reviewAdverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with increased risk for future cardiovascular disease. The goal of this review is to share what is currently known about the increased risk and to identify areas for future research. Recent findingsSevere studies have identified a strong association between adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease such as heart failure, valvular disease, ischemic heart disease, stroke, hypertension, and metabolic syndrome. The recognition of this increased risk is reflected in recent changes in prevention guidelines. The guidelines now recognize sex-specific risks such as preeclampsia and preterm delivery and recommend incorporating a pregnancy history to identify them earlier. However, no robust risk prediction tools incorporating these pregnancy risk factors have been developed and validated. While smaller clinical trials have been performed in reducing cardiovascular risk factors in the postpartum timeframe, there remains a paucity of large-scale randomized clinical trials that continue to show a risk reduction in these women. SummaryWhile there is increasing recognition of the long-term cardiovascular risks associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, there remains a need for interventional studies aimed at reducing this risk and for incorporation of pregnancy risk factors into traditional cardiovascular risk prediction tools.
No effect of gestational diabetes or pre-gestational obesity on 6-year offspring left ventricular function-RADIEL study follow-up; Aims We aimed to investigate associations between pre-pregnancy obesity, gestational diabetes (GDM), offspring body composition, and left ventricular diastolic and systolic function in early childhood. Methods This is an observational study, including 201 mother-child pairs originating from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL; 96 with GDM, 128 with pre-pregnancy obesity) with follow-up from gestation to 6-year postpartum. Follow-up included dyads anthropometrics, body composition, blood pressure, and child left ventricular function with comprehensive echocardiography (conventional and strain imaging). Results Offspring left ventricular diastolic and systolic function was not associated with gestational glucose concentrations, GDM, or pregravida obesity. Child body fat percentage correlated with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI in the setting of maternal obesity (r = 0.23,P = 0.009). After adjusting for child lean body mass, age, sex, systolic BP, resting HR, maternal lean body mass, pre-gestational BMI, and GDM status, child left atrial volume increased by 0.3 ml (95% CI 0.1, 0.5) for each 1% increase in child body fat percentage. Conclusions No evidence of foetal cardiac programming related to GDM or maternal pre-pregnancy obesity was observed in early childhood. Maternal pre-pregnancy obesity is associated with early weight gain. Child adiposity in early childhood is independently associated with increased left atrial volume, but its implications for long-term left ventricle diastolic function and cardiovascular health remain unknown.
Can short- and long-term maternal and infant risks linked to hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy be reduced by therapy?; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), especially preeclampsia, and diabetes during pregnancy pose significant risks for both maternal and infant health, extending to long-term outcomes such as early-onset cardiovascular disease and metabolic disorders. Current strategies for managing HDP focus on screening, prevention, surveillance, and timely intervention. No disease-modifying therapies exist so far for established preeclampsia; delivery remains the definitive resolution. Preventive measures-including early pregnancy screening, exercise, and low-dose aspirin-show promise. Antihypertensive treatments reduce severe hypertension risks, whereas magnesium sulfate remains the standard for preventing eclampsia. Planned delivery from gestational week 37 can balance maternal benefits and neonatal risks in women with established preeclampsia. Delivery between 34 and 37 weeks gestation in women with preeclampsia has to balance risks for mother and infant. Lifestyle interventions-particularly diet and physical activity-are pivotal in managing gestational diabetes mellitus and type 2 diabetes. The oral antidiabetic metformin has shown benefits in glycaemic control and reducing maternal weight gain, although its long-term effects on offspring remain uncertain. The safety of other peroral antidiabetics in pregnancy is less studied. Advancements in glucose monitoring and insulin administration present encouraging prospects for enhancing outcomes in women with diabetes types 1 and 2. Both HDP and diabetes during pregnancy necessitate vigilant management through a combination of lifestyle modifications, pharmacological interventions, and timely obstetric care. Although certain treatments such as low-dose aspirin and metformin show efficacy in risk reduction, further research is ongoing to ensure safety for both mothers and their offspring to reduce short- and long-term adverse effects.
Glucose screening in pregnancy and future risk of cardiovascular disease in women: a retrospective, population-based cohort study; Background In studies to date, gestational diabetes has consistently been associated with an increased future risk of cardiovascular disease, irrespective of the antepartum screening protocol or diagnostic criteria by which gestational diabetes is diagnosed. We reasoned that the resultant heterogeneity in the severity of dysglycaemia in women with gestational diabetes suggests that the relationship between gestational glycaemia and subsequent cardiovascular disease probably extends into the non-diagnostic range. Thus, we hypothesised that glucose screening in pregnancy would identify future risk of cardiovascular disease in women who did not have gestational diabetes. Methods We did a population-based cohort study using information from health-care administrative databases from the Ministry of Health and Long Term Care of Ontario (Canada). We identified all women in Ontario who had a 50 g oral glucose challenge test in pregnancy between 24 and 28 weeks gestation with a livebirth delivery between July 1, 2007, and Dec 31, 2015. Women who had a history of diabetes before pregnancy or had been previously hospitalised for cardiovascular disease were excluded. Women with a 1-h post-challenge plasma glucose concentration of 11.1 mmol/L or greater were considered to have gestational diabetes, as were women with a reading between 7.8 and 11.0 mmol/L inclusive for whom diabetes was recorded as a diagnosis on the delivery hospital record. The study population was divided into six groups based on the results of the glucose challenge test (<= 4.8 mmol/L; 4.9-5.5 mmol/L; 5.6-6.2 mmol/L; 6.3-6.9 mmol/L; 7.0-7.9 mmol/L; and >= 8.0 mmol/L). The primary outcome was cardiovascular disease (a composite of hospitalisation for myocardial infarction, acute coronary syndrome, stroke, coronary artery bypass grafting, percutaneous coronary intervention, or carotid endarterectomy). All women were followed up from the index pregnancy until cardiovascular disease event, death, migration, or Sept 30, 2017, whichever came first. Findings 259 164 women were identified as eligible for this study: 13 609 who had gestational diabetes, and 245 555 women without gestational diabetes. The women were followed up over a median 3.9 years (IQR 2.8-5.6) for the development of cardiovascular disease. Each 1 mmol/L increment in the glucose challenge test result was associated with a 13% higher risk of cardiovascular disease (after adjustment for age, ethnicity, income, and rurality, adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1.13, 95% CI 1.04-1.22). This relationship persisted after excluding women with gestational diabetes (1.14, 1.01-1.28). In women without gestational diabetes, those with an abnormal glucose challenge test result (>= 7.8 mmol/L) and those with a result between 7.2 and 7.7 mmol/L had an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (HR 1.94, 95% CI 1.29-2.92; and 1.65, 0.99-2.76, respectively), compared with those with a result of 7.1 mmol/L or less (overall p=0.003). Interpretation The relationship between gestational glycaemia and subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease extends into the normoglycaemic range. Accordingly, glucose screening in pregnancy could identify future risk of cardiovascular disease in women who do not have gestational diabetes. Copyright (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The protective effect of zinc, selenium, and chromium on myocardial fibrosis in the offspring of rats with gestational diabetes mellitus; The offspring of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers are considered to be at the risk of cardiovascular diseases due to intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure. Our previous study showed that zinc, selenium, and chromium dramatically alleviated glucose intolerance in GDM rats and their offspring (P < 0.05). However, the effects of these elements on the damage of the cardiac myocytes of GDM offspring and the underlying mechanisms have not been demonstrated. Here, we investigated the beneficial effects of zinc (10 mg per kg bw), selenium (20 mu g per kg bw), and chromium (20 mu g per kg bw) supplementation on myocardial fibrosis in the offspring of GDM rats induced by a high-fat and sucrose (HFS) diet. The results showed that maternal GDM induced glucose intolerance, oxidative stress, cardiac inflammation and myocardial fibrosis in offspring rats during different ages (3 days, 3 weeks, and adulthood), which were ameliorated by zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation (P < 0.05). The activity of cardiac damage markers such as creatine kinase-myocardial band isoenzyme (CK-MB), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) decreased by 40-60% in element-supplemented offspring compared to that in non-supplemented offspring of GDM dams (P < 0.05). Moreover, maternal GDM-induced expression of fibrosis-related proteins and the transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-beta 1)/small mothers against decapentaplegic homolog 3 (Smad3) signaling pathway in the heart tissue of offspring was down-regulated by zinc, selenium, and chromium supplementation (P < 0.05). In conclusion, zinc, selenium, and chromium may play a protective role in maternal GDM-induced myocardial fibrosis in offspring from birth to adulthood by inactivating the TGF-beta 1/Smad3 pathway.
Prevalence of Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy in Fetuses of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes before Initiating Treatment; Objective To evaluate the prevalence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) in fetuses of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the beginning of the treatment. Methods A cross-sectional study was performed between July 1, 2013, and December 20, 2013, in a public maternity clinic in southern Brazil. The subjects were 63 fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes, with a single pregnancy and no other associated pathologies. We diagnosed HCM through a fetal echocardiography before treatment and evaluated the maternal and fetal characteristics. Results The average age of the pregnant women was 32.32 (+/- 6.2) years, and the average gestational age at the time of the evaluation was 30.59 (+/- 2.27) weeks. The interventricular septum thickness showed a standard deviation of more than two in 50.8% of the fetuses (95% confidence interval [95% CI]: 38.1-63.5%). The left ventricular wall thickness showed a standard deviation of more than 2 in 13 (20.6%) fetuses (95% CI: 11.1-30.2%). The HCM was confirmed in 54% of the fetuses (95% CI: 41.3-65.1%). The fetal abdominal circumference was normal in 46 (73%) fetuses, and 50% of these fetuses had HCM. Conclusion The prevalence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in fetuses of pregnant women with GDM before treatment was of 54% (95% CI: 41.3-65.1%).
A history of previous gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with adverse changes in insulin secretion and VLDL metabolism independently of increased intrahepatocellular lipid; We have previously reported a high prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM). We wanted to confirm that intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL) is associated with pGDM independently of adiposity and determine: (1) if VLDL metabolism is dysregulated; and (2) the extent to which NAFLD and IHCL account for the dysmetabolic phenotype in pGDM. We analysed data from a cohort of 234 women (114 with pGDM) and identified effects of pGDM on lipid and glucoregulation that were independent of ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD. We then measured IHCL by MR spectroscopy in a representative subgroup (n = 36) and conducted detailed metabolic studies (IVGTT, VLDL apolipoprotein B [apoB] kinetics and palmitate turnover) and measurement of regional body fat by MRI to demonstrate effects of IHCL that were independent of a history of pGDM. pGDM was associated with increased IHCL (p = 0.04) after adjustment for adiposity. Independently of IHCL, pGDM was associated with a lower IVGTT disposition index (p = 0.02) and acute insulin response to glucose (pGDM+/NAFLD-, 50% lower; pGDM+/NAFLD+, 36% lower; effect of pGDM, p = 0.03), increased VLDL apoB pool size (pGDM+/NAFLD-, 3.1-fold higher; pGDM+/NAFLD+, 1.2-fold higher; effect of pGDM, p = 0.02) and, at borderline significance (p = 0.05), increased rate of VLDL apoB synthesis. pGDM is associated with increased IHCL independently of adiposity. The increased liver fat contributes to the phenotype, but pGDM status is independently associated with diminished insulin secretion and (shown for the first time) augmented VLDL metabolism. IHCL with pGDM may compound a dysmetabolic phenotype.
Postpartum Metabolic Function in Women Delivering a Macrosomic Infant in the Absence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; OBJECTIVE-Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with fetal macrosomia and maternal postpartum dysglycemia, insulin resistance, and beta-cell dysfunction. Indeed, in practice, a prior pregnancy that resulted in a large-for-gestational-age (LGA) delivery is often considered presumptive evidence of GDM, whether or not it was diagnosed at the time. If this clinical assumption is correct, however, we would expect these women to exhibit postpartum metabolic dysfunction. Thus, to test this hypothesis, we assessed metabolic function during and after pregnancy in a cohort of women stratified according to the presence/absence of GDM and LGA delivery, respectively. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-A total of 562 women underwent metabolic characterization, including oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), in late pregnancy and at 3 months' postpartum. The women were stratified into three groups: those with neither GDM nor LGA delivery (nonGDM, n = 364), those without GDM but with LGA delivery (nonGDM LGA, n = 46), and those with GDM (n = 152). RESULTS-On logistic regression, GDM predicted postpartum glucose intolerance (OR 4.1 [95% CI 2.5-6.81; P < 0.0001), whereas nonGDM LGA did not (P = 0.65). At 3 months' postpartum, the mean adjusted levels of fasting glucose and area under the glucose curve on the OGTT were significantly higher in the GDM women compared with either nonGDM or nonGDM LGA (all P < 0.05), with no differences between the latter two groups. In a similar manner, mean adjusted insulin sensitivity (Matsuda index) and beta-cell function (Insulin Secretion-Sensitivity Index-2) were lower in GDM women compared with either nonGDM or nonGDM LGA (all P < 0.05), again with no differences between the latter two groups. CONCLUSIONS-Women with nonGDM LGA do not exhibit postpartum metabolic dysfunction, arguing against the assumption of undiagnosed GDM in these patients. Diabetes Care 34:2608-2613,2011
Population-based study on birth outcomes among women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus; To evaluate birth outcomes in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), we used insurance data of Taiwan to evaluate 11 adverse neonatal outcomes of infants born to women with HDP (N = 7775) and with both HDP and GDM (HDP/GDM) (N = 1946), comparing to women with neither disorder (N = 19,442), matched by age. The impacts of preeclampsia/eclampsia were also evaluated. Results showed that Caesarean section delivery was near 1.7-fold greater in the HDP/GDM and HDP groups than in comparisons. The preterm delivery rates were more than threefold greater in HDP/GDM group and HDP group than in comparisons with adjusted odds ratios (aORs) of 4.84 (95% confidence interval (CI) 4.34-5.40) and 3.92 (95% CI 3.65-4.21), respectively, followed by jaundice (aORs 2.95 (95% CI 2.63-3.33) and 1.90 (95% CI 1.76-2.06)), and small gestation age (SGA) (aORs 6.57 (95% CI 5.56-7.75) and 5.81 (95% CI 5.15-6.55)). Incidence rates of birth trauma, patent ductus arteriosus, atrial septal defect, respiratory distress syndrome, and neonatal hypoglycemia were also higher in the HDP/GDM and HDP groups than in the comparison group. Most adverse outcomes increased further in women with preeclampsia or eclampsia. In conclusion, women with HDP are at elevated risks of adverse neonatal outcomes. Risks of most adverse outcomes increase further for women with both HDP and GDM. Preeclampsia or eclampsia may also contribute to these outcomes to higher risk levels. Every pregnant woman with these conditions deserves specialized prenatal care.
Inflammation and decreased cardiovagal modulation are linked to stress and depression at 36th week of pregnancy in gestational diabetes mellitus; Stress and depression have been reported in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Though inflammation and oxidative stress are associated with depression, there are no reports of link of cardiometabolic risks (CMR) to stress and depression in GDM. Normal pregnant women (control group, n=164) and women with GDM (study group, n=176) at 36th week of gestation were recruited for the study. Blood pressure (BP), body composition, heart rate variability (HRV), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1C), markers of insulin resistance, oxidative stress, inflammation and endothelial dysfunction, were assessed. Perceived stress score (PSS), quality of life (QoL) scale, Indian diabetic risk score (IDRS) and Edinburg postnatal depression score (EPDS) were assessed. Association of potential contributors to PSS and EDPS were assessed by correlation and regression analyses. There was significant increase in PSS, EPDS, IDRS scores, HbA1C, malondialdehyde (MDA) (oxidative stress marker) and high-sensitive C-reactive protein and interleukin-6 (inflammatory markers), and significant decrease in total power (TP) of HRV (marker of cardiovagal modulation), QoL and nitric oxide (endothelial dysfunction marker) in study group compared to control group. Though many cardiometabolic risk parameters were correlated with PSS and EPDS, the significant independent association was observed for TP, HbA1C, MDA and interleukin-6. However, interleukin-6 had maximum contribution to PSS (beta=0.550, p<0.001) and EPDS (beta=0.393, p<0.001) as demonstrated by multiple regression analysis. Inflammation, oxidative stress, glycation status and decreased cardiovagal modulation are associated with stress and depression at 36th week of gestation in GDM.
Lactonase Activity, Status, and Genetic Variations of Paraoxonase 1 in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background. Paraoxonase 1 (PON1) is a calcium-dependent multifunctional enzyme that binds to high-density lipoproteins. The physiological function of PON1 is related to its lactonase activity. However, this activity has not been analyzed in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The present study investigated the lactonase activities and status of PON1 and their association with PON1 genetic variants and oxidative stress indices in Chinese women with GDM. Methods. This is a case-control study of 347 women with GDM and 288 women with uncomplicated pregnancies. PON1 levels and lactonase activities were analyzed using 7-O-diethylphosphoryl-3-cyano-4-methyl-7-hydroxycoumarin (DEPCyMC) and 5-thiobutyl butyrolactone (TBBL), respectively. A normalized lactonase activity (NLA) was estimated based on the ratio of TBBLase to DEPCyMCase activity. Serum malondialdehyde (MDA), total oxidant status (TOS), total antioxidant capacity (TAC) levels, and PON1 genetic polymorphisms were also analyzed. Results. PON1 lactonase activity and levels of TOS, TAC, and MDA were higher in the GDM women compared with the control women. The PON1 -108C -> T genetic variation decreased the levels and lactonase activities of PON1 in a genotype-dependent manner in the patient and control groups. GDM patients with the PON1 -108TT genotype displayed lower NLA than those with the -108CC or -108CT genotype. GDM patients with the RR genotype of PON1 192Q/R polymorphism had significantly lower PON1 lactonase activities and NLA and tended to have decreased PON1 levels compared with those with the QQ or QR genotype. Multivariable regression analysis revealed that the PON1 -108C/T or 192Q/R variations, apolipoprotein (apo) A1, apoB, TAC, MDA, or age was significant predictors of the levels, lactonase activities, or NLA of PON1. Conclusions. The lactonase activities of PON1 are increased in women with GDM. PON1 genetic variants, increased oxidative stress, and abnormalities in lipoproteins may be associated with these changes.
Pharmacotherapy for gestational diabetes; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents impaired carbohydrate metabolism during pregnancy and is characterized by progressive insulin resistance and compensatory hyperinsulinaemia. If inadequately treated, it may lead to fetal macrosomia and other adverse outcomes.Areas covered: In this review, the authors summarize the current evidence from studies on the use of insulin and other agents for the treatment of women with GDM.Expert opinion: Lifestyle management is of paramount importance for the treatment of GDM. In pharmacotherapy, insulin remains the long-established mainstay of treatment. NPH (Neutral Protamine Hagedorn) and soluble human insulin have long been established for use, but favorable experience has now also accumulated with the newer insulins (aspart, lispro, detemir). Alternatively, metformin and glyburide have been used in GDM, but they have never gained wide acceptance. Nutritional supplements based on micronutrients and bioactives (probiotics and myoinositol) have shown promising results as well. Further experience with incretin agents (DPP-4 inhibitors and GLP-1 receptor agonists) is awaited.
Cardiovascular Disease in Women: From Pathophysiology to Novel and Emerging Risk Factors; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in Australian women, as well as men, with clear disparities in treatment and outcomes between the sexes. Moreover, disease pathophysiology differs between the sexes, with women more likely to suffer from microvascular coronary disease, endothelial dysfunction and heart failure with preserved ejection fraction, as compared to men, who are more likely to experience macrovascular disease or heart failure with reduced ejection fraction. Evidence suggests that both traditional and novel cardiovascular risk factors are often under-recognised and under-treated in women. Certain 'traditional' risk factors, including diabetes mellitus and smoking, may also portend a greater risk of cardiovascular disease in women than men. Furthermore, a number of female-specific risk factors have been identified as increasing the risk of cardiovascular disease in women, including pre-term delivery, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and polycystic ovary syndrome. Currently, these factors are not included in primary prevention risk stratification tools, nor are they routinely considered in a cardiovascular assessment at a clinical level. This represents a missed opportunity, as early identification may allow for risk factor modification and possible amelioration of the disease burden. This review explores the role of traditional, sex-specific and novel risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women, in addition to pathophysiological differences between the sexes, and contributing societal and behavioural factors. These differences argue strongly for a 'precision medicine' approach to cardiovascular disease that includes sex as a key component.
Proteinuria and venous thromboembolism in pregnancy: a population-based cohort study; Background. Pregnancy-associated venous thromboembolism (VTE) is associated with high morbidity and mortality. Identification of risk factors of VTE may lead to improved maternal and foetal outcomes. Proteinuria confers a pro-thrombotic state, however, its association with VTE in pregnancy remains unknown. We set out to assess the association of proteinuria and VTE during pregnancy. Methods. We conducted a population-based, retrospective cohort study of all pregnant women (>= 16 years of age) with a proteinuria measure within 20 weeks of conception (n=306244; mean age 29.8 years) from Ontario, Canada. Proteinuria was defined by any of the following: urine albumin:creatinine ratio >= 3 mg/mmol, urine protein:creatinine ratio >= 5 mg/mmol or urine dipstick proteinuria >= 1. The main outcome measure was a diagnosis of VTE up to 24-weeks post-partum. Results. A positive proteinuria measurement occurred in 8508 (2.78%) women and was more common with a history of kidney disease, gestational or non-gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension. VTE events occurred in 625 (0.20%) individuals, with a higher risk among women with positive proteinuria [32 events (0.38%)] compared with women without proteinuria [593 events (0.20%); inverse probability-weighted risk ratio 1.79 (95% confidence interval 1.25-2.57)]. The association was consistent using a more specific VTE definition, in the post-partum period, in high-risk subgroups (hypertension or diabetes) and when the sample was restricted to women with preserved kidney function. Conclusions. The presence of proteinuria in the first 20 weeks of pregnancy is associated with a significantly higher risk of VTE.
Improving Postpartum and Long-Term Health After an Adverse Pregnancy Outcome: Examining Interventions From a Health Equity Perspective; Gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy are adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) that affect 15% of pregnancies in the United States. These APOs have long-term health implications, with greater risks of future cardiovascular and chronic disease later in life. In this manuscript, we review the importance of timely postpartum follow-up and transition to primary care after APOs for future disease prevention. We also discuss interventions to improve postpartum follow-up and long-term health after an APO. In recognizing racial and ethnic disparities in APOs and chronic disease, we review important considerations of these interventions through a health equity lens.
Elevated Plasma SPARC Levels Are Associated with Insulin Resistance, Dyslipidemia, and Inflammation in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objective: Recent studies suggested that secreted protein acidic and rich in cysteine (SPARC), a novel adipokine, is a key player in the pathology of obesity and type 2 diabetes. We aimed to determine whether concentrations of SPARC were altered in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to normal glucose tolerance (NGT) controls and to investigate the relationships between SPARC and metabolic parameters in pregnant women. Design/Methods: Cross-sectional study of 120 pregnant women with GDM and 60 controls with NGT, in a university hospital setting. Plasma levels of SPARC, adiponectin, fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21), insulin and proinsulin were determined by ELISA. Results: GDM women had higher SPARC and lower adiponectin than NGT subjects; no difference was found in FGF21. SPARC levels were the lowest in subjects in the third tertile of insulin sensitivity index (ISIOGTT) and correlated positively with pre-pregnant BMI, insulin and 3 h glucose during 100-g OGTT, HOMA-IR, fasting proinsulin, hsCRP and white blood cells count, and negatively with ISIOGTT, when adjusting for gestational age. Triglyceride (TG), Apolipoprotein A1, apolipoprotein B and lipoprotein (a) correlated with SPARC in partial Pearson correlation. Correlations between SPARC with adiponectin, systolic blood pressure and TG were marginally significant in partial Spearman correlation analysis. In multivariate regression analysis, SPARC was an independent negative indicator of ISIOGTT. Conclusions: SPARC levels are correlated significantly with inflammation and may also be correlated with dyslipidemia and represent an independent determinant of insulin resistance in late pregnancy, indicating a potential role of SPARC in the pathophysiology of GDM.
Benefits of the Neutrophil-to-Lymphocyte Ratio for the Prediction of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Pregnant Women; Aims: There is growing consensus in the literature that inflammation plays a central role in the pathophysiology of obesity, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM), Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) and cardiovascular complications. Measuring the neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) provides a simple inexpensive method for the assessment of inflammatory status. We investigated the predictive value of pre-procedural (before the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT)) NLR on the development of GDM in pregnancy. Methods: 42 women with GDM and 68 women without GDM were included in the study. Complete Blood Count and biochemical tests were followed by a diagnostic 4-point 100-g-OGTT within 2 weeks. GDM was diagnosed by the Carpenter and Coustan criteria. The NLR was calculated from the data. Results: The mean NLR level was significantly higher in GDM women (3.00 +/- 0.83 vs. 2.26 +/- 0.43 p < 0.001, respectively). In ROC analysis, NLR > 2.93 had 76.2 % sensitivity and 94.1 % specificity in predicting GDM. Logistic regression analysis showed that elevated NLR (OR: 5.512, 95 % CI: 1.352-22.475, p = 0.017) was an independent variable for predicting GDM in pregnancy. Conclusions: An elevated NLR level is a powerful and independent predictor of GDM. The results of this study suggested that inflammation plays a central role in the pathogenesis of GDM.
Effect of maternal lifestyle intervention on metabolic health and adiposity of offspring: Findings from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL); Aim. - To assess in women at high risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) the effect of a lifestyle intervention on the metabolic health of their offspring around 5 years after delivery. Methods. - For the original Finnish gestational diabetes prevention study (RADIEL), 720 women with a prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) >= 30 kg/m(2) and/or previous GDM were enrolled before or during early pregnancy and allocated to either an interventional (n = 126) or conventional (n = 133) care group. The present 5-year follow-up substudy assessed the metabolic health outcomes of their offspring. Ageand gender-standardized residuals of metabolic health components (waist circumference, mean arterial pressure, high-density lipoprotein and triglyceride levels, and fasting insulin/glucose ratio) were also combined to determine the accumulation of metabolic effects. Body composition was assessed by electrical bioimpedance. Results. - Offspring of women in the intervention group had a less optimal metabolic profile after the 5-year follow-up compared with offspring in the usual care group (P = 0.014). This difference in metabolic health was primarily related to lipid metabolism, and was more prominent among boys (P = 0.001) than girls (P = 0.74). Neither GDM, gestational weight gain, prepregnancy BMI, offspring age nor timing of randomization (before or during pregnancy) could explain the detected difference, which was also more pronounced among the offspring of GDM pregnancies (P= 0.010). Offspring body composition was similar in both groups (P> 0.05). Conclusion. - The lifestyle intervention aimed at GDM prevention was associated with unfavourable metabolic outcomes among offspring at around 5 years of age. (C) 2019 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Prepregnancy low-carbohydrate dietary pattern and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study; Background: Low-carbohydrate diets (LCDs) have been vastly popular for weight loss. The association between a low-carbohydrate dietary pattern and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains unknown. Objective: We aimed to prospectively examine the association of 3 prepregnancy low-carbohydrate dietary patterns with risk of GDM. Design: We included 21,411 singleton pregnancies in the Nurses' Health Study II. Prepregnancy LCD scores were calculated from validated food-frequency questionnaires, including an overall LCD score on the basis of intakes of carbohydrate, total protein, and total fat; an animal LCD score on the basis of intakes of carbohydrate, animal protein, and animal fat; and a vegetable LCD score on the basis of intakes of carbohydrate, vegetable protein, and vegetable fat. A higher score reflected a higher intake of fat and protein and a lower intake of carbohydrate, and it indicated closer adherence to a low-carbohydrate dietary pattern. RRs and 95% CIs were estimated by using generalized estimating equations with log-binomial models. Results: We documented 867 incident GDM pregnancies during 10 y follow-up. Multivariable-adjusted RRs (95% CIs) of GDM for comparisons of highest with lowest quartiles were 1.27 (1.06, 1.51) for the overall LCD score (P-trend = 0.03), 1.36 (1.13, 1.64) for the animal LCD score (P-trend = 0.003), and 0.84 (0.69, 1.03) for the vegetable LCD score (P-trend = 0.08). Associations between LCD scores and GDM risk were not significantly modified by age, parity, family history of diabetes, physical activity, or overweight status. Conclusions: A prepregnancy low-carbohydrate dietary pattern with high protein and fat from animal-food sources is positively associated with GDM risk, whereas a prepregnancy low-carbohydrate dietary pattern with high protein and fat from vegetable food sources is not associated with the risk. Women of reproductive age who follow a low-carbohydrate dietary pattern may consider consuming vegetable rather than animal sources of protein and fat to minimize their risk of GDM.
Elevated blood pressure in pregnant women with gestational diabetes according to the WHO criteria: importance of overweight; Objective: Hypertension before and during early pregnancy has been associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in retrospective analyses. We aimed to investigate the prospective blood pressure trackings in a population-based cohort of pregnant women, who were stratified according to their metabolic status in early third trimester. Methods: We recorded blood pressure longitudinally during pregnancy in 1230 women from the Odense Child Cohort, Denmark. Fasting glucose and insulin were measured at gestational weeks 28-30. Metabolic status was evaluated according to the WHO 2013 threshold for GDM (GDM-WHO: fasting plasma glucose >= 5.1 mmol/l), insulin and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Relationships between metabolic status in third trimester and blood pressure trajectories were evaluated with adjusted linear mixed models. Trajectory was defined as blood pressure records in pregnancy per 4 weeks interval. Results: Prevalence of GDM-WHO was 40% (498/1230). GDM-WHO was associated with 1.46 (0.22-2.70) mmHg higher SBP and 1.04 (0.07-2.01) mmHg higher DBP trajectories in the overall cohort. The associations were driven by differences in the overweight group, with 3.14 (1.05-5.25) mmHg higher SBP and 1.94 (0.42-3.47) mmHg higher DBP per 4 weeks in women with GDM-WHO compared with women without GDM-WHO. GDM-WHO was not associated with blood pressure in women with normal weight. Blood pressure trajectories were elevated across quartiles of insulin resistance. Conclusion: GDM-WHO is associated with higher blood pressure in pregnancy, and there appears to be a stronger effect in overweight women.
Placental lipid transport and content in response to maternal overweight and gestational diabetes mellitus in human term placenta; Background and aims: Placental lipid transport is altered in women with high prepregnancy body mass index (pre-BMI) or gestational diabetes (GDM), which consequently affects foetal growth. However, the interaction of maternal overweight (OW) and GDM on placental lipid metabolism and possible adaptations are less studied. We aimed to examine whether maternal OW or GDM is the main factor disrupting placental lipid processing in human term placenta. Methods and results: A total of 152 lean (18.5 <= pre-BM I <= 23.9 kg/m(2)) and OW (24 <= preBMI <= 27.9 kg/m(2)) pregnant women with or without GDM with a scheduled delivery by caesarean section were recruited. Maternal venous blood samples were used to measure metabolic parameters during pregnancy. Term placentas and cord blood were collected at delivery to determine placental lipid metabolism and foetal circulating lipid levels. Maternal OW signifi-cantly increased the placental mRNA expression of genes involved in lipid metabolism (FAT/ CD36, FATP1, FATP4, FATP6, and PPAR-alpha), elevated placental lipid content (triglyceride, cholesterol), enhanced placental mTORC1-rpS6 and ERK1/2 signalling, increased cord blood insulin levels and birth weight. Neonatal birth weight was positively correlated with maternal preBMI, placental ERK1/2 signalling and cord blood insulin. There was an interaction between OW and GDM in regulating key placental fuel transport and storage gene expression (LPL, FATP6, FABP7, PPAR-alpha, PPAR-beta, PPAR-gamma, IR-beta, GLUT1, SNAT2, SNAT4, and LAT1). Conclusion: Maternal OW mainly affects placental lipid metabolism, which may contribute to foetal overgrowth and may impact long-term offspring health. GDM plays a less significant role in affecting placental lipid transfer and other mechanisms may be involved. (C) 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A comparison in women with newly diagnosed diabetes between those with and without a history of gestational diabetes: a new perspective; AimsPrevious gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) entails increased risk of future diabetes. We describe the characteristics of women with previous GDM and compare with no previous GDM from the cohort Diabetes in Kalmar and Kronoberg (DKK) of 1248 adults, 40% women, with new diabetes, and factors affecting age and C-peptide levels at diagnosis of diabetes.MethodsAge-at-diagnosis of diabetes, BMI, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, smoking, physical activity, and pre-existing myocardial infarction, stroke, or peripheral arterial insufficiency were registered at ordinary care visits close to diagnosis of diabetes, for the 43 women (9.4% of 456 from DKK with complete data for this analysis) with self-reported previous GDM (yes/no) and 86 controls without it, matched for date of diagnosis of diabetes. Blood samples were centrally analyzed for GADA and C-peptide for classification of diabetes.ResultsWomen with previous GDM had lower mean age-at-diagnosis of diabetes, 53.4 vs 65.0 years, lower systolic blood pressure (SBP), 131.2 vs 137.5 mmHg, and fewer had pre-existing hypertension than without previous GDM (p < 0.001-0.05). Among antibody negative women with previous GDM, BMI (p = 0.024), hypertension (p = 0.023) and hyperlipidemia (p < 0.001) were associated with higher levels of C-peptide, while physical activity was inversely associated (p = 0.035), and SBP (p = 0.02) and hypertension (p = 0.016) were associated with age-at-diagnosis of diabetes.ConclusionsWomen with previous GDM were a decade younger and had lower prevalence of hypertension at diagnosis of diabetes; C-peptide levels were associated with BMI, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia and showed a tendency to be lower, possibly indicating a phenotype with higher risk of overt cardiovascular disease later in life.
Mean Platelet Volume in Women with Gestational Diabetes; Purpose: Mean platelet volume (MPV) is an indicator of platelet activation which plays an important role in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. The purpose of this study was to compare MPV values in patients with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM), who have different degrees of carbohydrate intolerance with that in women without pGDM; and to retrospectively analyze MPV in these women during pregnancy. Material and Method: One hundred and five consecutive women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 40 women with negative screening for GDM were studied. Results: There was no statistically significant difference in MPV between women with pGDM and health controls. Although not significant, women with pGDM developing type 2 diabetes had elevated levels of MPV compared to their normoglycemic counterparts (p=0.092). MPV was positively correlated with fasting glucose levels (r=0.215, p=0.009). During pregnancy, the mean platelet volume was significantly higher in women with GDM than in healthy pregnant controls (p<0.05). Discussion: Our results suggest that alterations in MPV levels are associated with diabetic state rather than underlying insulin resistance.
Intrapartum Results on Differing Degrees of Ketonuria in Nulliparous Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus during Spontaneous Labor; To compare intrapartum results associated with differing degrees of ketonuria in nulliparous women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), we implemented a retrospective cohort study comparing clinical characteristics among differing degrees of ketonuria and the duration and distribution of ketonuria at different stages of labor. We also analyzed adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes for each group. A total of 570 GDM deliveries were included; of these, 238 had negative ketonuria (41.8%), 180 had moderate ketonuria (31.6%), and 152 had ketosis (26.6%). The proportion of patients with a family history of diabetes significantly increased as the degree of ketonuria increased (P<0.001). Moreover, a significantly lower level of HOMA-IR (the insulin resistance index) was observed for the Negative group (P<0.001). The triglyceride (TG) level was significantly higher in the Ketosis group (P<0.001), and the total cholesterol (TC) levels significantly increased as the degree of ketonuria progressed (P<0.001). There were also higher maternal blood sugar levels and a significantly higher proportion of oxytocin augmentation in ketonuria cases (P<0.001). Over three-fourths of patients (75.6%) had a ketonuria duration of <= 2 hours in the Moderate group, 61.2% had a ketonuria duration of between 3 and 4 h in the Ketosis group, and most of the ketonuria cases resolved in the first stage of labor. As the degree of ketonuria progressed, we observed a significantly higher number of cases with fetal heart rate pattern III (FHR pattern III), meconium-stained amniotic fluid III (MSAF III), postpartum hemorrhages, prolonged labor, neonatal hypoglycemia, an umbilical cord arterial pH of <7.2, low Apgar scores, increased neonatal intensive care admissions, augmented forceps-assisted deliveries, and conversions to cesarean sections. The results showed that ketonuria is common during the intrapartum period and that the risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes may increase when complicated with ketonuria.
Is a History of Gestational Diabetes Related to Risk Factors for Coronary Heart Disease?; Coronary heart disease (CHD) risk in 20 non-diabetic women with and 20 without a distant history of gestational diabetes (hGDM), matched on age, body mass index, and time since GDM-affected Pregnancy, was compared in a case control study. Women with an hGDM had lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), p=.02, and higher triglycerides, p <= .001, versus controls. The combination of high triglycerides and low HDLc occurred in 25% of hGDM cases versus 0% of controls, p <= .01. Two-hour post-load glucose indicated that 45% of hGDM cases were pre-diabetic versus 20% of controls, p <= .05. Non-diabetic women with a distant hGDM are at increased risk for DM and may be at increased risk for CHD. (C) 2009 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. Res Nurs Health 32:298-306, 2009
Pharmacological intervention for diabetes after pregnancy prevention in women with prior gestational diabetes: A scoping review; Women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of developing diabetes after pregnancy (DAP), especially 5-10 years postpartum. Two well-known diabetes prevention trials demonstrated a significant reduction in DAP incidence using metformin and troglitazone; however, since their publication, several novel classes of anti-hyperglycemic agents have emerged. This review aimed to conduct a systematic literature search for new evidence in support of pharmacotherapy in DAP prevention and to analyze the results based on special considerations for women of reproductive potential. The only studies whose primary outcome was DAP incidence were those examining metformin, the thiazolidinediones troglitazone and pioglitazone, and the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor vildagliptin. Metformin was effective in DAP reduction and was well tolerated, but participants were on average 12 years beyond their GDM pregnancy. Troglitazone was also shown to prevent DAP, but was withdrawn from the market due to hepatotoxicity. There was no comparator arm in the pioglitazone study, which limits its interpretability. The vildagliptin study was underpowered. There are ongoing trials with glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists and sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors, but none with diabetes incidence as a primary outcome. This review highlights the limited evidence base for pharmacological prevention of DAP. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Cell Type- and Sex-Specific Dysregulation of Thyroid Hormone Receptors in Placentas in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Thyroid hormones are essential for development of trophoblasts and the fetus. They also regulate a wide range of metabolic processes. We investigated the influence of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on thyroid hormone receptor (THR) isoforms THR alpha 1, THR alpha 2, THR beta 1 and THR beta 2 of the human placenta in a sex- and cell-type specific manner. Term placental tissue was obtained from women with (n = 40) or without GDM (control; n = 40). THRs levels were measured by semi-quantitative immunohistochemistry and real-time qRT-PCR. We localized THR immunostaining in syncytiotrophoblast (SCT), which was the tissue with the strongest signal. Double immunofluorescence identified THR in decidual cells in the stroma and in extravillous cytotrophoblasts. GDM did not change THR alpha 1 immunolabelling intensity in decidua, but was associated with a stronger immunolabelling in SCT compared to GDM (p < 0.05). The SCT difference of GDM vs. control was strongest (p < 0.01) in female placentas. THR alpha 2 was only weakly present and immunolabelling was weaker (p < 0.05) in SCT of only male GDM placentas in comparison to male controls. THR beta 1/beta 2 immunostaining was weak in all cell types without changes in GDM. However, more THR beta 1/2 protein was present (p < 0.001) in male than female placentas. All these protein changes were paralleled by changes of THR transcript levels. The data show that THR are expressed in term trophoblast in relation to fetal sex. Maternal GDM influences predominantly THR alpha 1 in SCT, with the strongest GDM effect in SCT of female placentas.
Long-term risk of diabetes in women at varying durations after gestational diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis with more than 2 million women; This study aims to investigate the impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the long-term risks of diabetes in women with prior GDM, including the effect at different time periods after GDM. We searched PubMed and other databases to retrieve articles which were published prior to February 28, 2017. Cohort studies which evaluated the risk and time of onset of diabetes postpartum in women with and without GDM were included. Meta-analysis with random effects models was used to obtain pooled relative risks and 95% confidence intervals for the risk of diabetes. Subgroup analyses were performed to check for different effect sizes as well as consistency across groups. Multivariable logistic regression was used to adjust for confounders. Thirty cohort studies with 2,626,905 pregnant women were included. Women with prior GDM had 7.76-fold (95% confidence intervals: 5.10-11.81) unadjusted pooled risk of diabetes as compared with women without GDM, whilst the adjusted risk was 17.92-fold (16.96-18.94). The adjusted ORs of GDM for diabetes among women at <3, >= 3 - <6 and >= 6 - <10 years after GDM were 5.37 (3.51-9.34), 16.55 (16.08-17.04) and 8.20 (4.53-14.86), respectively. Women with prior GDM had substantially increased risk of diabetes, with the risk highest during the 3-6 years after GDM.
Hepatic fat and glucose tolerance in women with recent gestational diabetes; Objective Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an elevated risk of ultimately developing pre-diabetes and diabetes later in life. They also have an increased prevalence of fatty liver, but recent studies have reported conflicting findings on whether hepatic fat affects their risk of pre-diabetes/diabetes. Thus, we sought to evaluate the associations of liver fat with glucose homeostasis and determinants thereof in women with and without recent gestational dysglycemia. Methods Two hundred and fifty-seven women underwent an antepartum oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), which diagnosed 97 with GDM, 40 with gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT), and 120 with normal glucose tolerance (NGT). At a mean of 4.8 years post partum, they underwent an OGTT (which revealed that 52 had progressed to pre-diabetes/diabetes) and hepatic ultrasound, on which liver fat was graded as none (n=164), mild (n=66), or moderate (n=27). Results Liver fat was more prevalent in women with previous GDM than in those with GIGT or NGT (p=0.009) and in women with current pre-diabetes/diabetes than in those without (p=0.0003). As the severity of liver fat increased, there was a progressive worsening of insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function, coupled with rising fasting and 2-hour glucose (all p<0.0001). On multiple linear regression analyses, moderate liver fat was independently associated with lower insulin sensitivity (p=0.0002) and higher 2-hour glucose (p=0.009). Moreover, moderate liver fat emerged as an independent predictor of pre-diabetes/diabetes (OR=3.66, 95% CI 1.1 to 12.5). Conclusion The higher prevalence of liver fat in women with previous GDM is associated with their increased risk of pre-diabetes/diabetes.
Lipoprotein metabolism and vascular complications in pregnancy; Human pregnancy is characterized by striking changes in maternal metabolism and body composition in order to provide sufficient energy and nutrients to the developing fetus. There are marked increases in plasma lipid concentrations as gestation advances, with plasma cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations rising typically by 25-50% and 200-400%, respectively. These changes are due to the combined effect of increased adipose tissue lipolysis in late pregnancy and maternal hormonal changes. Essential fatty acids and cholesterol are transported to the fetus via the placenta. In women with additional metabolic stress, such as those with gestational diabetes mellitus and obesity, there are alterations in lipid and lipoprotein metabolism consistent with increased insulin resistance. In pre-eclampsia, there is an exaggerated early rise in plasma triglycerides and free fatty acid concentrations in combination with an increase in the proportion of small dense LDL and a lesser rise in HDL-C, changes that may contribute to the pathogenesis of the maternal syndrome. Adverse pregnancy outcomes including pre-eclampsia are associated with a modestly increased risk in later life of cardiovascular disease in the mother, whereas gestational diabetes is associated with a marked increased risk for future diabetes. Future studies should address to what extent maternal lipid changes in the above complications influence programming of the future health of offspring.
Neonatal outcomes among offspring of obese women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus in early versus late pregnancy; Background Maternal metabolic derangements associated with early pregnancy gestational diabetes may affect the fetus differently compared with gestational diabetes diagnosed later in pregnancy. The aim of this observational study was to assess neonatal outcomes according to timing of gestational diabetes diagnosis in obese women. Methods Women >= 18 years of age with a pre-pregnancy body mass index >= 30 kg/m(2) were grouped according to the results of a 75 g 2-h oral glucose tolerance test performed at 13.1 weeks of gestation and repeated at 23.4 weeks if normal at first testing. The main outcomes were birthweight and large for gestational age. Results Out of 361 women, 164 (45.4%) were diagnosed with gestational diabetes, 133 (81.1%) of them in early pregnancy. The mean offspring birthweight was 3673 g (standard deviation (SD) 589 g) in the early and 3710 g (SD 552 g) in the late gestational diabetes group. In a multivariate logit model, the odds ratio for large for gestational age was 2.01 (95% CI: 0.39-10.39) in early compared with late gestational diabetes. Conclusions We observed no statistically significant differences in neonatal outcomes according to timing of gestational diabetes diagnosis. In addition to lack of power, early treatment of hyperglycemia may partly explain the results.
Fatty acid-binding protein 4 predicts gestational hypertension and preeclampsia in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective Fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) has been proposed to be a potential predictive factor of gestational hypertension or preeclampsia (GH/PE) because of its integrating metabolic and inflammatory responses. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are more likely to develop both GH/PE, than the normal population. The aim of our study was to examine the relationship between plasma FABP4 in the second trimester of pregnancy and the risk of GH/PE in women with GDM. Methods This was a nested case-control study conducted within a large on-going prospective cohort study conducted at Peking University First Hospital. A total of 1344 women, who were diagnosed with GDM, according to a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test, participated in the GDM One-Day Clinic at Peking University First Hospital from February 24, 2016 to February 9, 2017. Of the 748 GDM women who agreed to the blood sample collection, 637 were followed until their delivery. The cases included GDM patients who developed gestational hypertension or preeclampsia (GDM-GH/PE group, n = 41). Another 41 matched GDM women without major complications were selected as the control group (GDM group). Results The incidence of GH/PE was 6.44% and 3.30% for preeclampsia. The level of the second trimester plasma FABP4 in the GDM-GH/PE group was significantly higher than the GDM group (17.53 +/- 11.35 vs. 12.79 +/- 6.04 ng/ml, P = 0.020). The AUC ROC for the second trimester plasma FABP4 predicted GH/PE in the GDM patients alone was 0.647 (95% CI 0.529-0.766). Multivariate analysis showed that the elevated second trimester FABP4 level was independently associated with GH/PE in the GDM patients (OR 1.136 [95% CI 1.003-1.286], P = 0.045). Conclusions Increased second trimester plasma FABP4 independently predicted GH/PE in GDM patients.
Disorders in Glucidic Metabolism and Congenital Heart Diseases: Detection and Prevention; The identification of gestational diabetes (GDM) through appropriate screening and its subsequent treatment have not been demonstrated to limit neonatal malformations to date. This study aimed to detect congenital heart diseases in newborns of mothers with GDM by evaluating the existence of a correlation with maternal glycemic control. This observational prospective study investigated newborns of mothers with GDM enrolled during a period of 9 months. Four subgroups were considered according to the type of maternal glucidic alteration during pregnancy and the home treatment: impaired glucose tolerance, insulin-dependent gestational diabetes mellitus (IDDM), non-insulin-dependent gestational diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and gestational diabetes not controlled (NC: untreated diabetes). Student's t test was used to compare the subgroups. The study enrolled 65 newborns (30 boys) born to 82 of mothers with impaired glucidic metabolism. Patent ductus arteriosus was observed in 11 patients (16.9 %), pulmonary stenosis of mild grade in 4 patients ( 6.2 %), and hypertrophy of the ventricular septum in 22 patients (33.8 %). A total of 14 patients had increased thickness in the left ventricle posterior wall, and 17 patients had an abnormal electrocardiogram. Hyperglycemia can influence the development of the fetal heart, affecting both its structure and its function. A treatment with insulin for women with GDM is supported by the study data.
Genome-wide polygenic risk scores for hypertensive disease during pregnancy can also predict the risk for long-term cardiovascular disease; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders during pregnancy are associated with the risk of long-term cardiovascular disease after pregnancy, but it has not yet been determined whether genetic predisposition for hypertensive disorders during pregnancy can predict the risk for long-term cardiovascular disease. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate the risk for long-term atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease according to polygenic risk scores for hypertensive disorders during pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: Among UK Biobank participants, we included European-descent women (n1/4164,575) with at least 1 live birth. Participants were divided according to genetic risk categorized by polygenic risk scores for hypertensive disorders during pregnancy (low risk, score <= 25th percentile; medium risk, score 25th similar to 75th percentile; high risk, score >75th percentile), and were evaluated for incident atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, defined as the new occurrence of one of the following: coronary artery disease, myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, or peripheral artery disease. RESULTS: Among the study population, 2427 ( 1.5%) had a history of hypertensive disorders during pregnancy, and 8942 (5. 6%) developed incident atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease after enrollment. Women with high genetic risk for hypertensive disorders during pregnancy had a higher prevalence of hypertension at enrollment. After enrollment, women with high genetic risk for hypertensive disorders during pregnancy had an increased risk for incident atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, including coronary artery disease, myocardial infarction, and peripheral artery disease, compared with those with low genetic risk, even after adjustment for history of hypertensive disorders during pregnancy. CONCLUSION: High genetic risk for hypertensive disorders during pregnancy was associated with increased risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. This study provides evidence on the informative value of polygenic risk scores for hypertensive disorders during pregnancy in prediction of long-term cardiovascular outcomes later in life.
Are Preeclampsia and Adverse Obstetrical Outcomes Predictors of Cardiovascular Disease? A Case-Control Study of Women With Heart Disease; Objective: This study sought to determine whether preeclampsia; gestational diabetes; and adverse obstetrical outcomes such as placental abruption, intrauterine growth restriction, and preterm delivery are independent risk factors for cardiovascular disease later in life. Methods: This was a retrospective, age-matched, case-control study that surveyed 244 cases (women with confirmed coronary artery disease) and 246 controls (women who did not have coronary artery disease) on their obstetrical history and outcomes, as well as traditional cardiovascular risk factors. Analyses were performed using SAS software version 9.1.3. (Canadian Task Force Classification II-2). Results: Women with coronary artery disease had significantly higher rates of maternal complications such as gestational hypertension (odds ratio [OR] 3.34; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.03-10.9), as well as conventional vascular risk factors such as dyslipidemia (OR 5.38; 95% CI 2.70-10.7), hypertension (OR 2.40; 95% CI 1.23-4.70), diabetes (OR 2.32; 95% CI 1.07-5.01), and smoking (current smoker: OR; 4.82 95% CI 1.66-14.00; former smoker: OR 2.86; 95% CI 1.43-5.71). There were more cases with preeclampsia (9.8%, vs. 5.4% in controls); however, the difference was not statistically significant. Conclusion: Among the adverse maternal conditions, there was more gestational hypertension in women with coronary artery disease. In this study, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were the most important maternal risk factors for cardiovascular disease later in life and should be flagged early for close monitoring and/or intervention.
The Effectiveness of Regular Exercise Programs in the Prevention of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-A Systematic Review; Importance: Physical activity is recognized as one of the most important tools in the management of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Objective: The aim of this review was to compare and analyze regular prenatal exercise programs and examine their effectiveness in the prevention of GDM. Evidence Acquisition: The following databases were used: Academic Search Complete, Health SourceConsumer Edition, Health Source-Nursing/Academic Edition, Master File Premier, MEDLINE, and SportDiscus with full text. The inclusion criteria were as follows: a randomized study, regular training program throughout pregnancy, and supervised by a prenatal activity specialist. Results: The 10 articles selected for the review were divided into 2 groups. The first group comprised 2 studies presenting successful interventions in the prevention of GDM, whereas the second group included 8 articles with no statistically significant effects of the training programs in GDM prevention. Beginning an exercise program at early stages of the pregnancy and high adherence were common features of the effective programs. Conclusions: When designing and carrying out the program, the beginning of the intervention and adherence should be considered. To increase adherence, the program should be attractive and it should meet the participants' needs. Relevance: This review might be used for identifying factors deciding whether an exercise program is an effective intervention to prevent the development of GDM. Moreover, it might also prove useful in the preparation of future guidelines for designing and implementing regular exercise programs effective in preventing GDM in pregnant women by gynecologists, obstetricians, midwives, trainers, and prenatal specialists. Target Audience: Obstetricians and gynecologists, family physicians. Learning Objectives: After participating in this activity, physicians should be better able to compare and analyze regular prenatal exercise programs; identify the most effective exercise programs in the prevention of GDM; distinguish factors decisive in gravid participants' involvement in regular physical activity sessions; and prepare for preparation of the future guidelines regarding regular exercise programs effective in preventing GDM.
Gestational Diabetes Importance of Follow-up Screening for the Benefit of Long-term Health; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common obstetric metabolic disorder. Long-term health consequences, including type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease, are common with GDM. Postpartum glucose screening is recommended for women with a prior GDM pregnancy. Rates of postpartum screening compliance remain low. Interventions ranging from appointment reminder systems to personalized chronic disease education are being used, emphasizing future chronic disease risk for patients with a history of GDM. With these practice changes, clinicians can more thoroughly engage in the early identification, intervention, and prevention of chronic disease for women with a history of GDM.
Excessive fruit consumption during the second trimester is associated with increased likelihood of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective study; This study aimed to investigate the association between fruit consumption during the second trimester and the occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). A prospective study with 772 female participants was conducted in China from April 2013 to August 2014. Dietary intake was assessed in face-to-face and telephone interviews using a 3-day food record. GDM was ascertained using a standard 75 g 2 hour oral glucose tolerance test. Multivariable logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) after adjustment for various confounders. Of the 772 participants, 169 were diagnosed with GDM during the period under study. Greater total fruit consumption during the second trimester was associated with a higher likelihood of GDM (highest vs. lowest quartile: adjusted OR4.82, 95% CI 2.38 to 9.76). Fruits with a moderate or high glycaemic index (GI) were positively associated with the occurrence of GDM. Fruit subgroups were also categorised by polyphenol content, and tropical-fruit and citrus-fruit consumption was found to be positively related to the occurrence of GDM. These findings suggest that the excessive consumption of fruit, especially fruit with moderate or high GI values, tropical-fruit and citrus-fruit, increases the likelihood of GDM.
Early Subclinical Atherosclerosis in Gestational Diabetes: The Predictive Role of Routine Biomarkers and Nutrigenetic Variants; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can be considered a silent risk for out-of-pregnancy diabetes mellitus (DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. We aimed to assess the predictive role of 3(rd) trimester lipid profile during pregnancy for the susceptibility to markers of subclinical atherosclerosis (CVD susceptibility) at 3 years in a cohort of women with history of GDM. A secondary aim is to evaluate the usefulness of novel nutrigenetic markers, in addition to traditional parameters, for predicting early subclinical atherosclerosis in such women in order to plan adequate early prevention interventions. We assessed 28 consecutive GDM women in whom we collected socio-demographic characteristics and clinical and anthropometric parameters at the 3(rd) trimester of pregnancy. In a single blood sample, from each patient, we assessed 9 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) from 9 genes related to nutrients and metabolism, which were genotyped by High Resolution Melting analysis. All women then attended a 3-year-postpartum follow-up and on that occasion performed an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT, with 75g oral glucose), the measurement of carotid artery intima-media thickness (cIMT), and analyses of metabolic parameters. In addition, we evaluated the physical activity level and the adherence to Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) using the International Physical Activity Questionnaire (IPAQ-short version) and PREDIMED questionnaires. We found an association between 3(rd) trimester triglycerides and cIMT (p=0.014). We also found significant associations between the APOA5 CC genotype and cIMT after adjustments for age and body mass index (p=0.045) and between the interaction CC APOA5/CC LDLR and cIMT (p=0.010). At the follow-up, the cohort also featured a mean BMI in the overweight range and a high mean waist circumference. We found no difference in the MedDiet adherence, physical activity, and smoking but an inverse correlation between the PREDIMED and the IPAQ scores with the IMT. In conclusion, this preliminary study provides insight into the predictive role of lipid profile during pregnancy and of some genetic variants on cIMT taken as a parameter of subclinical CVD susceptibility in GDM.
Cardiac Malformations in Fetuses of Gestational and Pre Gestational Diabetic Mothers; Objective: In this study we aimed to determine the prevalence of cardiac malformations in fetuses of Iranian diabetic mothers with pre-gestational and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to find the patterns of different cardiac malformations. Methods: One-hundred and seventy diabetic pregnant women (68 preGDM and 102 GDM) (mean age: 32.17 +/- 4.8 years) and 85 healthy controls (mean age: 31.35 +/- 4.55 years) were recruited from September 2008 to July 2012. Fetal echocardiography was performed to assess cardiac malformation. In order to study major factors that may affect the results, a complete history was obtained. Findings: Fetal echocardiography was performed at mean gestational age of 24.7 +/- 5.4 and 20.27 +/- 3.9 weeks in diabetic patients and control group, respectively. Fifteen (8.8%) fetuses of diabetic mothers were detected to have cardiac malformations compared with 1 (1.17%) fetus in control group (OR: 8.13, 95% CI: 1.1-62.61, P-value=0.02). Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy noted as the most common cardiac malformation occurred in 6 out of 15 (40%) fetuses, and was found significantly more common in pre-GDM compared to GDM group (7.4% vs 1%, P-value =0.04). Despite the higher incidence of cardiac malformation in pre-GDM compared to GDM group, the difference was not significant. Further, no significant association was observed between the variables including; parity, diabetic regimen, parents' consanguinity, maternal history of hypertension or hypothyroidism and occurring cardiac malformations (P-value >0.05). Conclusion: In this study we detected cardiac malformations in 8.8% of our diabetic referrals. The result of the present study shows that screening diabetic mothers for fetal cardiac malformations could be beneficial.
Greater Nutritional Risk Scores in 2-Year-Old Children Exposed to Gestational Diabetes Mellitus In Utero and Their Relationship to Homeostasis Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance at Age 5 Years; Objectives: Exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in utero may impact nutritional intake and lifestyle habits in early childhood. However, it is unclear whether nutritional status predicts greater risk for metabolic disturbances, such as insulin resistance (IR). The primary objectives were: 1) to determine parent-reported nutritional risk scores in 2-year-old children born to women with and without GDM and 2) to assess whether these scores predict IR in 5-year-old children. Methods: Children exposed (n=34) and unexposed (n=46) to GDM were screened at 2 years of age using the Toddler version of the Nutrition Screening Tool for Every Preschooler (NutriSTEP). At a 5-year follow up, IR was assessed using the Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR). Results: Total NutriSTEP scores ranged from 6 to 33, with higher scores indicating greater risk. After controlling for infant birthweight, sex of the child, child ethnicity, maternal age at time of pregnancy, breastfeeding status and maternal prepregnancy body mass index, average NutriSTEP scores were higher in children exposed to GDM compared with those unexposed (13.8 +/- 1.1 vs 11.2 +/- 1.1, p=0.03). NutriSTEP scores at 2 years emerged as a positive independent predictor of HOMA-IR at 5 years. For each unit increase in NutriSTEP score, suggesting greater nutritional risk, we saw a 0.48 (95% confidence interval, 0.17 to 0.80; p=0.003) increase in score on the HOMA-IR. Conclusions: Parent-reported nutritional risk is greater in GDM-exposed children, and these nutritional behaviours developed during the first years of life may predispose to metabolic disturbance in early childhood. (C) 2020 Canadian Diabetes Association.
Role of ultrasonographic measurement of the fetal epicardial fat pad and cardiac interventricular septal thickness in predicting the outcome and prevent various complications of gestational diabetes mellitus; BackgroundGestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common medical conditions affecting pregnancy and increasing the risk for maternal and perinatal complications. The present study aimed at determining the role of ultrasonographic measurement of fetal epicardial fat pad thickness (f EFT) and fetal cardiac interventricular septal thickness (f IVST) at 24-32 weeks of gestation in the prediction of GDM.ResultsA prospective observational case-control study was conducted including a total of 35 GDM patients and 35 normal pregnancies who were subjected to ultrasonographic measurement of the f EFT and f IVST at 24-32 weeks of gestation. Statistical analysis and the receiver operating characteristic curves were used to find out the cutoff value, sensitivity, specificity and diagnostic accuracy of these two parameters for the prediction of GDM. When an f EFT value of 1.3 was accepted as a cutoff value, GDM could be predicted with a sensitivity of 68.6% and specificity of 91.4%, PPV of 88.9%, NPV of 74.4% and diagnostic accuracy of 80%. When an f IVST value of 2.6 was accepted as a cutoff value, GDM could be predicted with a sensitivity of 80%, specificity of 77.14%, PPV of 77.8%, NPV of 79.4% and diagnostic accuracy of 78.5%.ConclusionThe ultrasonographic measurements of fetal epicardial fat pad thickness and fetal cardiac interventricular septal thickness were statistically significantly higher in GDM pregnancies (p value < 0.0001) as compared to the controls. Thus, these two parameters can serve as excellent ultrasonographic markers in the prediction of GDM.
Sex Differences in Young Adults Who Experience Myocardial Infarction; Purpose of review The purpose of this review is to highlight sex differences in presentation, underlying mechanisms, treatment, and outcomes in young adults with myocardial infarction (MI). Recent findings In addition to traditional plaque rupture and plaque erosion, MI in young women can be caused by spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD), MI with nonobstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA), and type 2 MI. MINOCA is more common in young women compared with young men, has a different epidemiology, and is associated with non-traditional cardiovascular risk factors. Additionally, pregnancy-associated conditions (specifically pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth) and premature menopause are increasingly associated with adverse cardiovascular outcomes in young women and should be incorporated into risk assessments. Young women, when compared with young men, are more likely to have delays in the recognition and treatment of acute coronary syndrome, and are less likely to undergo timely coronary angiography and reperfusion. Additionally, rates of the use of guideline-directed medical therapy post-MI are lower for young women when compared with young men. Mechanisms of MI in young women include plaque rupture and erosion, as well as SCAD. Improving prompt recognition of acute coronary syndrome in women and closing the gap between women and men in peri- and post-MI care are key to improve outcomes in young women.
Obesity, gestational diabetes and pregnancy outcome; The prevalence of both obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is rising worldwide. The complications of diabetes affecting the mother and fetus are well known. Maternal complications include preterm labor, pre-eclampsia, nephropathy, birth trauma, cesarean section, and postoperative wound complications, among others. Fetal complications include fetal wastage from early pregnancy loss or congenital anomalies, macrosomia, shoulder dystocia, stillbirth, growth restriction, and hypoglycemia, among others. The presence of obesity among diabetic patients compounds these complications. The above-mentioned short-term complications can be mediated by achieving the desired level of glycemic control during pregnancy. However, GDM during pregnancy is associated with increased risk of early obesity, type 2 diabetes during adolescence and the development of metabolic syndrome in early childhood. Additionally, GDM is a marker for the development of overt type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome for the mother in the early future. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cardiac changes in infants of diabetic mothers; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a systemic chronic metabolic disorder characterized by increased insulin resistance and/or beta- cell defects. It affects all ages from the foetal life, neonates, childhood to late adulthood. Gestational diabetes is a critical risk factor for congenital heart diseases (CHDs). Moreover, the risk increases with low maternal education, high body mass index at conception, undiagnosed pre-gestational diabetes, inadequate antenatal care, improper diabetes control, and maternal smoking during pregnancy. Maternal DM significantly affects the foetal heart and foetal-placental circulation in both structure and function. Cardiac defects, myocardial hypertrophy are three times more prevalent in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Antenatal evaluation of the cardiac function and structures can be performed with foetal electrocardiography and echocardiography. Postnatal cardiac evaluation can be performed with natal and postnatal electrocardiography and echocardiography, detection of early atherosclerotic changes by measuring aortic intima-media thickness, and retinal vascular changes by retinal photography. Ameliorating the effects of diabetes during pregnancy on the offspring depends mainly on pregestational and gestational diabetes prevention. However, other measures to reduce the risk, such as using medications, nutritional supplements, or probiotics, still need more research. This review discusses the mechanism of foetal sequels and the risk factors that increase the prevalence of CHDs in gestational DM, the various cardiac outcomes of gestational DM on the foetus and offspring, cardiac evaluation of foetuses and IDMs, and how to alleviate the consequences of gestational DM on the offspring.</p>
Does Gestational Diabetes History Increase Epicardial Fat and Carotid Intima Media Thickness?; BackgroundGestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance that has begun during pregnancy. Recent studies have proven that development of atherosclerosis may be established in this population even without presence of type 2 diabetes. For assessment of atherosclerosis, epicardial fat thickness (EFT) is recently being used as a surrogate marker. In this study, we aimed to prove that women with GDM history are more inclined to have higher EFT levels than women without GDM history. MethodsSixty-two patients with previous GDM and 33 age- and sex-matched controls were allocated. Epicardial fat thicknesses of the subjects were measured with transthorasic echocardiography and carotid intima media thickness (c-IMT) was measured with ultrasound. Insulin resistance (IR) of each subject was assessed with Homeostasis model of assessmentinsulin resistance (HOMA-IR). ResultsCarotid IMT and EFT were significantly higher in previous GDM group than controls. Serum gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), uric acid, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels were also found significantly higher in the patients with previous GDM as compared to the controls. We observed that carotid IMT (=310, P=0.003), total cholesterol (=315, P=0.002), BMI (=308, P=0.002), HbA1c (=227, P=0.018), and HOMA-IR (=184, P=0.049) were independently correlated with EFT. ConclusionsAlthough the number of patients included in this study is limited, high EFT results may indicate presence of atherosclerosis in women with previous GDM.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorder of pregnancy play as spouse-pair risk factors of diabetes and hypertension: Insights from Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study; Background: Complicated pregnancies by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) are relatively common worldwide. The evidence is still inconclusive regarding the role of GDM and HDP as spousal risk factor of diabetes (DM) and hypertension (HTN). This study aimed to determine the spousal risk of development of DM and/or HTN in the context of GDM and/or HDP. Methods: This population-based cohort study involved couples who participated in Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study. A total of 3650 pairs of spouses were identified, and among them, 2820 met the inclusion criteria. Included participants, followed up 3-year intervals visits from 1999 to 2018. All pairs underwent standard data collection. GDM and HDP were the main exposure of interest in females, and DM and HTN were the main outcomes in both females and their spouses. Cox proportional hazard regression models were used for both females and their spouses, adjusting for age, consanguinity, waist-to-height ratio, physical activity, smoking, and parity. Results: Of 2820 females, 558 (19.79 %) had histories of GDM or HDP, and 72 (2.55 %) experienced both. Among females who experienced GDM and HDP, 24 (33 %) and 31 (33 %) developed DM and HTN during the follow-up. The corresponding numbers were 89 (16 %) and 191 (34 %) for those who experienced GDM or HPD, and 274 (13 %) and 623 (28 %) for the non-risk factors group. The incidences of DM were 9 (12 %), 100 (18 %), and 373 (17 %) for males whose spouses experienced both GDM and HDP, either one or none of them, respectively. Among males in these groups, 20 (28 %), 150 (27 %), and 630 (29 %) developed HTN, respectively. Females who never had history of GDM and HDP have 34 % (95 % CI: 21, 45) less hazard of being diabetic than their spouses if they have the same age and waist to hip ratio. In cases with histories of both GDM and HDP, the risk of females increases to 3.05 (95 % CI: 1.43, 6.52) times of their spouses. Also, females who had experienced GDM (HR: 3.51, 95 % CI: 2.23, 5.53), or HDP (HR: 2.80, 95 % CI: 1.72, 4.56) were at higher risk of developing DM compared with females who never had GDM or HDP. We found that females with neither GDM nor HDP were more likely than males to be hypertensive in the future by the hazard ratio of 1.21 (95 % CI: 1.06, 1.39). Conclusions: Complicated pregnancies by GDM and/or HDP were associated with increased risk of development DM and HTN in later life of females and their spouses. Further studies are required to confirm these results. Preventive care programs should be considered pregnancy complications as couple-based risk factors for subsequent DM and HTN.
Pregnancy Complications Are Associated with Premature Coronary Artery Disease: Linking Three Cohorts; Background: There is increasing evidence that women who experience placenta-mediated pregnancy complications and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at higher risk for the development of coronary artery disease (CAD) later in life. We hypothesized that there is an association between placenta-mediated pregnancy complications, GDM, and risk of premature CAD (PCAD).Methods: This research project involved a data linkage approach merging three databases of South Australian cohorts by using a retrospective, age-matched case-control study design. Cases (n = 721) were ascertained from the Coronary Angiogram Database of South Australia (CADOSA). Women <60 years from CADOSA were linked to South Australian Perinatal Statistics Collection (SAPSC) to ascertain their prior pregnancy outcomes. Controls (n = 194) were selected from North West Adelaide Health Study (NWAHS) and comprised women who were healthy or had other health conditions unrelated to CAD, age-matched to CADOSA (+/- 5 years), and linked to SAPSC to determine their pregnancy outcomes. PCAD was defined as >50% stenosis in one or more coronary arteries at coronary angiography.Results: Compared with women without a history of PCAD, women who were diagnosed with PCAD were more likely to have experienced the placenta-mediated pregnancy complications of preterm birth (adjusted odds ratio [OR] = 2.46, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.21-5.00) or low-birth weight (adjusted OR = 2.44, 95% CI: 1.22-4.88), or have been diagnosed with active asthma during pregnancy (adjusted OR = 3.52, 95% CI: 1.05-11.76).Conclusion: Placenta-mediated pregnancy complications should be recognized as clear risk markers for future PCAD.
Season of delivery and risk of venous thromboembolism during hospitalization among pregnant women; BackgroundSeasons were found to be related to the occurrences of venous thromboembolism (VTE) in hospitalized patients. No previous study has explored whether seasons were associated with VTE risk in pregnant women. This study aimed to investigate the relationships between the season of delivery and VTE risk during hospitalization among pregnant women.MethodsThis is a multi-center retrospective cohort study of pregnant women. Participants were those who delivered at seven designated sites in Hubei Province, China, during the period from January 2017 to December 2022. They were categorized according to their season/month of delivery. Information on new-onset VTE during hospitalization was followed.ResultsApproximately 0.28% (104/37,778) of the pregnant women developed new-onset VTE during hospitalization for delivery. After adjustment, compared with participants in the spring group, participants in the summer, autumn, and winter groups had an increased risk of VTE during hospitalization. The ORs were 2.59 [1.30, 5.15], 2.83 [1.43, 5.60], and 2.35 [1.17, 4.75] for the summer, autumn, and winter groups, respectively. Pregnant women in the combined group (summer + autumn + winter) had an increased risk of VTE during hospitalization than those in the spring group (OR, 2.59 [1.39, 4.85]). By restricting the analyses among pregnant women without in vitro fertilization, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preterm, the results still remained robust. Compared with participants who delivered in March, April, and May, participants who delivered in June, July, September, November, December, and February had a higher risk of VTE during hospitalization.ConclusionThis study demonstrated that pregnant women who delivered in summer, autumn, and winter had an increased VTE risk during hospitalization compared with those who delivered in spring.
Pregnancy-Related Complications and Incidence of Atrial Fibrillation: A Systematic Review; Pregnancy-related complications are associated with a higher risk of various incident cardiovascular diseases, but their specific potential relationship with incident atrial fibrillation (AF) is less clear. This systematic review summarises the available evidence from observational studies which have examined associations between pregnancy-related complications and the risk of AF. MEDLINE and EMBASE (Ovid) were searched for studies between 1990 to 10 February 2022. Pregnancy-related complications examined included hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes, placental abruption, preterm birth, small-for-gestational-age and stillbirth. Study selection, data extraction and quality assessment were completed independently by two reviewers. Narrative synthesis was used to evaluate the results of the included studies. Nine observational studies were included, with eight eligible for narrative synthesis. Sample sizes ranged from 1839 to 2,359,386. Median follow-up ranged from 2 to 36 years. Six studies reported that pregnancy-related complications were associated with a significantly increased risk of incident AF. Hazard ratios (HRs) (95% confidence intervals) for the four studies that evaluated HDP ranged from 1.1 (0.8-1.6) to 1.9 (1.4-2.7). For the four studies that evaluated pre-eclampsia, HRs ranged from 1.2 (0.9-1.6) to 1.9 (1.7-2.2). Current evidence from observational studies suggests pregnancy-related complications are associated with a significantly higher risk of incident AF. However, only a small number of studies examining each pregnancy-related complication were identified, and considerable statistical heterogeneity was observed. Further large-scale prospective studies are required to confirm the association between pregnancy-related complications and incident AF.
Incidence and risk patterns of venous thromboembolism in pregnancy and puerperium - a register-based case-control study; OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to estimate the incidence of venous thromboembolism in pregnancy and puerperium and to identify risk factors for pregnancy-related venous thromboembolism. STUDY DESIGN: A register-based case-control study with 613,232 pregnancies from 1990-2003 in 11 Norwegian counties. Medical records for eligible cases were revisited and relevant medical data were transferred to a specific case-report form. The diagnosis of venous thromboembolism was based on strict criteria. Data were analyzed by chi(2) test and forward stepwise logistic regression. RESULTS: In total, 615 cases were detected. The incidence of venous thromboembolism was 1 per 1000 pregnancies. The ante-and postnatal incidences were quite similar. Antenatal risk factors were assisted reproduction, gestational diabetes, age older than 35 years, multiple pregnancies, and primi-parity. Postnatal risk factors were cesarean section, preeclampsia, assisted reproduction, abruptio placenta, and placenta previa. CONCLUSION: We found different ante- and postnatal risk patterns. Assisted reproduction and gestational diabetes were significant antenatal risk factors; whereas cesarean section and preeclampsia were strong postnatal risk factors.
Association of DNA Methylation with Infant Birth Weight in Women with Gestational Diabetes; Offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) exhibit greater adiposity at birth. This early-life phenotype may increase offspring risk of developing obesity, metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease later in life. Infants born to women with GDM have a dysregulation of several hormones, cytokines, and growth factors related to fetal fat mass growth. One of the molecular mechanisms of GDM influencing these factors is epigenetic alterations, such as DNA methylation (DNAm). This review will examine the role of DNAm as a potential biomarker for monitoring fetal growth during pregnancy in women with GDM. This information is relevant since it may provide useful new biomarkers for the diagnosis, prognosis, and treatment of fetal growth and its later-life health consequences.
UHPLC-MS/MS-Based Metabolomics and Clinical Phenotypes Analysis Reveal Broad-Scale Perturbations in Early Pregnancy Related to Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disturbance during pregnancy, with adverse effects on both mother and fetus. The establishment of early diagnosis and risk assessment model is of great significance for preventing and reducing adverse outcomes of GDM. In this study, the broad-scale perturbations related to GDM were explored through the integration analysis of metabolic and clinical phenotypes. Maternal serum samples from the first trimester were collected for targeted metabolomics analysis by using ultra-high performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (UHPLC-MS/MS). Statistical analysis was conducted based on the levels of the 184 metabolites and 76 clinical indicators from GDM women (n =60) and matched healthy controls (n =90). Metabolomics analysis revealed the down-regulation of fatty acid oxidation in the first trimester of GDM women, which was supposed to be related to the low serum level of dehydroepiandrosterone. While the significantly altered clinical phenotypes were mainly related to the increased risk of cardiovascular disease, abnormal iron metabolism, and inflammation. A phenotype panel established from the significantly changed serum indicators can be used for the early prediction of GDM, with the area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve (ROC) 0.83. High serum uric acid and C-reaction protein levels were risk factors for GDM independent of body mass indexes, with ORs 4.76 (95% CI: 2.08-10.90) and 3.10 (95% CI: 1.38-6.96), respectively. Predictive phenotype panel of GDM, together with the risk factors of GDM, will provide novel perspectives for the early clinical warning and diagnosis of GDM.
Mediating effect of vascular risk factors underlying the link between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease; Background Women with gestational diabetes (GDM) have an elevated lifetime incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD), but the basis of this excess risk remains to be established. In this context, we hypothesized that chronic exposure to adverse cardiovascular risk factors may contribute to their elevated risk of CVD. We thus sought to quantify the determinants of CVD risk in women with a history of GDM by performing mediation analyses. Methods Women in Ontario, Canada, with a live-birth pregnancy between Jan 1998 and Dec 2017 (n=757,541) were followed for a median of 13.2 years and stratified into the following 4 groups: women with GDM who developed CVD (GDM+/CVD+); women without GDM who developed CVD (GDM-/CVD+); those with GDM but no CVD (GDM+/CVD-); and those with neither GDM nor CVD (GDM-/CVD-). Lipids (total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, triglycerides) and glycemic variables (A1c, fasting glucose) were measured between 4.3 +/- 3.0 and 4.8 +/- 3.4 times over follow-up. Results On successive measurements at a median of 4.8, 7.1, and 8.7 years postpartum, respectively, each lipid and glycemic measure progressively worsened from GDM-/CVD- to GDM+/CVD- to GDM-/CVD+ to GDM+/CVD+ (all p<0.0001). At each point in time, each of the lipid and glycemic measures was significantly worse in GDM+/CVD+ compared to GDM+/CVD- (all p<0.001). Moreover, among women who did not develop CVD, all lipid and glycemic measures were significantly worse in those with previous GDM (all p<0.001 for GDM+/CVD- vs GDM-/CVD-). Mediation analyses revealed that the dominant determinants of CVD risk in women with GDM were A1c (56.0% mediation, 95%CI 47.4-67.8) and fasting glucose (47.4%, 38.8-60.8), followed by HDL (25.2%, 21.3-30.7) and triglycerides (12.1%, 9.7-15.6). Upon exclusion of those who developed diabetes during follow-up, the key determinants were HDL (40.8%), fasting glucose (37.7%), A1c (28.6%), triglycerides (21.0%), and LDL (9.9%). Conclusions Adverse glycemic and lipid measures mediate the elevated risk of CVD in women with previous GDM, with the impact of lipids particularly evident in those who do not develop diabetes. These findings thus identify potential targets for risk factor monitoring and ultimately early intervention towards the goal of primary prevention of CVD in this at-risk patient population.
Adverse effect of obesity on red cell membrane arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids in gestational diabetes; Aims/hypothesis. Gestational diabetes is a metabolic disorder affecting 2-5% of women and is a predictor of obesity, Type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance, a characteristic of gestational diabetes and obesity, is correlated with the fatty acids profile of the red cell and skeletal muscle membranes. We investigated the plasma and red cell fatty acid status of gestational diabetes. The effect of obesity on membrane fatty acids was also examined. Methods. Fasting blood obtained at diagnosis was analysed for the fatty acids in plasma choline phosphoglycerides and red cell choline and ethanolamine phosphoglycerides. Results. There were reductions in arachidonic acid (controls 10.74 +/- 2.35 vs gestational diabetes 8.35 +/- 3.49, p < 0.01) and docosahexaenoic acid (controls 6.31 ± 2.67 vs gestational diabetes 3.25 ± 2.00, p < 0.0001) in the red cell choline phosphoglycerides in gestational diabetes. A similar pattern was found in the ethanol-amine phosphoglycerides. Moreover, the arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids depletion in the red cell choline phosphoglycerides was much greater in overweight/obese gestational diabetes (arachidonic acid = 7.49 +/- 3.37, docosahexaenoic acid = 2.98 +/- 2.18, p < 0.01) compared with lean gestational diabetes (arachidonic acid = 10.03 ± 2.74, docosahexaenoic acid = 4.18 ± 1.42). Conclusion/interpretation. Apparently normal plasma choline phosphoglycerides fatty acids profile in the gestational diabetic women suggested that membrane lipid abnormality is associated specifically with perturbation in the membrane. The fact that the lipid abnormality is more pronounced in the outer leaflet of the membrane where most of receptor binding and enzyme activities take place might provide an explanation for the increased insulin resistance in gestational diabetes and obesity.
Association of body composition in early pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis; IntroductionBody composition as dynamic indices constantly changes in pregnancy. The use of body composition indices in the early stages of pregnancy has recently been considered. Therefore, the current meta-analysis study was conducted to investigate the relationship between body composition in the early stages of pregnancy and gestational diabetes. MethodValid databases searched for papers published from 2010 to December 2021 were based on PRISMA guideline. Newcastle Ottawa was used to assess the quality of the studies. For all analyses, STATA 14.0 was used. Mean difference (MD) of anthropometric indices was calculated between the GDM and Non-GDM groups. Pooled MD was estimated by "Metan" command, and heterogeneity was defined using Cochran's Q test of heterogeneity, and I (2) index was used to quantify heterogeneity. ResultsFinally, 29 studies with a sample size of 56438 met the criteria for entering the meta-analysis. Pooled MD of neck circumference, hip circumference, waist hip ratio, and visceral adipose tissue depth were, respectively, 1.00 cm (95% CI: 0.79 to 1.20) [N = 5; I boolean AND 2: 0%; p: 0.709], 7.79 cm (95% CI: 2.27 to 13.31) [N = 5; I2: 84.3%; P<0.001], 0.03 (95% CI: 0.02 to 0.04) [N = 9; I2: 89.2%; P<0.001], and 7.74 cm (95% CI: 0.11 to 1.36) [N = 4; I boolean AND 2: 95.8%; PConclusionIncreased neck circumference, waist circumference, hip circumference, arm circumference, waist to hip ratio, visceral fat depth, subcutaneous fat depth, and short stature increased the possibility of developing gestational diabetes. These indices can accurately, cost-effectively, and affordably assess the occurrence of gestational diabetes, thus preventing many consequences with early detection of gestational diabetes.
Gestational Diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome: Can Obesity and Small, Dense Low Density Lipoproteins be Key Mediators of this Association?; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents a condition of glucose intolerance with first appearance or recognition at the time of a pregnancy, associated with an inadequate pancreatic response to the advanced insulin resistance of the later stages of pregnancy, and accompanied by enhancing beta-cell mass and secretion of insulin. Women who had GDM exhibit a higher risk for later advent of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Additionally, previous GDM has been proposed as independently correlated with higher risk for development of atherosclerosis in a healthy population, similar to the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and independently of the presence of established CVD risk factors. Available data indicate multiple metabolic abnormalities common in women with GDM, including a high small dense low-density lipoprotein (sdLDL) concentration and a resultant high prevalence of CVD and the MetS. Preliminary data indicate that a measurement of sdLDL is worthwhile in women with GDM during pregnancy as well as the postpartum period. A close follow up of these women should be emphasized in clinical practice because GDM could predict not only eventual health risks for these mothers, but also their offspring. Thus, an improvement in care and risk modification of women with GDM may not only contribute towards improved CVD profile, but also potentially prevent adverse outcomes in their offspring. Lifestyle changes should be promoted in order to prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy and decrease the risk of MetS in the postpartum and long-term.
TRIPOD (TRoglitazone in the Prevention of Diabetes): A randomized, placebo-controlled trial of troglitazone in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus; The TRoglitazone In the Prevention Of Diabetes (TRIPOD) trial is a single-center, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-masked study. The primary aim of the TRIPOD trial is to test the hypothesis that chronic administration of troglitazone to nondiabetic women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) will improve whole-body insulin sensitivity and reduce the incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM). Because troglitazone is already known to lower blood glucose concentrations in persons who have developed NIDDM, an additional aim of the project will be to determine whether early intervention with troglitazone will achieve better final glycemic control than can be achieved by later intervention. hn addition, since troglitazone treatment is expected to improve insulin sensitivity and may prevent or delay a decline in glucose tolerance, we also plan to determine whether long-term troglitazone treatment alters the development or progression of atherosclerosis. In this article we describe the experiment's design, the study's endpoints and methods for determining those endpoints, methods for assessing quality of life, and proposed methods for statistical analyses. The unique two-phase study design of the TRIPOD trial will permit testing not only of the biological question about reversal of insulin resistance and prevention of diabetes, but also of the clinical question about whether early intervention is superior to late intervention. Results from this trial will have an important impact on the monitoring and treatment of patients at high risk for NIDDM. (C) Elsevier Science Inc. 1998.
Risk factors related to venous thromboembolism in pregnant women: a meta-analysis; Introduction: The aim of this paper was to make a preliminary analysis of the risk factors related to venous thromboembolism (VTE) in pregnant women by Meta-analysis. Evidence acquisition: Three databases including PubMed, Web of Science, and The National Library of Medicine (NLM) were systematically searched from their establishment to January 1, 2023, and the obtained data were statistically analyzed using RevMan5.3 software. Evidence synthesis: A total of 10 studies were included, involving 22 risk factors, of which 16 were included for further analysis. Meta analysis showed that cesarean section (OR=2.05, 95%CI: 1.71, 2.47, P=0.007), gestational diabetes (OR=1.17, 95%CI: 1.09, 1.27, P<0.001), eclampsia or preeclampsia (OR=1.88, 95%CI: 1.42, 2.49, P< 0.001), obesity (OR=1.19, 95%CI: 1.04, 1.86, P=0.028), twin or multiple pregnancy (OR=2.34, 95%CI: 1.46, 3.76, P<0.001), chronic heart disease (OR=3.59, 95%CI: 3.28, 3.92, P<0.001), and blood transfusion history (OR=3.20, 95%CI: 2.78, 3.68, P<0.001) were risk factors for VTE in pregnant women. Conclusions: Existing evidence suggests that cesarean section, gestational diabetes, eclampsia or preeclampsia, obesity (body mass index >30 kg/m 2 ), twin or multiple pregnancy, chronic heart disease, and blood transfusion history may be risk factors for VTE in pregnant women. In clinical practice, the evaluation and management of VTE should be strengthened, and a model for clinical prediction of VTE can be established to provide a reference for the prevention of VTE.
Postpartum risk of diabetes and predictive factors for glucose intolerance in East Asian women with gestational diabetes; Aims: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are likely to develop postpartum diabetes mellitus (DM) We examined women in the early stages of pregnancy who were at high risk of postpartum DM progression to establish a follow-up method for early detection. Methods: We performed the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and identified predictive factors for postpartum impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or DM in 77 women after GDM, for 2 years after delivery, retrospectively. Cutoff values for each factor were determined. We classified these women with GDM into four groups using these predictive factors and evaluated postpartum glucose intolerance (GI) in each group. Results: In total, 44.1% of the women with a GDM history had developed postpartum GI within 2 years. We determined three risk factors for postpartum GI: elevated glucose level 120 min after a 75-g OGTT (Glu120), elevated glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) level at diagnosis, and perinatal complications. The cutoff Glu120 and the HbA1c level were 155 mg/dl and 5.3% (34 mmol/mol), respectively. Type 2 DM developed in 53.8% of women, and IGT developed in 38.5% of women within 2 years in groups with high Glu120 and high HbA1c. Conclusions: High-risk groups require careful follow-up observation. (C) 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license.
Excessive gestational weight gain is an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes mellitus in singleton pregnancies: Results from a French cohort study; Objective: Increase in prevalence of maternal obesity worldwide raises concern among health professionals. Our purpose was to evaluate the impact of maternal obesity and of excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) on the course of singleton pregnancies in a French maternity ward. Study design: 3599 consecutive women who delivered from April 2013 to May 2015 at Brest University Hospital were included in HPP-IPF cohort study, a study designed to evaluate clinical and biological determinants of postpartum hemorrhage (PPH). Maternal obesity was defined by a pre-pregnancy Body Mass Index (BMI) >= 30 kg/m(2) and excessive GWG was defined according to the Institute of Medicine 2009 guidelines. Obstetric complications (including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, venous thromboembolism, PPH, cesarean section (C-section) and macrosomia) were collected prospectively in a standardized case report form. For each complication, Odd Ratios (OR) according to pre-pregnancy BMI and GWG were calculated in univariable and multivariable analyses. Results: Out of the 3162 women analyzed for this report, 583 (18.4%) were overweight, 400 (12.7%) were obese and 36.6% had excessive GWG. In multivariable analysis, after adjustment for confounding factors, obese women were at increased risk of GDM (OR 5.83, 95%CI 4.37-7.79), PPH (OR 1.69, 95%CI 1.19-2.41), C-section (OR 2.50, 95%CI 1.92-3.26) and macrosomia (OR 1.90, 95%CI 1.31-2.76). Similarly, women with excessive GWG were at increased risk of GDM (OR 1.55, 95%CI 1.17-2.06), C-section (OR 1.46, 95%CI 1.16-1.83) and macrosomia (OR 2.09, 95%CI 1.50-2.91). Conclusions: Maternal obesity and excessive GWG are independent risk factors for GDM, C-section and macrosomia in singleton pregnancies. Further studies are needed to evaluate if a lifestyle intervention aiming at avoiding excessive GWG could improve clinical outcomes in pregnant women.
Overweight and the Metabolic Syndrome in Adult Offspring of Women with Diet-Treated Gestational Diabetes Mellitus or Type 1 Diabetes; Context: In animal studies, exposure to intrauterine hyperglycemia increases the risk of cardiovascular disease through only partly understood epigenetic mechanisms. Human long-term follow-up studies on the same topic are few. Objective: The aim was to study the risk of overweight and the metabolic syndrome in adult offspring of women with diet-treated gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or type 1 diabetes, and additionally to study associations between estimates of maternal hyperglycemia and outcome in the offspring. Design and Setting: We conducted a follow-up study of 1066 primarily Caucasian women aged 18-27 yr in the Center for Pregnant Women with Diabetes, Rigshospitalet, Copenhagen, Denmark. Participants: Offspring of women with diet-treated GDM (n = 168) and an unexposed reference group (n = 141) participated, as well as offspring of women with type 1 diabetes (n = 160) and offspring from the background population representing an unexposed reference group (n = 128). The follow-up rate was 56% (597 of 1066). Main Outcome Measures: Women with body mass index of at least 25 kg/m(2) were considered overweight. The metabolic syndrome was determined by the International Diabetes Federation 2006 criteria. Results: The risk of overweight was doubled in offspring of women with diet-treated GDM or type 1 diabetes compared with offspring from the background population, whereas the risk of the metabolic syndrome was 4- and 2.5-fold increased, respectively. Offspring risk of the metabolic syndrome increased significantly with increasing maternal fasting blood glucose as well as 2-h blood glucose (during oral glucose tolerance test). Conclusions: Adult offspring of women with diet-treated GDM or type 1 diabetes are risk groups for overweight and the metabolic syndrome. Intrauterine hyperglycemia may in addition to genetics and other factors contribute to the pathogenesis of overweight and the metabolic syndrome. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 94: 2464-2470, 2009)
The role of first trimester fetal heart rate in the prediction of gestational diabetes: A multicenter study; Objective: Early pregnancy models for prediction of GDM have been proposed, mostly using anamnestic and biochemical parameters. The aim of our study was to evaluate the strength of association of first trimester fetal heart rate (FHR) in predicting the development of gestational diabetes (GDM). Study design: We considered in our analysis singleton non-diabetic pregnant women who underwent a first trimester screening at 11-14 weeks. Data on maternal age, BMI, cigarette smoking, NT, FHR, CRL, DV-PVI, beta-hCG and PAPP-A were included in the analysis. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to estimate the association between maternal characteristics and first-trimester ultrasound measurements and GDM. We evaluated the efficacy of different models for the prediction of GDM. Results: We considered 603 women, of whom 199 (33%) were subsequently diagnosed with GDM. ROC analysis showed that first trimester FHR was highly predictive of GDM (AUC 0.809, 95% CI 0.769-0.849, p < 0.001). At FPR of 20%, first trimester FHR had a detection rate of 65.2% for GDM (positive likelihood ratio: 3.26; negative likelihood ratio: 0.43), which increased to 89.5% at FPR of 40% (positive likelihood ratio: 2.24; negative likelihood ratio: 0.17). When considering as threshold 162 bpm, FHR showed detection rate of 76.9%, specificity of 67.1% and negative predictive value of 85.5% for GDM. Conclusion: This is the first study to highlight the potential role of first trimester FHR as early predictor of GDM. In our cohort, a threshold of 162 bpm has shown high detection rate and NPV for GDM. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Implementing care for women with gestational diabetes after delivery-the challenges ahead; Gestational diabetes (GDM), defined as glucose intolerance during pregnancy, affects one in six pregnancies globally and significantly increases a woman's lifetime risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Being a relatively young group, women with GDM are also at higher risk of developing diabetes related complications (e.g., cardiovascular disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease) later in life. Children of women with GDM are also likely to develop GDM and this perpetuates a cycle of diabetes, escalating our current pandemic of metabolic disease. The global prevalence of GDM has now risen by more than 30% over the last two decades, making it an emerging public health concern. Antepartum management of maternal glucose is unable to fully mitigate the associated lifetime cardiometabolic risk. Thus, efforts may need to focus on improving care for women with GDM during the postpartum period where prevention or therapeutic strategies could be implemented to attenuate progression of GDM to DM and its associated vascular complications. However, strategies to provide care for women in the postpartum period often showed disappointing results. This has led to a missed opportunity to halt the progression of impaired glucose tolerance/impaired fasting glucose to DM in women with GDM. In this review, we examined the challenges in the management of women with GDM after delivery and considered how each of these challenges are defined and could present as a gap in translating evidence to clinical care. We highlighted challenges related to postpartum surveillance, postpartum glucose testing strategies, postpartum risk factor modification, and problems encountered in engagement of patients/providers to implement interventions strategies in women with GDM after delivery. We reasoned that a multisystem approach is needed to address these challenges and to retard progression to DM and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women with GDM pregnancies. This is very much needed to pave way for an improved, precise, culturally sensitive and wholistic care for women with GDM.
Glucose Intolerance in Pregnancy and Postpartum Risk of Metabolic Syndrome in Young Women; Context/Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and even mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy are both associated with increased risks of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the future. Because the metabolic syndrome also identifies patients at risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, we hypothesized that gestational dysglycemia may be associated with an unrecognized latent metabolic syndrome. Thus, we sought to evaluate the relationship between gestational glucose tolerance status and postpartum risk of metabolic syndrome. Design/Setting/Participants: In this prospective cohort study, 487 women underwent oral glucose tolerance testing in pregnancy and cardiometabolic characterization at 3 months postpartum. The antepartum testing defined three gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 137); gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) (n = 91); and normal glucose tolerance (NGT) (n = 259). Main Outcome Measure: The primary outcome was the presence of the metabolic syndrome at 3 months postpartum, as defined by International Diabetes Federation (IDF) and American Heart Association/National Heart Lung and Blood Institute (AHA/NHLBI) criteria, respectively. Results: The postpartum prevalence of IDF metabolic syndrome progressively increased from NGT (10.0%) to GIGT (17.6%) to GDM (20.0%) (overall P = 0.016). The same progression was observed for AHA/NHLBI metabolic syndrome (NGT, 8.9%; GIGT, 15.4%; and GDM, 16.8%; overall P = 0.046). Onlogistic regression analysis, both GDM(odds ratio, 2.05; 95% confidence interval, 1.07-3.94) and GIGT (odds ratio, 2.16; 95% confidence interval, 1.05-4.42) independently predicted postpartum metabolic syndrome. Conclusions: Both GDM and mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy predict an increased likelihood of metabolic syndrome at 3 months postpartum, supporting the concept that women with gestational dysglycemia may have an underlying latent metabolic syndrome. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 95: 670-677, 2010)
General practitioners' knowledge about pregnancy complications associated with long-term cardiovascular risk; Introduction: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of mortality in women; preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with an increased risk of CVD. Objective: To evaluate general practitioners (GP) knowledge about complicated pregnancies and their association with CVD. Methods: An anonymous case-based electronic questionnaire designed to assess the level of understanding on the influence of a history of pregnancy complications on long-term cardiovascular risk and general knowledge about CVD risk was sent to GPs. Results: The response rate was 35 % (161/465). The participants recognized that PE and GDM are risk factors for CVD (98 and 83 %, respectively), and reported the following CVD screening strategies in women with a history of PE and GDM: blood pressure monitoring (PE 100 %, GDM 46 %), body mass index calculation (PE 68 %, GDM 57 %), lipid profile evaluation (PE 71 %, GDM 57 %), glycated hemoglobin (PE 26 %, GDM 92 %), and fasting glucose (PE 28 %, GDM 91 %). Conclusion: GP-reported screening strategies to identify CVD in women with a history of PE and GDM were variable.
Predictors of postnatal complications and congenital cardiac diseases in infants of mothers with pregestational and gestational diabetes; Aim: In this study, we aimed to evaluate the postnatal problems of infants of mothers with pregestational and gestational diabetes and the clinical properties of infants who were found to have congenital cardiac disease. Material and Methods: We retrospectively examined the records of 337 newborns who were followed up with a diagnosis of infant of diabetic mother between January 2010 and January 2012 in our Neonatology Unit. The demographic data of the diabetic mothers and their babies, the postnatal problems of the babies of diabetic mothers and congenital heart diseases found on transthoracic echocardiography were examined. Results: The patients were classified as group A, B and C in accordance with the recommendations of The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) according to the type of diabetes. The most common postnatal problems included hyperbilirubinemia, respiratory distress, hypoglycemia and hypocalcemia. The rate of congenital heart disease was found be 17.3% in group A, 50% in group B and 9% in group C. No correlation was found between congenital heart disease and gender, multiple pregnancy, diabetes type, diet treatment, use of oral antidiabetic drugs and drug usage. A positive significant correlation was found between congenital heart disease and genetic disease, murmur, cyanosis and presence of gestational hypertension. It was shown that use of insulin, genetic disease and presence of gestational diabetes increased the risk of congenital heart disease. Conclusions: In our study, the overall incidence of congenital heart disease was found to be 24% in infants of diabetic mothers. It should be kept in mind that it is important to investigate the infants of mothers with pregestational and gestational diabetes in terms of the risk of congenital heart disease.
Myocardial function in offspring 5-8 years after pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia; Introduction: Preeclampsia and diabetic pregnancies share pathophysiological features suggested to influence epigenetic changes during foetal life with importance for later development and metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. Aim: Our objective was to study the myocardium in offspring after pregnancy complications. Methods: Forty-five children (age 5-8 years) delivered from pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia (n = 25), diabetes mellitus type 1 (n = 8) or gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 12) were included. Fifteen children from uneventful pregnancies served as controls. Myocardial functions of right and left ventricle were examined by conventional Doppler and tissue Doppler imaging (TDI). Results: No major differences were found in the myocardial function between offspring of pregnancy complications and control group. However, the preeclampsia group had smaller hearts, increased heart rate and increased late diastolic velocity (A'-wave) at mitral valve attachments shown by both pulsed wave and colour TDI compared to the control and diabetic groups together (p <= 0.01). Conclusion: Children born after preeclampsia may show effects of a negative impact on the heart already at the age of 5 to 8 years. The numbers of examined children were, however, limited. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy Complications Can Foreshadow Future Disease-Long-Term Outcomes of a Complicated Pregnancy; During gestation, the maternal body should increase its activity to fulfil the demands of the developing fetus as pregnancy progresses. Each maternal organ adapts in a unique manner and at a different time during pregnancy. In an organ or system that was already vulnerable before pregnancy, the burden of pregnancy can trigger overt clinical manifestations. After delivery, symptoms usually reside; however, in time, because of the age-related metabolic and pro-atherogenic changes, they reappear. Therefore, it is believed that pregnancy acts as a medical stress test for mothers. Pregnancy complications such as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus foreshadow cardiovascular disease and/or diabetes later in life. Affected women are encouraged to modify their lifestyle after birth by adjusting their diet and exercise habits. Blood pressure and plasmatic glucose level checking are recommended so that early therapeutic intervention can reduce long-term morbidity. Currently, the knowledge of the long-term consequences in women who have had pregnancy-related syndromes is still incomplete. A past obstetric history may, however, be useful in determining the risk of diseases later in life and allow timely intervention.
Influence of environmental temperature on risk of gestational diabetes; BACKGROUND: Cold-induced thermogenesis is known to improve insulin sensitivity, which may become increasingly relevant in the face of global warming. The aim of this study was to examine the relation between outdoor air temperature and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: We identified all births in the Greater Toronto Area from 2002 to 2014 using administrative health databases. Generalized estimating equations were used to examine the relation between the mean 30-day outdoor air temperature before the time of gestational diabetes mellitus screening and the likelihood of diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus based on a validated algorithm using hospital records and physician service claims. RESULTS: Over the 12-year period, there were 555 911 births among 396 828 women. Prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus was 4.6% among women exposed to extremely cold mean outdoor air temperatures ( -10 degrees C) in the 30-day period before screening and increased to 7.7% among those exposed to hot mean 30-day temperatures ( 24 degrees C). Each 10 degrees C increase in mean 30-day temperature was associated with a 1.06 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.04-1.07) times higher odds of gestational diabetes mellitus, after adjusting for maternal age, parity, neighbourhood income quintile, world region and year. A similar effect was seen for each 10 degrees C rise in outdoor air temperature difference between 2 consecutive pregnancies for the same woman (adjusted odds ratio 1.06, 95% CI 1.03-1.08). INTERPRETATION: In our setting, there was a direct relation between outdoor air temperature and the likelihood of gestational diabetes mellitus. Future climate patterns may substantially affect global variations in the prevalence of diabetes, which also has important implications for the prevention and treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Serum platelet-activating factor acetylhydrolase activity: relationship with metabolic syndrome in women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Methods. The cross-sectional study included 36 women with history of GDM and 40 women with history of normal glucose tolerance in pregnancy (control group). Results. Compared to the controls, the GDM group had significantly higher mean values for serum glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR, triglyceride, GGT and plasma PAF-AH activity, and a statistically higher prevalence of MS. Within the GDM group, women diagnosed with MS had significantly higher PAF-AH activity than those without MS (p = 0.002). Conclusion. This is the first study to have shown that plasma PAF-AH activity and GGT levels may be significant for evaluating atherosclerosis risk and metabolic hepatic damage in women with history of GDM.
Association of elevated serum ferritin levels and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women - The Camden study; OBJECTIVE - We examined the influence of a moderately elevated serum ferritin level at entry to care on the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and a possible mechanism (increased iron stores versus inflammation). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - in a prospective observational study With 1,456 healthy pregnant women in Camden, New Jersey, serum ferritin and anthropometric measurements were determined. Serum C-reactive protein (CRP) concentration was measured in a nested case-control study of 172 subjects. RESULTS - Women who developed GDM had a higher concentration of serum ferritin than women who did not develop GDM (P < 0.001). Elevated serum ferritin level (highest quintile) was significantly and positively correlated with prepregnant BMI and skinfold measurements. Women in the highest quintile of serum ferritin had a twofold increased risk of developing GDM adjusted for several known risk factors (adjusted odds ratio, 2.02 [95% CI 1.04-3.92], P < 0.05). Similar results were obtained with a nested case-control Study, in which women in the highest tertile of serum ferritin (2.35 [1.06-5.22], P < 0.05) or CRP (2.67 [1.16-6.17], P < 0.001) had a greater than twofold increased risk of GDM. However, these effects were modified and became non statistically significant after additional adjustment for prepregnant BMI. CONCLUSIONS - Elevated serum ferritin concentrations earl), in gestation are associated with an increased risk of GDM. The association, at least in part, is mediated by the maternal fat mass and obesity. These data suggest a possible link between elevated serum ferritin and low-grade inflammation.
Assessment of Myocardial Function in Infants of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Using Deformation Imaging over the First Year of Age; Objective To assess serial myocardial performance and pulmonary vascular resistance (PVR) in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) over the first year of life. Study design This was a prospective, observational study. Echocardiography was performed at birth, 6 months, and 1 year of age. Pulmonary artery acceleration time and left ventricular (LV) eccentricity index provided surrogate measurements of PVR. Biventricular function was assessed by tissue Doppler imaging and deformation analysis. Results Fifty infants of mothers with GDM were compared with 50 controls with no difference in gestation (38.9 +/- 0.8 weeks vs 39.3 +/- 0.9 weeks; P = .05) or birthweight (3.55 +/- 0.49 kg vs 3.56 +/- 0.41 kg; P = .95). At 1 year of age, the pulmonary artery acceleration time was lower (70 +/- 11 vs 79 +/- 10; P = .01) in the GDM group. LV global longitudinal strain (24.7 +/- 1.9 vs 28.8 +/- 1.8 %; P < .01), LV systolic strain rate (1.8 +/- 0.2 vs 2.1 +/- 0.3 1/s; P < .01), and RV free wall strain (31.1 +/- 4.8 vs 34.6 +/- 3.9 %; P < .01) were lower in the GDM cohort at 1 year of age (all P values adjusted for gestation, mode of delivery, and maternal body mass index). Conclusions Our findings demonstrate higher indices of PVR and lower biventricular function in infants of mothers with GDM compared with controls at each time point assessed in this study over the first year of life. (J Pediatr 2023;263:113645).
Lactonase activity and status of paraoxonase 1 and oxidative stress in neonates of women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background The level and lactonase activity of paraoxonase 1 (PON1) and their association withPON1genetic variants and oxidative stress are unclear in neonates of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods This study included 362 neonates of women with GDM and 302 control neonates. The level, lactonase activity, normalized lactonase activity (NLA), and genetic polymorphisms of PON1, serum total oxidant status (TOS), total antioxidant capacity (TAC), and malondialdehyde (MDA) were analyzed. Results The neonates of the women with GDM had significantly higher levels, lactonase activity, and NLA of PON1, higher TOS, TAC, and MDA concentrations, and relatively higher oxidative stress index than those of the control neonates. ThePON1 -108C -> Tvariation decreased the lactonase activity, level, and NLA of PON1, while thePON1 192Q -> Rvariation decreased the PON1 NLA in a genotype-dependent manner in the two groups. Multivariable regression analysis revealed thePON1 -108C/Tor192Q/Rvariation, apolipoprotein (apo)A1, or apoB as significant predictors of the level, lactonase activity, and NLA of PON1. Conclusions The lactonase activity, level, and NLA of PON1 were increased in the neonates of women with GDM. ThePON1genetic variants, abnormalities in lipoproteins, and increased oxidative stress may be associated with these changes. Impact This is the first study to report the elevated level, lactonase activity, and NLA of PON1 in the neonates of women with GDM. These neonates also exhibited increased oxidative stress and an adverse glycolipid metabolic profile. We further established that the - and/or genetic variants of the gene, abnormalities in lipoprotein metabolism, and/or increased oxidative stress had noticeable influences on the level and activities of PON1. Whether these changes potentially cause metabolic disorders later in life remains to be determined. Therefore, the neonates born to women with GDM require further clinical follow-ups.
Long-term cardio-metabolic effects after gestational diabetes: a review; Women with GDM are at high risk of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). A relationship with GDM and future development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been also recognized. Pregnancy and postpartum period in women with GDM give us the opportunity to identify the underlying, often unrecognized, CVD risk factors. Ideally, the postpartum follow-up of this women should be done by a multidisciplinary team to evaluate their cardio-metabolic risk and to counseling regarding lifestyle modification (healthy diet and regular physical activity) and breastfeeding that can reduce their risk. Longer follow-up of these women should be individualized, focusing attention on women at medium-high cardio-metabolic risk. The link between GDM and T2DM-CVD offers us a great opportunity for the diseases prevention.
Soft drink consumption and gestational diabetes risk in the SUN project; Background & aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevalence is increasing worldwide. To the best of our knowledge the specific evaluation of soft drink consumption as a risk factor for developing GDM has only been conducted in the Nurses' Health Study II. Objective: To investigate the incidence of GDM according to soft drink consumption in the SUN project. Design: The "Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra" (SUN) project is a prospective and dynamic cohort which included data of 3396 women who notified at least one pregnancy between December 1999 and March 2012. A validated 136-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire was used to assess soft drink consumption. Four categories of sugar-sweetened soft drink (SSSD) and diet soft drink (DSD) consumption (servings) were established: rarely or never (< 1/month), low (1-3/month), intermediate (> 3/month and <= 1/week) and high (>= 2/week). Potential confounders were adjusted through non-conditional logistic regression models. Results: During the follow-up, we identified 172 incident cases of GDM. After adjusting for age, baseline body mass index, family history of diabetes, smoking, total energy intake, physical activity, parity, fast-food consumption, adherence to Mediterranean dietary pattern, alcohol intake, multiple pregnancy, cardiovascular disease/hypertension at baseline, fiber intake, following special diet and snacking, SSSD consumption was significantly associated with an increased risk of incident GDM, with multivariable adjusted odds ratios (OR) of 2.03 (95% confidence interval [Cl]: 1.25-3.31) and 1.67 (95% Cl: 1.01-2.77) for the highest and intermediate categories, respectively, versus the lowest category (p for linear trend: 0.006). Conversely, DSD consumption was not associated with GDM incidence (adjusted OR: 0.82; 95% Cl: 0.52-1.31) for the highest versus the lowest category (p for linear trend: 0.258). Additional sensitivity analyses did not change the results. Conclusion: Higher consumption of SSSDs before pregnancy was an independent risk factor for GDM, however, no association was observed between DSD consumption and GDM risk. (c) 2017 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Insulin Need in Gestational Diabetes is Associated with a Worse Cardiovascular Risk Profile after Pregnancy; Objective Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treated with insulin are more likely to develop type 2 diabetes after pregnancy compared to mild GDM cases treated with medical nutrition treatment (MNT) alone. We aimed to compare levels of subclinical atherosclerosis markers in women with previous GDM treated with insulin and MNT alone. Methods Eighty-one women with previous GDM (45 treated with insulin, 36 treated with MNT) and 35 age-matched lean controls were included. Fasting glucose, insulin and lipids, circulating fibrinogen, CRP, PAI-1 and IL-6 levels were assayed. Carotid intima media thickness (IMT) was measured. Results Women with previous GDM treated with insulin in pregnancy had significantly higher fasting glucose, plasma PAI-1 levels and carotid IMT compared to women treated with MNT alone. In multiple regression analysis, insulin need in pregnancy was associated with increased carotid IMT and plasma PAI-1 levels (corrected for age, BMI, postpartum duration, fasting glucose and lipids; model r(2)=0.132; beta=0.297, p=0.014 for carotid IMT; model r(2)=0.198; beta=0.345, p=0.003 for PAI-1). Conclusion Women with previous GDM treated with insulin in pregnancy had a worse cardiovascular risk profile compared to mild GDM patients. An intensive preventive approach for cardiovascular disorders is particularly essential for this subgroup of women.
Mass spectrometry-based "omics" technologies for the study of gestational diabetes and the discovery of new biomarkers; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is one of the most common complications occurring during pregnancy. Diagnosis is performed by oral glucose tolerance test, but harmonized testing methods and thresholds are still lacking worldwide. Short-term and long-term effects include obesity, type 2 diabetes, and increased risk of cardiovascular disease. The identification and validation of sensitidve, selective, and robust biomarkers for early diagnosis during the first trimester of pregnancy are required, as well as for the prediction of possible adverse outcomes after birth. Mass spectrometry (MS)-based omics technologies are nowadays the method of choice to characterize various pathologies at a molecular level. Proteomics and metabolomics of GDM were widely investigated in the last 10 years, and various proteins and metabolites were proposed as possible biomarkers. Metallomics of GDM was also reported, but studies are limited in number. The present review focuses on the description of the different analytical methods and MS-based instrumental platforms applied to GDM-related omics studies. Preparation procedures for various biological specimens are described and results are briefly summarized. Generally, only preliminary findings are reported by current studies and further efforts are required to determine definitive GDM biomarkers.
Healthful Dietary Patterns and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Risk Among Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has reached epidemic proportions. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk for T2DM after pregnancy. Adherence to healthful dietary patterns has been inversely associated with T2DM in the general population; however, whether these dietary patterns are associated with progression to T2DM among a susceptible population is unknown. Methods: Four thousand four hundred thirteen participants from the Nurses' Health Study II cohort with prior GDM were followed up from 1991 to 2005. We derived the alternate Mediterranean diet (aMED), Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), and alternate Healthy Eating Index (aHEI) dietary pattern adherence scores from a post-GDM validated food-frequency questionnaire, with cumulative average updating every 4 years. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models estimated the relative risk (hazard ratios) and 95% confidence intervals. Results: We observed 491 cases of incident T2DM during 52 743 person-years. All 3 patterns were inversely associated with T2DM risk with adjustment for age, total calorie intake, age at first birth, parity, ethnicity, parental diabetes, oral contraceptive use, menopause, and smoking. When we compared participants with the highest adherence (quartile 4) vs lowest (quartile 1), the aMED pattern was associated with 40% lower risk of T2DM (hazard ratio, 0.60 [95% CI, 0.44-0.82; P = .002]); the DASH pattern, with 46% lower risk (0.54 [0.39-0.73; P < .001]); and the aHEI pattern, with 57% lower risk (0.43 [0.31-0.59; P < .001]). Adjustment for body mass index moderately attenuated these findings. Conclusions: Adherence to healthful dietary patterns is associated with lower T2DM risk among women with a history of GDM. The inverse associations are partly mediated by body mass index.
Oxidative stress contributes to reductions in microvascular endothelial- and nitric oxide-dependent dilation in women with a history of gestational diabetes; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are twice as likely to develop cardiovascular disease (CVD) and similar to 7 times as likely to develop type 2 diabetes as their age-matched counterparts. However, the mechanism(s) mediating these associations remain unclear. We hypothesized that endothelium- and (nitric oxide) NO-dependent dilation would be attenuated through oxidant stress mechanisms in the microvasculature of women with a history of GDM compared with control women with a history of uncomplicated pregnancy (HC). Ten HC (35 +/- 4 yr) and 10 GDM (34 +/- 4 yr) underwent a standard local heating protocol (42 degrees C; 0.1 degrees C.s(-1)). Two intradermal microdialysis fibers were placed in the ventral forearm for local delivery of lactated Ringer's (control) or 5 mM L-ascorbate. After full expression of the local heating response, 15 mM N-G-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester (NO synthase inhibition) was perfused. Red cell flux was measured continuously by laser-Doppler flowmetry, and cutaneous vascular conductance (CVC = flux/MAP) was standardized to maximum (% CVCmax; 28 mM SNP thorn 43 degrees C). Urine albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR) was measured. GDM had attenuated endothelium-dependent (GDM: 67 +/- 7 vs. HC: 90 +/- 4% CVCmax; P < 0.001) and NO-dependent (GDM: 54 +/- 7 vs. HC: 71 +/- 3% CVCmax; P = 0.001) dilation at the control site and tended to have higher urine ACR (P = 0.06). Both endothelium-dependent (R-2 = 0.53, P = 0.02) and NO-dependent (R-2 = 0.56, P = 0.01) dilation were related to urine ACR in GDM. L-ascorbate perfusion improved endothelium-dependent (82 +/- 5% CVCmax; P = 0.03 vs. control) and NO-dependent (68 +/- 5% CVCmax; P = 0.02 vs. control) dilation in GDM but had no effect in HC (P > 0.05). Otherwise healthy women with a history of GDM have attenuated microvascular endothelial function and this dysfunction is mediated, in part, by oxidative stress. NEW & NOTEWORTHY Women who have gestational diabetes during pregnancy are at greater risk for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in the decade following pregnancy. However, the mechanisms mediating this increased risk are unclear. Herein, we demonstrate that microvascular dysfunction, mediated by increase in oxidative stress, persists after pregnancy in women who had gestational diabetes, despite the remission of glucose tolerance.
THERAPEUTIC EXERCISE FOR INSULIN-REQUIRING GESTATIONAL DIABETICS - EFFECTS ON THE FETUS - RESULTS OF A RANDOMIZED PROSPECTIVE LONGITUDINAL-STUDY; Regular physical activity is an establish therapeutic adjunct in diabetes, but has not been offered to pregnant diabetics in the past; for sports might induce significant cardiovascular and hormonal changes that are able to reduce blood flow to the uterus and thus limit oxygen transfer to the fetus. Studying the impact of a medically supervised exercise program on gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM) in a randomised prospective longitudinal study, this paper aims to assess the effects of maternal moderate and strenuous exercise on the fetus. By evaluating shortterm fetal responses as reflected in heart rate patterns (FHR) and longterm-pregnancy complications and neonatal outcome, our results suggest that - in absence of ominous FHR changes or significant changes in uterine activity following the exercise sessions or increased diabetes-related peri- and neonatal morbidity - regular physical activity seems to be a safe therapeutic option for the fetus of GDM mothers.
Cardiovascular Disease-Related Morbidity and Mortality in Women With a History of Pregnancy Complications Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of certain pregnancy complications are at higher risk for cardiovascular (CVD) disease. However, most clinical guidelines only recommend postpartum follow-up of those with a history of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, or preterm birth. This systematic review was undertaken to determine if there is an association between a broader array of pregnancy complications and the future risk of CVD. METHODS: We systematically searched PubMed, MEDLINE and EMBASE (via Ovid), CINAHL, and the Cochrane Library from inception to September 22, 2017, for observational studies of the association between the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, placental abruption, preterm birth, gestational diabetes mellitus, low birth weight, small-for-gestational-age birth, stillbirth, and miscarriage and subsequent CVD. Likelihood ratio meta-analyses were performed to generate pooled odds ratios (OR) and 95% intrinsic confidence intervals (ICI). RESULTS: Our systematic review included 84 studies (28 993 438 patients). Sample sizes varied from 250 to 2 000 000, with a median follow-up of 7.5 years postpartum. The risk of CVD was highest in women with gestational hypertension (OR 1.7; 95% ICI, 1.3-2.2), preeclampsia (OR 2.7; 95% ICI, 2.5-3.0), placental abruption (OR 1.8; 95% ICI, 1.4-2.3), preterm birth (OR 1.6; 95% ICI, 1.4-1.9), gestational diabetes mellitus (OR 1.7; 95% ICI, 1.1-2.5), and stillbirth (OR 1.5; 95% ICI, 1.1-2.1). A consistent trend was seen for low birth weight and small-for-gestational-age birth weight but not for miscarriage. CONCLUSIONS: Women with a broader array of pregnancy complications, including placental abruption and stillbirth, are at increased risk of future CVD. The findings support the need for assessment and risk factor management beyond the postpartum period.
Comparison of Stroke Recurrence, Cardiovascular Events, and Death Among Patients With Pregnancy-Associated vs Non-Pregnancy-Associated Stroke; ImportanceWomen with pregnancy-associated stroke might have different risks of stroke recurrence, including during subsequent pregnancies, and other cardiovascular events due to pregnancy-specific stroke risk factors, such as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, or gestational diabetes. ObjectiveTo estimate the rate of stroke recurrence, cardiovascular hospitalization, and death in women with pregnancy-associated stroke compared with women with non-pregnancy-associated stroke. Design, Setting, and ParticipantsThis cohort study included all women aged 15 to 49 years in France who were affiliated with the general scheme of French health care insurance (94% of women) and had a first hospitalization for stroke between January 1, 2010, and December 31, 2018. Women were followed up until December 31, 2020, with the registration of stroke recurrence, hospitalization for cardiovascular conditions, and death. Data were from the French health care database Systeme National des Donnees de Sante. Statistical analyses were conducted between December 2021 and September 2022. ExposurePregnancy status at the time of stroke. Main Outcomes and MeasuresPoisson regressions were used to estimate incidence rates of these events with 95% CIs. We used Cox proportional hazards regression models to estimate the hazard ratios (HRs) of each event during the follow-up for women with a pregnancy-associated stroke vs women with a non-pregnancy-associated stroke. ResultsAmong women aged between 15 and 49 years between 2010 and 2018 and living in France, 1204 had a pregnancy-associated stroke at a mean (SD) age of 31.5 (5.8) years, and 31697 had a non-pregnancy-associated stroke at a mean age of 39.6 (8.2) years. Among the 1204 women with a pregnancy-associated stroke, the incidence rate was 11.4 (95% CI, 9.0-14.3) per 1000 person-years, with 2 recurrent events during a subsequent pregnancy. Compared with women with non-pregnancy-associated stroke, women with pregnancy-associated stroke had lower risks of ischemic stroke (adjusted HR, 0.53; 95% CI, 0.36-0.77), cardiovascular events (adjusted HR, 0.58; 95% CI, 0.49-0.69), and death (adjusted HR, 0.42; 95% CI, 0.22-0.79). In contrast, the risk of recurrent intracerebral hemorrhage and cerebral venous thrombosis did not differ significantly, whereas the risks of venous thromboembolism (HR, 2.02; 95% CI, 1.14-3.58) and acute coronary syndrome with ST-segment elevation (HR, 3.93; 95% CI, 1.10-14.0) were increased. Conclusions and RelevanceIn this cohort study, although the risks of ischemic stroke, overall cardiovascular events, and mortality were lower after a pregnancy-associated stroke than after a non-pregnancy-associated stroke, the risks of venous thromboembolism and acute coronary syndrome with ST-segment elevation were higher. Recurrent stroke during a subsequent pregnancy remained rare.
Finger pulse plethysmography predicts gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes; Background:Pregnancy complications related to hypertension can affect both mother and newborn. Pulse wave attenuation (PWA) captured through fingertip photoplethysmography (PPG) provide valuable insights into maternal acute hemodynamic and autonomic vascular function. Here, we quantify the nocturnal dynamics of PWA during early pregnancy and assess their association with the development of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Methods:PWA dynamics were assessed on overnight polysomnography-derived PPG signals from a cohort of 2714 pregnant women (mean age: 26.8 +/- 5.5 years) enrolled in the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-to-Be (nuMoM2b). We determined the average duration (PWAduration) and depth (PWAdepth) of PWA events in all women. Results:Odds ratio (OR) analysis-adjusted common confounders indicates that an average PWAduration greater than 8.74 s was associated with the increased risk of gestational hypertension [OR = 1.75 (1.27-2.39), P < 0.001]. Similarly, average PWAdepth greater than 1.19 was associated with an increased risk of preeclampsia [OR = 1.53 (1.01-2.33), P = 0.045] and gestational diabetes [OR = 1.66 (1.01-2.73), P = 0.044]. Conclusion:PWA attenuation dynamics during early pregnancy predict the risk of developing gestational hypertension and diabetes condition for women in their later trimesters. Potentially obtainable from smart wearable consumer devices, PWA analysis offers a low-cost, accessible and scalable marker that can enhance the management of pregnancy-induced cardiometabolic issues.
Long-term risk of type 2 diabetes in relation to habitual iron intake in women with a history of gestational diabetes: a prospective cohort study; Background: An iron overload may induce pancreatic islet damage and increase risk of diabetes. Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) after pregnancy. Objective: We aimed to examine the association of habitual iron intake with long-term risk of T2DM in this high-risk population. Design: We included 3976 women with a history of GDM from the Nurses' Health Study II cohort as part of the ongoing Diabetes & Women's Health Study. The women were followed up through 2009. Iron intake was assessed with the use of a validated food frequency questionnaire in 1991 and every 4 y thereafter. We used Cox proportional hazards models to estimate HRs and 95% CIs. Results: We documented 641 incident T2DM cases during 57,683 person-years of observation. Adjusted HRs for T2DM for the highest quartile compared with the lowest quartile were 1.64 (95% CI: 1.20, 2.25; P-trend = 0.02) for total iron intake and 1.80 (95% CI: 1.18, 2.74; P-trend = 0.005) for dietary heme iron intake. In addition, women who consumed >= 30.0 mg supplemental Fe/d, compared with nonusers, had an adjusted HR of 1.83 (95% CI: 1.25, 2.70; P-trend = 0.002). Conclusion: In women with a history of GDM, greater intakes of total iron, dietary heme iron, and supplemental iron were associated with higher risk of T2DM.
Breastfeeding Associated with Lower Prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome in Women with Gestational Diabetes in the Very Early Postpartum Period; Objective The aim of this study is to examine the association of breastfeeding with metabolic syndrome (MetS) in women with recent gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the very early postpartum (PP) period. Study Design We performed a secondary analysis of the Balance After Baby Intervention (BABI) study which enrolled women with recent GDM. Data collected during an early (similar to 8 weeks) PP visit were used in this analysis. At this visit, weight, height, waist circumference (WC), blood pressure (BP), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), and lipids were obtained. MetS was classified per National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Program III (NCEP-ATP III) criteria. We defined breastfeeding as currently breastfeeding or not currently breastfeeding for the main analysis. Results Of 181 women enrolled in BABI, 178 were included in this analysis (3 excluded for missing lipids). Thirty-four percent were Hispanic. Of non-Hispanics, 31.5% were White, 18.5% Asian, and 12.9% Black/African American. The prevalence of MetS was 42.9% in women not breastfeeding versus 17.1% in women breastfeeding ( p < 0.001; adjusted odds ratio [aOR] = 0.16 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.06-0.41]). Breastfeeding women had significantly lower odds of FPG >= 100 mg/dL (aOR = 0.36 [95% CI: 0.14-0.95], p = 0.039), HDL < 50 mg/dL (aOR = 0.19 [95% CI: 0.08-0.46], p < 0.001), and triglycerides (TG) >= 150 mg/dL (aOR = 0.26 [95% CI: 0.10-0.66], p = 0.005). When evaluated as continuous variables, WC, FPG, and TG were significantly lower and HDL significantly higher in women breastfeeding in the very early PP period (vs. not breastfeeding). Conclusion In a diverse population of women with recent GDM, there was lower prevalence of MetS in women breastfeeding compared with those not breastfeeding in the very early PP period. This study extends the findings of an association of breastfeeding with MetS previously reported at time points more remote from pregnancy to the very early PP period and to an ethnically and racially diverse population.
Cardiomyopathy and cardiac function in fetuses and newborns of diabetic mothers; Objective: To evaluate cardiac function and structural changes in children of diabetic mothers in the fetal and neonatal period using Doppler-echocardiographic data. Method: A prospective, descriptive observational study conducted in a private and tertiary care service for high-risk pregnant women. It included 48 children of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) considered clinically compensated during pregnancy, with a single fetus and absence of malformations. Myocardial thickness, shortening fraction, left ventricular (LVMPI) and right ventricular (RVMPI) myocardial performance index, and mitral and tricuspid valve E/A ratio were evaluated in 96 echocardiographic exams with Doppler. Results: The hypertrophic cardiomyopathy was 29% vs 6% p= 0.006 in the prenatal and postnatal periods respectively. The shortening fraction was 0% vs 6% p = 0.242 in the fetuses and newborns respectively. The myocardial performance index of the right ventricle was 12% vs 54% p <= 0.001, and on the left ventricle 27% vs 60% p = 0.001 in the prenatal and postnatal periods respectively. The ratio of mitral valve E/A waves was 6% vs 50% p <= 0.001 and the ratio of tricuspid valve E/A waves was 0% vs 27% p <= 0.001 in the fetuses and newborns respectively. Conclusion: A decrease in the rate of myocardial hypertrophy and changes in cardiac function parameters were observed in the fetal and neonatal periods. (C) 2020 Sociedade Brasileira de Pediatria. Published by Elsevier Editora Ltda.
Pregnancy As a Predictor of Maternal Cardiovascular Disease: The Era of CardioObstetrics; Globally, cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the most common cause of mortality in women accounting for one in three deaths. There remains an under recognition of CVD as well as a lack of awareness of risk in women. Promotion of CVD prevention is essential, but the current risk assessment tools do not incorporate any sex-specific cardiovascular risk factors. There is increasing recognition of sex-specific risk factors that appear during pregnancy that are associated with CVD. These adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) include preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant, miscarriage, and high parity number. Although the underlying biological mechanism for these association remains to be elucidated, current international guidelines are beginning to recommend the inclusion of APOs in the assessment of CVD risk in women. This review summarizes the evidence for the association between APOs and future CVD. It also highlights the importance of considering APOs in the cardiovascular risk assessment, specifically in young women, allowing for targeted lifestyle-modifying interventions with the potential to alter their risk trajectory and improve their long-term cardiovascular health.
Variation in Prevalence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Among Hospital Discharges for Obstetric Delivery Across 23 States in the United States; OBJECTIVE-To examine variability in diagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevalence at delivery by race/ethnicity and state. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-We used data from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project State Inpatient Databases for 23 states of the United States with available race/ethnicity data for 2008 to examine age-adjusted and race-adjusted rates of GDM by state. We used multilevel analysis to examine factors that explain the variability in GDM between states. RESULTS-Age-adjusted and race-adjusted GDM rates (per 100 deliveries) varied widely between states, ranging from 3.47 in Utah to 7.15 in Rhode Island. Eighty-six percent of the variability in GDM between states was explained as follows: 14.7% by age; 11.8% by race/ethnicity; 5.9% by insurance; and 2.9% by interaction between race/ethnicity and insurance at the individual level; 17.6% by hospital level factors; 27.4% by the proportion of obese women in the state; 4.3% by the proportion of Hispanic women aged 15-44 years in the state; and 1.5% by the proportion of white non-Hispanic women aged 15-44 years in the state. CONCLUSIONS-Our results suggest that GDM rates differ by state, with this variation attributable to differences in obesity at the population level (or "at the state level"), age, race/ethnicity, hospital, and insurance.
Elevated plasma soluble (pro)renin receptor levels are associated with left ventricular remodeling and renal function in chronic heart failure patients with reduced ejection fraction; Soluble (pro)renin receptor [s(P)RR], which is generated from cleavage of (P)RR, can be detected in plasma and urine. s(P)RR levels can reflect the severity of some diseases, such as renal lesions, gestational diabetes mellitus or hypertension, and obstructive sleep apnea syndrome. However, the relationship between s(P)RR levels and the severity of chronic heart failure remains undetermined. We studied s(P)RR levels in 118 patients with chronic heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF), including 86 without renal dysfunction (HF) and 32 with renal dysfunction (HF + RF), and 28 healthy subjects (HS) to reveal the relationship between s(P)RR levels and other HFrEF parameters. Plasma s(P)RR levels were 22.2 +/- 4.1 ng/mL (HS), 26.4 +/- 5.3 ng/mL (HF) and 30.0 +/- 5.3 ng/mL (HF + RF). Plasma s(P)RR levels were significantly higher in the HF group than in the HS group (P < 0.001) and even more increased in the HF + RF group (P < 0.001 vs. the HS group and P < 0.05 vs. the HF group). Multivariate regression analysis revealed that the left ventricular mass index (LVMI) and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) were independently related to s(P)RR levels in HFrEF patients. In conclusion, high plasma s(P)RR levels are associated with left ventricular remodeling and, especially, with renal dysfunction. Therefore, s(P)RR is a promising evaluative indicator for the severity of HFrEF patients.
Prepregnancy Dietary Protein Intake, Major Dietary Protein Sources, and the Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus A prospective cohort study; OBJECTIVE-Dietary protein is an important modulator of glucose metabolism. However, studies regarding the association between dietary protein intake and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk are sparse. This study was to examine the association. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-Our study included 21,457 singleton pregnancies reported among 15,294 participants of the Nurses' Health Study II cohort between 1991 and 2001. Included pregnancies were free of chronic diseases before pregnancy or previous GDM. Generalized estimating equations were used to estimate the relative risks (RRs) and 95% CIs. RESULTS-After adjustment for age, parity, nondietary and dietary factors, and BMI, multivariable RRs (95% CIs) comparing the highest with lowest quintiles were 1.49 (1.03-2.17) for animal protein intake and 0.69 (0.50-0.97) for vegetable protein intake. The substitution of 5% energy from vegetable protein for animal protein was associated with a 51% lower risk of GDM (RR [95% CI], 0.49 [0.29-0.84]). For major dietary protein sources, multivariable RRs (95% CIs) comparing the highest with the lowest quintiles were 2.05 (1.55-2.73) for total red meat and 0.73 (0.56-0.95) for nuts, respectively. The substitution of red meat with poultry, fish, nuts, or legumes showed a significantly lower risk of GDM. CONCLUSIONS-Higher intake of animal protein, in particular red meat, was significantly associated with a greater risk of GDM. By contrast, higher intake of vegetable protein, specifically nuts, was associated with a significantly lower risk. Substitution of vegetable protein for animal protein, as well as substitution of some healthy protein sources for red meat, was associated with a lower risk of GDM.
NEW STRATEGIES FOR THE TREATMENT OF GESTATIONAL DIABETES; The approach to gestational diabetes mellitus has altered markedly in the last decade; it is guided by universal screening and an impetus to establish 24-h euglycemia in these women, through serial measurements of blood glucose by home monitoring and glycated hemoglobin. The best screening and diagnostic procedures for documentation of gestational diabetes remain the subject of considerable debate. Improved outcome has been associated with improved levels of glycemia. While continuous monitoring of blood glucose is not practical, four blood glucose checks per day (fasting and 1 h after the start of each meal) had proven feasible and allowed the development of treatment strategies designed to maintain fasting blood glucose < 80 mg/dl and post-prandial glucose < 140 mg/dl. Diet prescriptions that help achieve these goals include a caloric intake sufficient to avoid the ketonuric threshold (30 kcal/kg in women 80-120% ideal body weight) and less-than-or-equal-to 40% carbohydrate. Seventy-five percent of women with gestational diabetes respond to diet therapy alone. Cardiovascular conditioning exercise for 20 min three times per week has been shown to be useful in lowering both fasting and post-prandial glucose levels. If diet and exercise do not achieve the requisite glucose levels, insulin therapy based on body weight and gestational age is instituted.
A Case of Postnatal Aortic Arch Atresia; Background: Aortic arch atresia is a rare congenital cardiac defect that may occur after birth. Pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus may increase the risk of aortic arch atresia in newborns after birth. Case Description: A 16-day-old infant was referred to our hospital on the 15th postnatal day after an interrupted or atretic aortic arch was discovered. No obvious abnormality was detected in the infant during the prenatal ultrasound. Laboratory tests showed elevated inflammatory marker levels. Transthoracic echocardiography showed stenosis of the transverse arch of the aorta and a blind end at the distal end of the left subclavian artery. During surgery, it was found that the isthmus of the aorta was uninterrupted but completely occluded due to inflammation. Conclusion: This case demonstrates that type A interrupted aortic arch and coarctation of the aorta can be acquired after birth, and if coarctation of the aorta is complicated by inflammation or if the pregnant women have gestational diabetes mellitus, it can result in aortic arch atresia as the patient's condition worsens. It is advised to consider aortic arch atresia when imaging reveals type A interrupted aortic arch.
Cardiovascular Complications of Pregnancy; Pregnancy causes significant metabolic and hemodynamic changes in a woman's physiology to allow for fetal growth. The inability to adapt to these changes might result in the development of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (hypertension, preeclampsia or eclampsia), gestational diabetes and preterm birth. Contrary to previous beliefs these complications are not limited to the pregnancy period and may leave permanent vascular and metabolic damage. There is in addition, a direct association between these disorders and increased risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD, including hypertension, ischemic heart disease, heart failure and stroke) and diabetes mellitus. Despite abundant evidence of this association, women who present with these complications of pregnancy do not receive adequate postpartum follow up and counseling regarding their increased risk of future CVD. The postpartum period in these women represents a unique opportunity to intervene with lifestyle modifications designed to reduce the development of premature cardiovascular complications. In some cases it allows early diagnosis and treatment of chronic hypertension or diabetes mellitus. The awareness of this relationship is growing in the medical community, especially among obstetricians and primary care physicians, who play a pivotal role in detecting these complications and assuring appropriate follow up.
Hormonal choices after gestational diabetes - Subsequent pregnancy, contraception, and hormone replacement; The effects of subsequent states of excess hormone exposure, for example, subsequent pregnancy hormonal contraception, and hormonal replacement therapy on the development of diabetes in women with prior gestational diabetes were assessed. Current literature examining the effect of parity: hormonal contraception, and hormonal replacement therapy in healthy women and women with previous gestational diabetes and current diabetes was reviewed. Subsequent pregnancy in women with prior GDM appears to triple the risk of subsequent diabetes. Low-dose progestin and estrogen combination oral contraceptives do not appear to clinically increase the risk of diabetes. Hormonal replacement therapy appears to provide the greatest reduction in coronary artery disease to women at greatest risk, i.e., those who have developed diabetes. Careful follow-up and metabolic surveillance should be provided when prescribing hormonal contraception or replacement therapy. In women with prior gestational diabetes, exposure to repeat pregnancy poses a greater risk for subsequent diabetes than does either an exposure to low-dose progestin and estrogen combination oral contraceptives or to postmenopausal hormonal therapy, bath of which do not appear to increase the risk of diabetes.
The individual and joint effects of maternal 25(OH)D deficiency and gestational diabetes on infant birth size; Background and aims: To examine the independent effect of maternal serum 25hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] deficiency and its joint effect with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on infant birth size. Methods and results: This retrospective cohort study was conducted in 15,724 mother-offspring dyads in Beijing, China between 2016 and 2017. Outcomes included infant birth weight Z-score (adjusted for gestational age and sex) and large for gestational age (LGA). Exposures were maternal 25(OH)D concentrations. Linear and logistic regression models were used to assess the associations of exposures with continuous and binary outcomes, respectively. Exposure outcome associations were not observed when analyzing 25(OH)D concentrations continuously or in quartiles (P > 0.05); however, mothers with severely deficient 25(OH)D concentrations (n = 307) had a decreased risk of LGA compared with those with sufficient 25(OH)D concentrations (>30.0 ng/mL; n = 5400) (adjusted odds ratio (OR): 0.63; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.42, 0.93). Compared to mothers with no 25(OH)D deficiency (>20.0 ng/mL) and no GDM (n = 7975), those with both 25(OH)D deficiency and GDM (n = 1090) had 0.15 (95% CI: 0.09, 0.21) higher infant birth weight Z-score and a higher risk of LGA (OR: 1.29; 95% CI: 1.09, 1.52). Maternal 25(OH)D deficiency and GDM had additive interaction on the risk of LGA (relative risk due to interaction: 0.18). Conclusion: Mothers with severely deficient 25(OH)D might have a decreased risk of LGA. However, the joint effect of maternal 25(OH)D deficiency and GDM might increase the risk of LGA. Our findings have clinical and public health implications and provide potential directions for future studies. (C) 2020 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A Comparative Study of Eating Habits and Food Intake in Women with Gestational Diabetes according to Early Postpartum Glucose Tolerance Status; Background: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD); continuous life-style intervention, especially diet, is central to managing T2DM and CVD. However, little is known about the dietary patterns of women with GDM after delivery. The goal of this study was to compare the eating habits and food intakes of women diagnosed with GDM during the early postpartum period. Methods: We performed a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in 184 women with GDM between 6 and 12 weeks after delivery. Based on the results of the OGTT, the subjects were divided into three groups according to the American Diabetes Association criteria; normal glucose tolerance (NGT) (n=100), pre-diabetes (n=73), and diabetes mellitus (DM) (n= 11). Eating habits and usual food intake after delivery were investigated using a questionnaire, based on 24 hour-recall, which was administered by a trained dietitian. The daily intake data were analyzed using CAN Pro 3.0. Blood tests were performed pre-and post-delivery. Results: Eating habits were not significantly different among the three groups. However, animal fat consumption was significantly different among the three groups. The intake ratio of fat calories to total calories was also significantly higher in the pre-diabetes and DM groups. Conclusion: Although diet in the period 6 to 12 weeks postpartum did not influence glucose level, it may be important to educate women with GDM about the risks of excessive animal fat intake during pregnancy and the postpartum period in order to prevent later onset of T2DM.
Trends in the Incidence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Among the Medicaid Population Before and During the COVID-19 Pandemic; Importance: Although there are many regional and national studies on the trends in the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the trends in the incidence of GDM among the Medicaid population are lacking, especially before and during coronavirus disease of 2019 (COVID-19). Objective: To investigate the trends in the incidence of GDM before and during COVID-19 pandemic (2016-2021) among the Louisiana Medicaid population. Design, Setting, and Participants: This study included 111,936, Louisiana Medicaid pregnant women of age 18-50 between January 1, 2016, to December 31, 2021. Main Outcomes and Measures: Pregnancies, GDM, and pre-pregnancy diabetes cases were identified by using the Tenth Revisions of the International Classification of Disease code. The annual incidence of GDM and annual prevalence of pre-pregnancy diabetes were calculated for each age and race subgroup. Results: The age-standardized incidence of GDM increased from 10.2% in 2016 to 14.8 in 2020 and decreased to 14.0% in 2021. The age-standardized prevalence of pre-pregnancy diabetes increased from 2.8% in 2016 to 3.4% in 2018 and decreased to 2.3% in 2021. The age-standardized rate of GDM was the highest among Asian women (23.0%), then White women (15.5%), and African American women (13.9%) (p for difference <0.001). The COVID-19 pandemic saw an increase in the incidence of GDM, with a rise in prominent GDM risk factors, such as obesity and sedentary behaviors, suggesting an association. Conclusion and Relevance: The incidence of GDM significantly increased during the COVID-19 pandemic. Potential reasons might include increased sedentary behavior and increased prevalence of obesity. GDM is a major public health issue, and the prevention of GDM is particularly essential for the Louisiana Medicaid population owing to the high prevalence of GDM-related risk factors in this population.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and risk of type 2 diabetes in postmenopausal women; BACKGROUND: Although gestational diabetes mellitus and delivering high-birthweight infants are known to predict a higher risk of future type 2 diabetes mellitus, the association of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and other adverse pregnancy outcomes with type 2 diabetes mellitus is not well established.OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to examine the associations between different types of adverse pregnancy outcomes and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus among postmenopausal women.STUDY DESIGN: The Women's Health Initiative, a nationwide cohort of postmenopausal women, collected self-reported history of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, and delivering low-birthweight (<2500 g) or high-birthweight (>4500 g) infants. Participants were fol-lowed up annually for self-reported incident type 2 diabetes mellitus treated with medication from baseline (1993-1998) to March 2021. This study used logistic regression to examine the associations of any and individual adverse pregnancy outcomes with diabetes mellitus. Stratified analyses were performed to assess effect modification by body mass index, race and ethnicity, education, parity, breastfeeding, and age at first birth.RESULTS: This analysis included 49,717 women without a history of diabetes mellitus at enrollment who had a least 1 pregnancy and responded to the questionnaire about adverse pregnancy outcomes. After adjusting for body mass index, demographic, lifestyle, and reproductive factors, gestational diabetes mellitus (odds ratio, 2.26; 95% confidence interval, 1.94-2.63), high birthweight (odds ratio, 1.30; 95% confidence interval, 1.18-1.44), and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio, 1.18; 95% confidence interval, 1.08-1.30) were independently associated with higher odds of type 2 diabetes mellitus, whereas preterm birth and low birthweight were not associated with diabetes mellitus risk. A history of >= 2 adverse pregnancy outcomes was associated with higher odds of type 2 diabetes mellitus (odds ratio, 1.55; 95% confidence interval, 1.28-1.88). This study further observed higher odds of type 2 diabetes mellitus (odds ratio, 3.69; 95% confidence interval, 2.38-5.70) among women with a history of both gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy than those without any adverse pregnancy outcomes.CONCLUSION: Postmenopausal women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, those delivering high-birthweight infants, or those with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are at risk of future type 2 diabetes mellitus. In addition, women with >= 2 conditions had an augmented risk and might be prioritized for screening and prevention efforts for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Gestational diabetes, inflammation, and late vascular disease; Physiological changes of pregnancy include insulin resistance and activation of the innate immunity with an inflammatory response. The working hypothesis is that the sub-clinical inflammation associated with excessive adiposity may favor the development of gestational diabetes (GDM) and Type 2 diabetes and other metabolic abnormalities related to cardiovascular disease later in life. In this paper we review the complex interrelationship among inflammatory markers, metabolic syndrome, and endothelium dysfunction in women with GDM and discuss if women with previous GDM (pGDM) could be considered at risk for cardiovascular diseases. MEDLINE was searched for articles relating GDM and the adipokines (tumor necrosis factor-alpha and adiponectin) as well as the acute-phase inflammatory biomarker C-reactive protein that contribute to the development of diabetic pregnancy and vascular complications. However, to date, in pGDM women no prospective study is available, to corroborate the hypothesis that inflammatory pattern could be taken as predictor of cardiovascular disease later in life. Therefore, our paper should provide arguments to perform follow-up programs to prevent cardiovascular events in women with pGDM. Control of body weight, regular physical exercise are indeed powerful intervention tools able at improving insulin sensitivity and reduce sub-clinical inflammation, both involved in the patoghenesis of cardiovascular disease.
Metabolomic Profiles of Nonobese and Obese Women With Gestational Diabetes; Context In non-pregnant population, nonobese individuals with obesity-related metabolome have increased risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. The risk of these diseases is also increased after gestational diabetes. Objective This work aimed to examine whether nonobese (body mass index [BMI] < 30) and obese (BMI >= 30) women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obese non-GDM women differ in metabolomic profiles from nonobese non-GDM controls. Methods Levels of 66 metabolic measures were assessed in early (median 13, IQR 12.4-13.7 gestation weeks), and across early, mid (20, 19.3-23.0), and late (28, 27.0-35.0) pregnancy blood samples in 755 pregnant women from the PREDO and RADIEL studies. The independent replication cohort comprised 490 pregnant women. Results Nonobese and obese GDM, and obese non-GDM women differed similarly from the controls across early, mid, and late pregnancy in 13 measures, including very low-density lipoprotein-related measures, and fatty acids. In 6 measures, including fatty acid (FA) ratios, glycolysis-related measures, valine, and 3-hydroxybutyrate, the differences between obese GDM women and controls were more pronounced than the differences between nonobese GDM or obese non-GDM women and controls. In 16 measures, including HDL-related measures, FA ratios, amino acids, and inflammation, differences between obese GDM or obese non-GDM women and controls were more pronounced than the differences between nonobese GDM women and controls. Most differences were evident in early pregnancy, and in the replication cohort were more often in the same direction than would be expected by chance alone. Conclusion Differences between nonobese and obese GDM, or obese non-GDM women and controls in metabolomic profiles may allow detection of high-risk women for timely targeted preventive interventions.
Prenatal exercise for the prevention of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension (GH) and pre-eclampsia (PE) are associated with short and long-term health issues for mother and child; prevention of these complications is critically important. This study aimed to perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of the relationships between prenatal exercise and GDM, GH and PE. Design Systematic review with random effects meta-analysis and meta-regression. Data sources Online databases were searched up to 6 January 2017. Study eligibility criteria Studies of all designs were included (except case studies) if published in English, Spanish or French, and contained information on the Population (pregnant women without contraindication to exercise), Intervention (subjective or objective measures of frequency, intensity, duration, volume or type of exercise, alone [exercise-only] or in combination with other intervention components [e.g., dietary; exercise + co-intervention]), Comparator (no exercise or different frequency, intensity, duration, volume and type of exercise) and Outcomes (GDM, GH, PE). Results A total of 106 studies (n=273182) were included. Moderate' to high'-quality evidence from randomised controlled trials revealed that exercise-only interventions, but not exercise+cointerventions, reduced odds of GDM (n=6934; OR 0.62, 95%CI 0.52 to 0.75), GH (n=5316; OR 0.61, 95%CI 0.43 to 0.85) and PE (n=3322; OR 0.59, 95%CI 0.37 to 0.9) compared with no exercise. To achieve at least a 25% reduction in the odds of developing GDM, PE and GH, pregnant women need to accumulate at least 600 MET-min/week of moderate-intensity exercise (eg, 140min of brisk walking, water aerobics, stationary cycling or resistance training). Summary/conclusions In conclusion, exercise-only interventions were effective at lowering the odds of developing GDM, GH and PE.
Imbalance of the autonomic nervous system at night in women with gestational diabetes; P>Aims Autonomic nervous system dysfunction is observed in Type 2 diabetes. As gestational diabetes is a potent risk factor of later Type 2 diabetes, we set out to determine whether autonomic nervous system imbalance could already be observed in women with this condition. Because activity of the sympathetic nervous system tends to be relatively stable in the nocturnal hours, we performed the study at night. Research design and methods We studied 41 women with gestational diabetes, 22 healthy pregnant controls and 14 non-pregnant controls. We assayed plasma noradrenaline at 24.00, 04.00 and 07.00 h and performed an overnight Holter recording for heart rate variability analysis. In addition, we assayed plasma adrenomedullin, a cardiovascular protective hormone. Results Compared with non-pregnant controls, plasma noradrenaline levels were increased at 04.00 and 07.00 h in the gestational diabetic (P = 0.003) and pregnant control (P = 0.002) groups, with no difference between them. Heart rate variability, very-low-frequency and low-frequency power were lower in pregnant groups compared to the non-pregnant controls. Heart rate variability remained unchanged between specified sampling times in the gestational diabetic group, in contrast to fluctuation seen in the control groups. Conclusions Gestational diabetes, compared with normal pregnancy, seems not to be a state of overall sympathetic nervous system activation. At the heart level, however, an inhibitory effect on autonomic nervous system modulation was seen. Plasma noradrenaline and heart rate variability correlated well, supporting the use of this function in future studies of overall sympathetic activity during pregnancy.
Previous gestational diabetes history is associated with impaired coronary flow reserve; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prediabetic state that is known to increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases. We have investigated coronary flow velocity reserve (CFVR) and epicardial fat thickness (EFT), and left ventricular diastolic function in patients with a history of previous GDM (p-GDM). Methods Ninety-three women with GDM history and 95 healthy women without GDM history were recruited. We used transthoracic Doppler echocardiography to assess CFVR, EFT, and left ventricular diastolic function. Insulin resistance of each subject was assessed with homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Hemoglobin A1c and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) were also measured in all patients. Results CFVR values were significantly lower (2.34 +/- 0.39 versus 2.80 +/- 0.24, p<0.001) and EFT values were significantly higher in patients with p-GDM than the control group (5.5 +/- 1.3 versus 4.3 +/- 1.1, p<0.001). E/E' ratio (7.21 +/- 1.77 versus 6.53 +/- 1.38, p = 0.003), hemoglobin A1c (5.2 +/- 0.4 and 5.0 +/- 0.3, p = 0.001), HOMA-IR (2.8 +/- 1.4 versus 1.7 +/- 0.9, p = 0.04), and hsCRP levels were significantly higher in the p-GDM group than the control group. Multivariate analysis revealed that gestational diabetes history is independently associated with CFVR. Conclusion Women with a GDM history may be at more risk regarding coronary microvascular dysfunction compared to the healthy ones.
Metformin in Pulmonary Hypertension in Left Heart Disease; Metformin is ubiquitously used in the management of Type II Diabetes Mellitus (DMII). Over the years, our growing knowledge of its therapeutic potential has broadened its use to the treatment of infertility in polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes, and even obesity. Recently, it has been suggested as a novel therapy in cardiovascular disease (CVD). Given that CVD is the leading cause of death in patients with DMII, with similar to 75% dying from a cardiovascular event, the intersection of DMII and CVD provides a unique therapeutic target. In particular, pulmonary hypertension (PH) related to CVD (Group II PH) may be an optimal target for metformin therapy. The objective of this review article is to provide an overview of the pathophysiology of PH related to left heart disease (PH-LHD), outline the proposed pathophysiologic mechanism of insulin resistance in heart failure and PH-LHD, and evaluate the role metformin may have in heart failure and PH-LHD.
Improving cardiometabolic and mental health in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring: study protocol for <i>MySweetHeart Trial</i>, a randomised controlled trial; Introduction Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) carries prenatal and perinatal risk for the mother and her offspring as well as longer-term risks for both the mother (obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease) and her child (obesity, type 2 diabetes). Compared with women without GDM, women with GDM are twice as likely to develop perinatal or postpartum depression. Lifestyle interventions for GDM are generally limited to physical activity and/or nutrition, often focus separately on the mother or the child and take place either during or after pregnancy, while their results are inconsistent. To increase efficacy of intervention, the multifactorial origins of GDM and the tight link between mental and metabolic as well as maternal and child health need to be heeded. This calls for an interdisciplinary transgenerational approach starting in, but continuing beyond pregnancy. Methods and analysis This randomised controlled trial will assess the effect of a multidimensional interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention aimed at improving the metabolic and mental health of 200 women with GDM and their offspring. Women with GDM at 24-32 weeks gestational age who understand French or English, and their offspring and partners can participate. The intervention components will be delivered on top of usual care during pregnancy and the first year postpartum. Metabolic and mental health outcomes will be measured at 24-32 weeks of pregnancy, shortly after birth and at 6-8 weeks and 1 year after childbirth. Data will be analysed using intention-to-treat analyses. The MySweetHeart Trial is linked to the MySweetHeart Cohort (clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02872974). Ethics and dissemination We will disseminate the findings through regional, national and international conferences and through peer-reviewed journals.
Low physical activity levels 1 year after pregnancy complications; Objectives: Women with previous preeclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GH), or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Physical activity (PA) is an important CVD risk modifier. We aimed to assess PA levels, using a validated objective method, and other modifiable CVD risk factors in women with these previous pregnancy complications. Study design: One year postpartum we assessed PA levels for 1 week in women with previous PE (n = 68), GH (n = 26), GDM (n = 23), and normotensive pregnancies (n = 65), using the ActiGraph-wGT3X-BTTM accelerometer. Outcome measures: We assessed adherence to American PA guidelines (>150 min/week of moderate or >75 min/ week of vigorous intensity PA), and time spent in moderate and vigorous PA. We also assessed steps/day, blood pressure and anthropometric indices. Results: Recommended PA levels were achieved in only 50%, 39%, and 35% following PE, GH, and GDM, respectively, not significantly different from controls (52%). Differences in moderate and vigorous PA levels and steps/day between the groups were non-significant, except from lower vigorous PA in women with previous GDM. Elevated blood pressure (systolic BP > 120 mmHg and/or diastolic BP > 80 mmHg) was more common after PE and GH. Overweight rates were significantly higher in PE, GH, and GDM groups compared to controls. Conclusions: Less than half of women achieved recommended PA levels 1 year postpartum. This did not differ significantly between women with previous PE, GH, or GDM compared to controls. Measures to increase PA in postpartum women are warranted, especially in women with pregnancy complications associated with high risk of premature CVD.
Urine albumin-creatinine ratio in women with gestational diabetes: Its link with glycaemic status; BackgroundMicro-albuminuria has been established as a marker for micro-vascular disease. Spot urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR), even in the high normal range, predicts future cardiovascular events. The value of UACR in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during pregnancy is uncertain. AimThe objectives of this study were to assess the associations between UACR (performed at the time of GDM diagnosis) and various maternal parameters and to evaluate its correlation with pregnancy outcomes. Materials and MethodsWe conducted a retrospective review of women with GDM who attended antenatal clinics at a single centre between March 2010 and September 2013. ResultsAmong 1015 women included in this study, high UACR levels were associated with advancing maternal age, maternal obesity, gestational hypertension, elevated glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and high fasting glucose level. After adjustments for various maternal factors, only advancing age, HbA1c and fasting glucose level were associated with UACR. In terms of pregnancy outcomes, elevated UACR was not associated with adverse events, but was a predictor for pre-eclampsia. ConclusionsThe finding that UACR was associated with glycaemic status in women with GDM suggests early micro-vascular disease may be present in women who had greater degree of hyperglycaemia. This raises the question of whether women with GDM and elevated UACR may be at higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease in the future. Long-term follow-up of this subgroup of women would be worthwhile.
The impact of gestational diabetes on functional capacity of the infant gut microbiome is modest and transient; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a metabolic complication that manifests as hyperglycemia during the later stages of pregnancy. In high resource settings, careful management of GDM limits risk to the pregnancy, and hyperglycemia typically resolves after birth. At the same time, previous studies have revealed that the gut microbiome of infants born to mothers who experienced GDM exhibit reduced diversity and reduction in the abundance of several key taxa, including Lactobacillus. What is not known is what the functional consequences of these changes might be. In this case control study, we applied 16S rRNA sequence surveys and metatranscriptomics to profile the gut microbiome of 30 twelve-month-old infants - 16 from mothers with GDM, 14 from mothers without - to examine the impact of GDM during pregnancy. Relative to the mode of delivery and sex of the infant, maternal GDM status had a limited impact on the structure and function of the developing microbiome. While GDM samples were associated with a decrease in alpha diversity, we observed no effect on beta diversity and no differentially abundant taxa. Further, while the mode of delivery and sex of infant affected the expression of multiple bacterial pathways, much of the impact of GDM status on the function of the infant microbiome appears to be lost by twelve months of age. These data may indicate that, while mode of delivery appears to impact function and diversity for longer than anticipated, GDM may not have persistent effects on the function nor composition of the infant gut microbiome.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine and arginine metabolites in women with and without a history of gestational diabetes; Aims: Dysregulation of arginine metabolism, as evidenced by increased circulating levels of asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA), has been proposed as an early event in the natural history of cardiovascular disease. Since the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a patient population at increased future risk of cardiovascular disease later in life, we sought to characterize arginine metabolism in women with and without a history of recent GDM. Methods: In this prospective observational cohort study, 225 women (72 who had GDM; 153 who did not) underwent cardiometabolic characterization, including oral glucose tolerance test, at 1- and 3-years postpartum. Circulating ADMA and its stereoisomer symmetric dimethylarginine (SDMA) were measured by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry at both visits. Results: Serum ADMA and SDMA were not significantly different between the GDM and non-GDM groups at either 1-year or 3-years postpartum. On multiple linear regression analyses, high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (t = -2.62, p = 0.009) and creatinine (t = -2.62, p = 0.01) were independently associated with ADMA at 3-years, while creatinine (t = 7.09, p < 0.0001) and BMI (t = -2.24, p = 0.026) predicted SDMA. Conclusion: Women with recent GDM do not exhibit altered serum concentrations of ADMA or SDMA at 1- and 3-years postpartum, suggesting that ADMA dysregulation is not a feature of their cardiometabolic profile in the early years after delivery. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Evaluation of prenatal changes in fetal cardiac morphology and function in maternal diabetes mellitus using a novel fetal speckle-tracking analysis: a prospective cohort study; Background Due to metabolic changes in the second trimester and the increasing number of pregnant women with obesity and advanced maternal age, the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains high. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of GDM on fetal cardiac morphology and function, and to determine whether these changes increase with increasing estimated fetal weight (EFW). Methods Fifty-eight women with GDM (GDM group) and 58 women with a healthy pregnancy (control group) were included in this prospective observational cohort study. Each group included subgroups of 31 pregnant women with a gestational age between 24(+0) weeks and 27(+6) weeks as well as 27 pregnant women with a gestational age between 28(+0) weeks and 40(+0) weeks. For all fetuses, a cine of 2-3 s in the four-chamber view was obtained, and online speckle-tracking analysis was performed using the GE Automatic Fetal Heart Assessment Tool (fetal HQ; General Electric Healthcare Ultrasound, Zipf, Austria) to measure the global sphericity index (GSI), global longitudinal strain (GLS), fractional area change (FAC), 24-segment sphericity index (SI), and 24-segment end-diastolic diameter of the left ventricle (LV) and right ventricle (RV). Data were analyzed using the independent t-test and Wilcoxon rank-sum test, as applicable. Results The GDM group (mean HbA1c value was 5.3 +/- 0.57 mmol/L) showed a lower GSI value than the control group (1.21 vs. 1.27, P = 0.000), which indicated a rounder shape of the heart. In addition, fetuses in the GDM group demonstrated significant impairment in cardiac function compared to those in the control group (LV-GLS: -18.26% vs. -22.70%, RV-GLS: -18.52% vs. -22.74%, LV-FAC: 35.30% vs. 42.36%, RV-FAC: 30.89% vs. 36.80%; P = 0.000 for all). Subgroup analyses according to gestational age (24(+0)-27(+6) weeks and 28(+0)-40(+0) weeks) showed that the statistical differences were retained between the GDM and control groups in each subgroup. Conclusions Fetuses of women with GDM present with signs of biventricular systolic dysfunction according to deformation analysis using fetal HQ. Additionally, the heart had a rounder shape in the GDM group than in the control group. This study showed that fetal HQ can be used to assess fetal cardiac morphology and function easily and quickly, and the effects of GDM on fetal cardiac morphology and function appeared from the second trimester. Thus, whether earlier and stricter clinical intervention was necessary remained to be further studied. Furthermore, future studies will need to supplement the effects of blood glucose levels on GLS, FAC, GSI, and 24-segment SI. Additionally, the long-term follow-up after birth should also be improved to observe the influence of changes in the indicators on the prognosis.
A randomized lifestyle intervention preventing gestational diabetes: effects on self-rated health from pregnancy to postpartum; Introduction: The purpose was to examine the effects of a randomized lifestyle intervention on self-rated health from pregnancy to postpartum in participants at high risk for gestational diabetes mellitus.Methods: We included 266 women with a history of gestational diabetes and/or prepregnancy BMI30kg/m(2). The intervention group (n=144) received individualized counseling on diet, physical activity, and weight management from trained nurses at six timepoints between the first trimester of pregnancy and 12 months postpartum, and met three times with a dietitian. The control group (n=122) received standard antenatal care. We assessed self-rated health at the six timepoints by means of a single question with five response options ranging from good (1) to poor (5). Baseline-adjusted mean changes in self-rated health level were assessed with a mixed model for repeated measure methods.Results: The mean (SD) for self-rated health at baseline was 1.8 (0.8) in the intervention group and 2.1 (0.9) in the control group (p=0.006). Self-rated health varied over time (time effect p<0.001) and was the poorest in the third trimester. The sample indicated that self-rated health improved in the intervention group and deteriorated in the control group from the first trimester to 12 months postpartum, but the difference between the groups did not reach statistical significance (group effect p=0.064).Discussion: The self-rated health level varied over time from the first trimester of pregnancy to 12 months postpartum in women at risk for gestational diabetes. Improving self-rated health among high-risk pregnant women through lifestyle intervention calls for further research.
Divergent Trajectories of Cardiovascular Risk Factors in the Years Before Pregnancy in Women With and Without Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Population-Based Study; OBJECTIVE Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an elevated lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease, which has been attributed to an adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile that is apparent even within the first year postpartum. Given its presence in the early postpartum, we hypothesized that this adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile may develop over time in the years before pregnancy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS With population-based administrative databases, we identified all nulliparous women in Ontario, Canada, who had singleton pregnancies between January 2011 and December 2016 and two or more measurements of the following analytes between 2007 and the start of pregnancy: A1C, fasting glucose, random glucose, lipids, and transaminases. This population consisted of 8,047 women who developed GDM and 93,114 women who did not. RESULTS The two most recent pregravid tests were performed at a median of 0.61 years and 1.86 years before pregnancy, respectively. Women who went on to develop GDM had higher pregravid A1C, fasting glucose, random glucose, LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, and ALT and lower HDL cholesterol than their peers (allP< 0.0001). Notably, in the years before pregnancy, women who went on to develop GDM had higher annual increases than their peers in A1C (1.9-fold higher) (difference 0.0089%/year [95% CI 0.0043-0.0135]) and random glucose (4.3-fold), greater annual decrease in HDL cholesterol (5.5-fold), and lesser annual decline in LDL cholesterol (0.4-fold) (allP <= 0.0002). During this time, fasting glucose and triglycerides increased in women who developed GDM but decreased in their peers (bothP< 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS The adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile of women with GDM evolves over time in the years before pregnancy.
The Use of Machine Learning in MicroRNA Diagnostics: Current Perspectives; MicroRNAs constitute small non-coding RNAs that play a pivotal role in regulating the translation and degradation of mRNA and have been associated with many diseases. Artificial Intelligence (AI) is an evolving cluster of interrelated fields, with machine learning (ML) standing out as one of the most prominent AI fields, with a plethora of applications in almost every aspect of human life. ML could be defined as computer algorithms that learn from past data to predict future data. This review comprehensively reviews the current applications of microRNA-based ML models in healthcare. The majority of the identified studies investigated the role of microRNA-based ML models in the management of cancer and specifically gastric cancer (maximum diagnostic accuracy (Accmax): 94%), pancreatic cancer (Accmax: 93%), colorectal cancer (Accmax: 100%), breast cancer (Accmax: 97%), ovarian cancer, neck squamous cell carcinoma, liver cancer, lung cancer (Accmax: 100%), and melanoma. Except for cancer, microRNA-based ML models have been applied for a plethora of other diseases, including ulcerative colitis (Accmax: 92.8%), endometriosis, gestational diabetes mellitus (Accmax: 86%), hearing loss, ischemic stroke, coronary heart disease (Accmax: 96%), tuberculosis, pulmonary arterial hypertension (Accmax: 83%), dementia (Accmax: 82.9%), major cardiovascular events in end-stage renal disease patients, and alcohol dependence (Accmax: 79.1%). Our findings suggest that the development of microRNA-based ML models could be used to enhance the diagnostic accuracy of a plethora of diseases while at the same time substituting or minimizing the use of more invasive diagnostic means (such as endoscopy). Even not as fast as anticipated, AI will eventually infiltrate the entire healthcare industry. AI is the key to a clinical practice where medicine's inherent complexity is embraced. Therefore, AI will become a reality that physicians should conform with to avoid becoming obsolete.
Dulce Mothers: an intervention to reduce diabetes and cardiovascular risk in Latinas after gestational diabetes; Latina women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at elevated risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. Few primary prevention programs are designed for low socioeconomic status, Spanish-speaking populations. We examined the effectiveness of a Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) translation in low-income Latinas with a history of GDM. Eighty-four Latinas, 18-45 years old with GDM in the past 3 years, underwent an 8-week peer-educator-led group intervention, with tailoring for Latino culture and recent motherhood. Lifestyle changes and diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors were assessed at study baseline, month 3 and month 6. Participants showed significant improvements in lipids, blood pressure, physical activity, dietary fat intake, and fatalistic and cultural diabetes beliefs (p<0.05). Formative evaluation provides preliminary evidence of program acceptability. A peer-led, culturally appropriate DPP translation was effective in improving lifestyle changes and some indicators of cardiovascular and diabetes risk in Latinas with GDM.
Association of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus With Left Ventricular Structure and Function: The CARDIA Study; OBJECTIVEGestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predicts incident cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, mechanisms linking GDM to CVD beyond intervening incident diabetes are not well understood. We examined the relation of GDM with echocardiographic parameters of left ventricular (LV) structure and function, which are important predictors of future CVD risk.RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSWe studied 609 women (43% black) from the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study who delivered one or more births during follow-up and had echocardiograms in 1990-1991 (mean age 28.8 years) and 2010-2011.RESULTSDuring the 20-year follow-up, 965 births were reported, with GDM developing in 64 women (10.5%). In linear regression models adjusted for sociodemographic factors, BMI, physical activity, parity, smoking, use of oral contraceptives, alcohol intake, family history of coronary heart disease, systolic blood pressure, and lipid levels, women with GDM had impaired longitudinal peak strain (-15.0 vs. -15.7%, P = 0.025), circumferential peak strain (-14.8 vs. -15.6%, P = 0.028), lateral e wave velocity (11.0 vs. 11.8 cm/s, P = 0.012), and septal e wave velocity (8.6 vs. 9.3 cm/s, P = 0.015) in 2010-2011 and a greater 20-year increase in LV mass indexed to body surface area (14.3 vs. 6.0 g/m(2), P = 0.006) compared with women with non-GDM pregnancies. Further adjustment for incident type 2 diabetes after pregnancy did not attenuate these associations.CONCLUSIONSPregnancy complicated by GDM is independently associated with increased LV mass and impaired LV relaxation and systolic function. Implementation of postpartum cardiovascular health interventions in women with a history of GDM may offer an additional opportunity to reduce future CVD risk.
Prevalence and determinants of gestational diabetes mellitus among pregnant women in India: an analysis of National Family Health Survey Data; BackgroundGestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a type of diabetes with its first recognition during pregnancy. GDM is a high-risk maternal and neonatal condition which increases the risk of Type 2 diabetes in mothers and their infants. It is essential to detect and treat GDM since its inception when mothers suffer from Type 1 diabetes while carrying the foetus during the gestational period.MethodsThe study analysed individual data from the National Family Health Survey (NFHS) surveyed in 2015-2016 (4th round) and 2019-2021 (5th round) covering a total of approximately 6 lakhs and 7 lakhs women, respectively. Among them, 32,072 women in 2015-2016 and 28,187 in 2019-2021 were pregnant, of whom 180 women in 2014-2015 and 247 women in 2019-2021 had diabetes during their gestational periods, allowing the percentage prevalence calculation of GDM. The analysis of Poisson regression estimates examined the socioeconomic and demographic risk factors for GDM among pregnant women.ResultsThe overall prevalence of GDM in women showed an increase from 0.53% in 2015-16 to 0.80% in 2019-20 at the national level, and a similar increase in many states of India was witnessed, with a few exceptions. The GDM prevalence has shown a gradient over age, with a low prevalence in 15-19- and 25-29-year-olds and the highest prevalence in 40-44-year-olds. Concerning the rural and urban divide, its prevalence in both urban and rural areas has increased from 0.61 to 0.85% and 0.51 to 0.78% between 2015 and 16 and 2019-21. The results of the Poisson regression analysis reveal that older adults with high Body Mass Index (BMI), thyroid disorder, and heart disease have a greater risk of GDM among pregnant women in India. The states of Kerala, Meghalaya, and Goa show a high prevalence of GDM.ConclusionThe low prevalence of GDM may not be clinically significant but has negative repercussions on the mother and her child cannot be overlooked. Thus, it is essential to curb GDM since its inception and save a generation ahead from the risk of diabetes and other diseases.
Follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with gestational diabetes treated with insulin and/or oral glucose-lowering agents: a core outcome set using a Delphi survey; Aims/hypothesis Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is linked with a higher lifetime risk for the development of impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes, the metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, postpartum depression and tumours. Despite this, there is no consistency in the long-term follow-up of women with a previous diagnosis of GDM. Further, the outcomes selected and reported in the research involving this population are heterogeneous and lack standardisation. This amplifies the risk of reporting bias and diminishes the likelihood of significant comparisons between studies. The aim of this study is to develop a core outcome set (COS) for RCTs and other studies evaluating the long-term follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with previous GDM treated with insulin and/oral glucose-lowering agents. Methods The study consisted of three work packages: (1) a systematic review of the outcomes reported in previous RCTs of the follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with GDM treated with insulin and/or oral glucose-lowering agents; (2) a three-round online Delphi survey with key stakeholders to prioritise these outcomes; and (3) a consensus meeting where the final COS was decided. Results Of 3344 abstracts identified and evaluated, 62 papers were retrieved and 25/62 papers were included in this review. A total of 121 outcomes were identified and included in the Delphi survey. Delphi round 1 was emailed to 835 participants and 288 (34.5%) responded. In round 2, 190 of 288 (65.9%) participants responded and in round 3, 165 of 190 (86.8%) participants responded. In total, nine outcomes were selected and agreed for inclusion in the final COS: assessment of glycaemic status; diagnosis of type 2 diabetes since the index pregnancy; number of pregnancies since the index pregnancy; number of pregnancies with a diagnosis of GDM since the index pregnancy; diagnosis of prediabetes since the index pregnancy; BMI; post-pregnancy weight retention; resting blood pressure; and breastfeeding. Conclusions/interpretation This study identified a COS that will help bring consistency and uniformity to outcome selection and reporting in clinical trials and other studies involving the follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women diagnosed with GDM treated with insulin and/or oral glucose-lowering agents during pregnancy.
Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of subsequent pediatric cardiovascular diseases of the offspring: a population-based cohort study with up to 18 years of follow up; Aims The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been increasing worldwide. We aimed to study the effect of GDM on the risk for childhood cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring. Methods A population-based cohort analysis was performed comparing total and different subtypes of cardiovascular related pediatric diagnoses among offspring of mothers with GDM vs. offspring of mothers with no diabetes. The analysis included all singletons born between the years 1991-2014. Cardiovascular related morbidities included hospitalizations involving a pre-defined set of ICD-9 codes. Mothers with pregestational diabetes, Infants with congenital malformations, multiple gestations, and perinatal deaths were excluded from the analysis. A Cox proportional hazards model was constructed to adjust for confounders. Results The study population included 216197 newborns which met the inclusion criteria; among them 4.4% (9460) were born to mothers with GDM controlled by diet and exercise (GDM A1) and 0.3% (724) were born to mothers with GDM requiring oral treatment or insulin (GDM A2). A significant association was noted between GDM and the rate of cardiovascular related hospitalizations (0.97 for GDM A2 vs. 0.57 for GDM A1 vs. 0.33 for no GDM, respectively; p < 0.001). The association remained significant and independent for GDM Al only while adjusting for relevant confounders [adjusted HR= 1.6 (1.2-2.2); p value 0.001]. Conclusions A significant association is noted between the GDM and the rate of cardiovascular hospitalizations of the offspring. However, in our population GDM A1 is an independent risk factor for pediatric cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring.
Small-for-gestational age placentas associate with an increased risk of adverse outcomes in pregnancies complicated by either type I or type II pre-gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: One-fifth of pregnancies with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (pre-DM) yield placentas <10th percentile small for gestational age (SGA), compared to a non-diabetic population. We hypothesized that SGA placentas of women with pre-DM, whether type I (T1DM) or type II (T2DM), exhibit distinct histopathological changes and pregnancy outcomes compared to pre-DM pregnancies with an AGA placenta. Methods: We conducted a retrospective, cohort study of placentas from pregnant women enrolled in the Diabetes in Pregnancy Program at Brown University between 2003 and 2011, by comparing pre-DM patients with SGA placentas to pre-DM patients with AGA placental weights. Results: The SGA placenta groups were associated with an increased risk for adverse clinical outcomes, compared to AGA placentas in pregnancies complicated by either T1DM or T2DM. Compared to their AGA pre-DM counterparts, T1DM, SGA placentas show increased peri-villous fibrin/fibrinoid deposition, thrombosis in fetal blood vessels, and meconium staining. Moreover, the histopathology of SGA placentas from T2DM is characterized by decidual vasculopathy, accelerated villous maturity, and erythroblastosis, compared to T2DM AGA placentas. The contrasting placental pathologies between the two pre-DM SGA phenotypes evolved independent of patient demographics and were unrelated to indicators of the glycemic control present at early gestational ages. Discussion: A sub-population of pre-DM women with either T1DM or T2DM diabetes that have an SGA placenta are at increased risk for adverse clinical outcomes in pregnancy, compared to pre-DM women with AGA placental weights.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and long-term maternal cardiovascular risk: Bridging epidemiological knowledge into personalized postpartum care and follow-up; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is globally the leading cause of death and disability. Sex-specific causes of female CVD are under-investigated. Pregnancy remains an underinvestigated sex-specific stress test for future CVD and a hitherto missed opportunity to initiate prevention of CVD at a young age. Population-based studies show a strong association between female CVD and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. This association is also present after other pregnancy complications that are associated with placental dysfunction, including fetal growth restriction, preterm delivery and gestational diabetes mellitus. Few women are, however, offered systematic cardio-preventive follow-up after such pregnancy complications. These women typically seek help from the health system at first clinical symptom of CVD, which may be decades later. By this time, morbidity is established and years of preventive opportunities have been missed out. Early identification of modifiable risk factors starting postpartum followed by systematic preventive measures could improve maternal cardiovascular health trajectories, promoting healthier societies. In this non-systematic review we briefly summarize the epidemiological associations and pathophysiological hypotheses for the associations. We summarize current clinical follow-up strategies, including some proposed by international and national guidelines as well as user support groups. We address modifiable factors that may be underexploited in the postpartum period, including breastfeeding and blood pressure management. We suggest a way forward and discuss the remaining knowledge gaps and barriers for securing the best evidence-based followup, relative to available resources after a hypertensive pregnancy complication in order to prevent or delay onset of premature CVD.
Utilization of Primary and Obstetric Care After Medically Complicated Pregnancies: An Analysis of Medical Claims Data; Because pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, are risk factors for diabetes and cardiovascular disease, post-delivery follow-up is recommended. To determine predictors of post-delivery primary and obstetric care utilization in women with and without medical complications. Five-year retrospective cohort study using commercial and Medicaid insurance claims in Maryland. 7,741 women with a complicated pregnancy (GDM, hypertensive disorders and pregestational diabetes mellitus [DM]) and 23,599 women with a comparison pregnancy. We compared primary and postpartum obstetric care utilization rates in the 12 months after delivery between the complicated and comparison pregnancy groups. We conducted multivariate logistic regression to assess the association between pregnancy complications, sociodemographic predictor variables and utilization of care, stratified by insurance type. Women with a complicated pregnancy were older at delivery (p < 0.001), with higher rates of cesarean delivery (p < 0.0001) and preterm labor or delivery (p < 0.0001). Among women with Medicaid, 56.6 % in the complicated group and 51.7 % in the comparison group attended a primary care visit. Statistically significant predictors of receiving a primary care visit included non-Black race, older age, preeclampsia or DM, and depression. Among women with commercial health insurance, 60.0 % in the complicated group and 49.5 % in the comparison group attended a primary care visit. Pregnancy complication did not predict a primary care visit among women with commercial insurance. Women with pregnancy complications were more likely to attend primary care visits post-delivery compared to the comparison group, but overall visit rates were low. Although Medicaid expansion has potential to increase coverage, innovative models for preventive health services after delivery are needed to target women at higher risk for chronic disease development.
Maternal Hyperglycemia Induces Autonomic Dysfunction and Heart Failure in Older Adult Offspring; Aims Offspring exposed to an adverse fetal environment, such as gestational diabetes, may manifest increased susceptibility to several chronic diseases later in life. In the present study, the cardiovascular function of three different ages of offspring from diabetic rats was evaluated.Methods and results Diabetes mellitus was induced in pregnant rats by a single dose of streptozotocin (50 mg/kg). The offspring from diabetic (OD) and control rats (OC) were evaluated at three different ages: 6, 12 or 18 months. In the corresponding OC groups, fasting glycemia, baseline mean arterial pressure, and sympathetic tonus increased in the OD rats at 12 (OD12) and 18 (OD18) months of age, while cardiac hypertrophy was observed in all OD groups. Cardiac function evaluation in vivo showed low left ventricular systolic pressure and+dP/dt in the OD18 rats, suggesting a systolic dysfunction. OD12 and OD18 groups showed high left ventricle end-diastolic pressure, suggesting a diastolic dysfunction. OD groups showed an age-related impairment of both baroreflex-mediated tachycardia and baroreflex-mediated bradycardia in OD12 and OD18 rats. In isolated hearts from OD18 rats, both inotropic and tachycardiac responses to increasing isoproterenol were significantly reduced compared to the corresponding OC group.Conclusion These results suggest that gestational diabetes triggers the onset of hyperglycemia hypertension with impaired baroreflex sensitivity and heart failure in older age of offspring, representing important risk factors for death. Therefore, ensuring optimal glycemic control in diabetic pregnancy is important and serves as a key to preventing cardiovascular disease in the offspring in their older age.
The comparison of GDM therapeutic methods between positive and negative anti TPO patients; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance due to insulin resistance during pregnancy. This metabolic disorder includes 8.3% of pregnancies worldwide. Thyroid gland autoantibodies can induce insulin resistance probably because of inflammatory cytokines production. However, a distinct mechanism of this phenomenon has not well understood. Objectives: Regarding the high prevalence of GDM which concerns the mother and fetus health, this study aimed to compare the therapeutic methods frequency in GDM patients with or without anti-thyroperoxidase (TPO) autoantibodies. Methods: One hundred and two GDM patients aged between 2030 years, with (n=52) or without (n=50) anti-TPO antibodies were enrolled in this experimental study. Overt hypothyroidism or hyperthyroidism, creatinine>1.4 mg/dl, Congestive Heart Failure, liver diseases, and diabetes history were considered as exclusion criteria. Insulin administration was performed in patients with fasting blood glucose (FBS)>105 mg/dl. Other patients regarding the blood glucose level were treated by metformin or diet. All patients were followed up for one week. Results: Patients were divided into anti-TPO (+) and anti-TPO (-) groups with the average age of 25.52 +/- 3.35 and 26.28 +/- 3.53, respectively. Significant differences were observed in FBS, 1 hour BS and 2 hour BS levels between groups (p=0.003, p=0.041 and p=0.007 for FBS, 1 hour BS and 2 hour BS, respectively). Based on therapeutic methods, significant differences were observed in insulin (p=0.026) and diet (p=0.03) therapy. Conclusion: Our data showed that the presence of anti-TPO antibody is correlated with GDM severity, indicating the importance of thyroid gland function on feto-maternal health status.
Pregnancy complications in women with heart disease; Objective. To identify pregnancy complications of women with heart disease delivering at a university hospital. Methods. A retrospective study was carried out of 193 pregnant women with heart disease delivered at a university hospital between January 1997 and December 2006. Results. Rheumatic heart disease (RHD), congenital heart disease (CHD), arrhythmia and cardiomyopathy were observed in 133 (68.9%), 26 (13.5%), 32 (16.6%) and 2 (1%) cases, respectively. Obstetric complication was found in 27 (14%) cases that was composed of preterm delivery (11.4%), gestational diabetes (1%), pregnancy induced hypertension (1%) and postpartum hemorrhage (0.5%). Cardiac complication was observed in 24 (12.4%) cases. Congestive heart failure was the most common cardiac complication which observed in 11 (5.7%) cases. There were four (2.1%) maternal deaths, three cases in CHD group and one case in RHD group. Preterm infant was observed in 22 (11.4%) cases. Thirteen percent had low birth weight and 8.3% were small for gestational age. There were no perinatal deaths or congenital anomalies. Conclusion. Form this study, RHD with pregnancy is still predominant. The most common obstetric complication was preterm delivery. The most common cardiac complication was congestive heart failure.
Risk factors of neonatal stroke from different origins: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Given the persistent ambiguity regarding the etiology of neonatal stroke across diverse origins, our objective was to conduct a comprehensive evaluation of both qualitative and quantitative risk factors. An exhaustive search of eight databases was executed to amass all pertinent observational studies concerning risk factors for neonatal stroke from various origins. Subsequent to independent screening, data extraction, and bias assessment by two researchers, a meta-analysis was conducted utilizing RevMan and Stata software. Nineteen studies, encompassing a total of 30 factors, were incorporated into this analysis. Beyond established risk factors, our investigation unveiled gestational diabetes (OR, 5.51; P < 0.00001), a history of infertility (OR, 2.44; P < 0.05), placenta previa (OR, 3.92; P = 0.02), postdates (OR, 2.07; P = 0.01), preterm labor (OR, 2.32; P < 0.00001), premature rupture of membranes (OR, 3.02; P = 0.007), a prolonged second stage of labor (OR, 3.94; P < 0.00001), and chorioamnionitis (OR, 4.35; P < 0.00001) as potential risk factors for neonatal cerebral arterial ischemic stroke. Additionally, postdates (OR, 4.31; P = 0.003), preterm labor (OR, 1.60; P < 0.00001), an abnormal CTG tracing (OR, 9.32; P < 0.0001), cesarean section (OR, 4.29; P = 0.0004), male gender (OR, 1.73; P = 0.02), and vaginal delivery (OR, 1.39; P < 0.00001) were associated with an elevated risk for neonatal hemorrhagic stroke. Conclusions: This study provides a succinct overview and comparative analysis of maternal, perinatal, and additional risk factors associated with neonatal cerebral artery ischemic stroke and neonatal hemorrhagic stroke, furnishing critical insights for healthcare practitioners involved in the diagnosis and prevention of neonatal stroke. This research also broadens the conceptual framework for future investigations.
The Diabetes-Cardiovascular Connection in Women: Understanding the Known Risks, Outcomes, and Implications for Care; Purpose of Review Cardiovascular disease (CVD) complications constitute about 50-70% of mortality in people with diabetes. However, there remains a persistently greater relative increase in CVD morbidity and mortality in women with diabetes than in their male counterparts. This review presents recent evidence for the risks, outcomes, and management implications for women with diabetes. Recent Findings Compared to men, women have higher BMI and more adverse cardiovascular risk profile at time of diabetes diagnosis with greater risk for coronary heart disease, stroke, vascular dementia, and heart failure. Pregnancy-specific risk factors of gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia are associated with future type 2 diabetes (T2D) and CVD. Women with T2D may experience greater benefits than men from GLP-1 receptor agonists. Women with diabetes are at greater relative risk for CVD complications than men, with poorer outcomes, superimposed on preexisting gender disparities in social determinants of health, lower likelihood of being offered cardioprotective interventions, and enrollment in trials. Further research and the utilization of SGLT-2 inhibitors, GLP-1 receptor agonists, and other CVD prevention strategies will help reduce morbidity and mortality.
Vitamin D rescues dysfunction of fetal endothelial colony forming cells from individuals with gestational diabetes; Introduction: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with long-term cardiovascular and metabolic diseases in offspring. However, the mechanisms are not well understood. We explored whether fetal exposure to a diabetic environment is associated with fetal endothelial progenitor cell dysfunction, and whether vitamin D can reverse the impairment. Methods: Nineteen women with uncomplicated pregnancies and 18 women with GDM were recruited before delivery. Time to first appearance of endothelial colony forming cell (ECFC) colonies and number of ECFC colonies formed from culture of cord peripheral blood mononuclear cells were determined. Angiogenesis-related functions of ECFCs in vitro were tested in the presence or absence of vitamin D. Results: Fetal ECFCs from GDM pregnancies formed fewer colonies in culture (P = 0.04) and displayed reduced proliferation (P = 0.02), migration (P = 0.04) and tubule formation (P = 0.03) compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. Fetal ECFCs exposed to hyperglycemia in vitro exhibited less migration (P < 0.05) and less tubule formation (P < 0.05) than normoglycemic control. Vitamin D significantly improved the dysfunction of fetal ECFCs from pregnancies complicated by GDM or after exposure of healthy ECFCs to hyperglycemia. Discussion: Fetal ECFCs from GDM pregnancies or ECFCs exposed to hyperglycemia in vitro exhibit reduced quantity and impaired angiogenesis-related functions. Vitamin D significantly rescues these functions. These findings may have implications for vascular function of infants exposed to a diabetic intrauterine environment. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Comparison of different cardiac risk scores for coronary artery disease in symptomatic women: do female-specific risk factors matter?; Background Cardiovascular diseases remain the leading cause of death in women and there is a need for more accurate risk assessment scores. The aims of our study were to compare the accuracy of several widely used cardiac risk assessment scores in predicting the likelihood of obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD) on CT coronary angiography (CTCA) in symptomatic women and to explore which female-specific risk factors were independent predictors of obstructive CAD on CTCA and whether adding these risk factors to pre-test probability scores would improve their predictive value. Methods and results Data were obtained from a cohort of 228 consecutively included symptomatic women undergoing evaluation for CAD and referred for CTCA. Obstructive CAD was defined as 50% luminal stenosis on CTCA. Pre-test probability for CAD was calculated according to the Diamond and Forrester score, New score, Duke clinical score, and an updated Diamond and Forrester score. Female-specific factors were obtained by a written questionnaire. Pre-test probability scores were compared with ROC analysis and showed that only the New score and the updated Diamond and Forrester score were significant predictive scores for obstructive CAD on CTCA (area under the curve, AUC, 0.67, p<0.01; AUC 0.61, p=0.04, respectively). Multivariable logistic regression analysis identified that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and oestrogen status were independent predictors of obstructive CAD when adjusted for the pre-test probability scores. The updated Diamond and Forrester score was used for net reclassification improvement (NRI) analysis, since the New score already accounts for oestrogen status. Adding GDM and oestrogen status to the updated Diamond and Forrester score resulted in a significant NRI (p=0.04). Conclusions There is a large variability in prediction of obstructive CAD using different pre-test probability risk scores in symptomatic women. Logistic regression analysis revealed that oestrogen status and GDM were independently associated with the occurrence of obstructive stenosis on CTCA. The predictive ability of cardiac pre-test probability scores improved significantly with the addition of oestrogen status and GDM.
2D-DIGE to identify proteins associated with gestational diabetes in omental adipose tissue; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for the type 2 diabetes epidemic in many populations. Maternal adipose tissue plays a central role in the pathophysiology of GDM. Thus, the aim of this study was to determine the effect of GDM on the proteome of adipose tissue. Omental adipose tissue was obtained at the time of term Caesarean section from women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) or GDM. 2D-difference gel electrophoresis (DIGE), followed by mass spectrometry, was used to identify protein spots (n=6 patients per group). Western blotting was used for confirmation of six of the spot differences (n=6 patients per group). We found 14 proteins that were differentially expressed between NGT and GDM adipose tissue (>= 1.4-fold, P<0.05). GDM was associated with an up-regulation of four proteins: collagen alpha-2(VI) chain (CO6A2 (COL6A2)), fibrinogen beta chain (FIBB (FGB)), lumican (LUM) and S100A9. On the other hand, a total of ten proteins were found to be down-regulated in adipose tissue from GDM women. These were alpha-1-antitrypsin (AIAT (SERPINA1)), annexin A5 (ANXA5), fatty acid-binding protein, adipocyte (FABP4), glutathione S-transferase P (GSTP (GSTP1)), heat-shock protein beta-1 (HSP27 (HSPB1)), lactate dehydrogenase B chain (LDHB), perilipin-1 (PLIN1), peroxiredoxin-6 (PRX6 (PRDX6)), selenium-binding protein 1 (SBP1) and vinculin (VINC (VCL)). In conclusion, proteomic analysis of omental fat reveals differential expression of several proteins in GDM patients and NGT pregnant women. This study revealed differences in expression of proteins that are involved in inflammation, lipid and glucose metabolism and oxidative stress and added further evidence to support the role of visceral adiposity in the pathogenesis of GDM.
Pregnancy, Reproductive Factors, and Female Heart Failure Risk and Outcomes; Purpose of ReviewThe purpose of this review is to provide an overview of recent evidence on female-specific risk factors related to reproductive status or pregnancy.Recent FindingsPregnancy-related factors, including hypertensive disorders and gestational diabetes, increase the risk of heart failure in women, while breastfeeding and hormone therapy may offer protection.SummaryHypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, polycystic ovarian syndrome, placental abruption, younger maternal age at first live birth, younger maternal age at last live birth, number of stillbirths, number of pregnancies, onset of menstruation before 12 years of age, shorter reproductive age, ovariectomy, and prolonged absence of ovarian hormones may increase the risk of heart failure in women. Conversely, breastfeeding status and hormone therapy (for menopause or contraception) may serve as protective factors, while fertility treatments have no discernible effect on the risk of heart failure.
The Relationship between Gestational Diabetes Metabolic Control and Fetal Autonomic Regulation, Movement and Birth Weight; (1) Background: Maternal metabolic control in gestational diabetes is suggested to influence fetal autonomic control and movement activity, which may have fetal outcome implications. We aimed to analyze the relationship between maternal metabolic control, fetal autonomic heart rate regulation, activity and birth weight. (2) Methods: Prospective noninterventional longitudinal cohort monitoring study accompanying 19 patients with specialist clinical care for gestational diabetes. Monthly fetal magnetocardiography with electro-physiologically-based beat-to-beat heart rate recording for analysis of heart rate variability (HRV) and the 'fetal movement index' (FMI) was performed. Data were compared to 167 healthy pregnant women retrieved from our pre-existing study database. (3) Results: Fetal vagal tone was increased with gestational diabetes compared to controls, whereas sympathetic tone and FMI did not differ. Within the diabetic population, sympathetic activation was associated with higher maternal blood-glucose levels. Maternal blood-glucose levels correlated positively with birth weight z scores. FMI showed no correlation with birth weight but attenuated the positive correlation between maternal blood-glucose levels and birth weight. (4) Conclusion: Fetal autonomic control is altered by gestational diabetes and maternal blood-glucose level, even if metabolic adjustment and outcome is comparable to healthy controls.
High-saturated-fat diet induces gestational diabetes and placental vasculopathy in C57BL/6 mice; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a commonly encountered disorder of mid to late pregnancy that is characterized by hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and impaired glucose tolerance. Gestational diabetes mellitus is thought to be multifactorial in origin and derives from both genetic and environmental factors. However, the mechanisms underlying GDM are incompletely understood; and current GDM animal models do not appear to closely mimic the clinical situation in humans. The present study used environmental exposure to high-saturated-fat diet (HFD) in an effort to develop a GDM mouse model that closely simulates metabolic abnormalities seen in human GDM. This model was then used to determine the contributions of HFD-induced placental oxidative stress (OS) and vascular dysregulation, which are observed in GDM patients and are believed to contribute to the pathogenesis of the disease. Pathologic manifestations of the disease were quantified by evaluating the extent of placental lipid peroxidation and by determining protective effects of dietary antioxidant quercetin supplementation to reduce HFD-associated placental OS. In this study, female C57BL/6 mice were fed HFD for 1 month before conception and throughout gestation to mimic chronic maternal fast food consumption. Maternal body weight increased from gestation day (GD) 0 to GD19 by 41% with HFD, as compared with 23% in control dams; HFD dams also developed insulin resistance (66% increase in plasma insulin and 27% increase in plasma glucose levels by GD10) as compared with control dams. Placentas from HFD GD19 dams demonstrated loss of trophoblasts and OS-mediated labyrinthine endothelial cellular damage, the latter of which was prevented with quercetin supplementation. Our findings suggest that prenatal HFD alters glucose metabolism and elevates placental OS, which are believed to collectively relate to improper formation of the conceptus and impaired birth outcome. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Associations of Pregnancy Complications With Calculated Cardiovascular Disease Risk and Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Middle Age The Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children; Background-The nature and contribution of different pregnancy-related complications to future cardiovascular disease (CVD) and its risk factors and the mechanisms underlying these associations remain unclear. Methods and Results-We studied associations of pregnancy diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm delivery, and size for gestational age with calculated 10-year CVD risk (based on the Framingham score) and a wide range of cardiovascular risk factors measured 18 years after pregnancy (mean age at outcome assessment, 48 years) in a prospective cohort of 3416 women. Gestational diabetes mellitus was positively associated with fasting glucose and insulin, even after adjustment for potential confounders, whereas hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were associated with body mass index, waist circumference, blood pressure, lipids, and insulin. Large for gestational age was associated with greater waist circumference and glucose concentrations, whereas small for gestational age and preterm delivery were associated with higher blood pressure. The association with the calculated 10-year CVD risk based on the Framingham prediction score was odds ratio 1.31 (95% confidence interval, 1.11-1.53) for preeclampsia and 1.26 (95% confidence interval, 0.95-1.68) for gestational diabetes mellitus compared with women without preeclampsia and without gestational diabetes mellitus, respectively. Conclusions-Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and pregnancy diabetes mellitus are independently associated with an increased calculated 10-year CVD risk. Preeclampsia may be the better predictor of future CVD because it was associated with a wider range of cardiovascular risk factors. Our results suggest that pregnancy may be an important opportunity for early identification of women at increased risk of CVD later in life. (Circulation. 2012; 125: 1367-1380.)
Primary care management post gestational diabetes in Australia; BackgroundWomen with a history of gestational diabetes (GD) have a high risk of developing diabetes and subsequent cardiovascular disease (CVD). AimTo assess whether diabetes screening and CVD risk screening occurred in general practice (GP) among postpartum women with GD. MethodsThis is a retrospective study of clinical record data of women with GD, under active GP management, from the MedicineInsight programme, run by Australia's National Prescribing Service MedicineWise, with GP sites located in Australia from January 2015 to March 2021. Documentation of screening for diabetes, assessment of lipids and measurement of blood pressure (BP) was assessed using proportions and mixed-effects logistic regression with a log follow-up time offset. ResultsThere were 10 413 women, with a mean age of 37.9 years (standard deviation, 7.6), from 406 clinics with a mean follow-up of 4.6 years (interquartile range, 1.8-6.2 years) A total of 29.41% (3062/10 413; 95% confidence interval [CI], 28.53-30.28) had not been assessed for diabetes, 37.40% (3894/10 413; 95% CI, 36.47-38.32) were not assessed for lipids and 2.19% (228/10 413; 95% CI, 1.91-2.47) had no BP documented. In total, 51.82% (5396/10 413; 95% CI, 50.86-52.78) were screened for all three (diabetes + lipids + BP) at least once. Obesity, comorbidities and dyslipidaemia were associated with increased likelihood of screening. New diabetes diagnosis was documented in 5.73% (597/10 413; 95% CI, 5.29-6.18) of the cohort. ConclusionScreening for diabetes and hyperlipidaemia was suboptimal in this high-risk cohort of women with prior GD. Improved messaging that women with a GD diagnosis are at high cardiovascular risk may improve subsequent screening.
Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular Risk Factors, and Future Heart Disease; Heart disease is the leading cause of mortality in adult women. Beyond the traditional risk factors of obesity, diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia, women with the pregnancy complications of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, prematurity, and low birth weight for gestational age (fetal growth restriction) are at higher risk for later development of cardiovascular disease. Education of women and providers about the association of pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease should begin in the postpartum period. Postpartum cardiovascular risk screening and lifestyle modifications should be considered standard of care and are essential to improving cardiac health as a preventive strategy.
The risk for future cerebrovascular disease in pregnant women with Moyamoya disease: a nationwide population-based study in South Korea; Background Physiologic changes during pregnancy affect the development of postpartum cerebrovascular disease (CVD) in women with Moyamoya disease. Due to the rare prevalence of Moyamoya disease and its large regional variations, large-scale based studies on the risk of CVD after delivery have not been conducted. This study aimed to evaluate whether women with Moyamoya disease have an increased risk of CVD after delivery. Methods Research data was collected from the National Health Insurance Claims Database of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service. Patients who delivered in Korea from 2007 to 2014 were enrolled in this study. We classified women as having CVD if they were diagnosed with any of the following conditions between delivery and December 31, 2016; cerebral infarction (I63.X in the International Classification of Diseases-10th Revision [ICD-10]) and/or intracranial hemorrhage (I61.X, I62.X in ICD-10) and/or subarachnoid hemorrhage (I60.X in ICD-10). Women with Moyamoya disease were identified as having I67.5 in ICD-10. We matched the study cohort by the ratio of 1:10 to analyze the risk CVD occurrence. The matching technique applied in this study was based on the variables of age and parity. To evaluate the adjusted hazard ratio (HR) for CVD in women with Moyamoya disease, we used multivariate Cox proportional hazard regression. Results Among a total of 3,611,216 Korean women who underwent delivered, we identified 412 women with Moyamoya disease diagnosis and 1420 age- and parity-matched women without Moyamoya disease (control). Compared to the control group, women with Moyamoya disease had a significantly higher rate of Cesarean section, overt DM, and essential hypertension (all p < 0.0001). Among women with Moyamoya disease, 55 (13.35%) women developed CVD within the follow-up postpartum period. The presence of Moyamoya disease was associated with an increased risk of CVD after delivery (adjusted HR 37.42; 95% confidence interval (CI) 17.50-80.02 within 2.3 years) after adjusting for pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, pregestational diabetes, chronic hypertension. Conclusion This population based study showed that the occurrence rate of CVD after delivery was higher in women with Moyamoya disease than in those without. Therefore, careful and long-term postpartum surveillance is required for women with Moyamoya disease.
The genetic polymorphism in the STK11 does not affect gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as carbohydrate intolerance of variable severity that develops during pregnancy. Recent studies indicate that GDM onset is rapid, and that women with GDM will develop other metabolic disorders such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in their future. Serine/threonine kinase 11 (STK11) is engaged in the insulin signaling pathway and encoded protein is an important activator of adenosine monophosphate activated protein kinase. Based on the previously reported association between the STK11 gene and diabetes, we aimed to investigate whether the rs8111699 polymorphism in STK11 has any role in gestation diabetes in Saudi women. In this case-control study, we recruited pregnant Saudi women based on biochemical analysis of their blood samples. Genomic DNA was obtained from confirmed subjects (200 GDM cases and 300 non-GDM). PCR-RFLP analysis was performed to detect the C528G polymorphism in the STK11 gene. The anthropometric and clinical data were similar between the GDM and non-GDM subjects (p>0.05), whereas the biochemical analysis was significantly different between the cases and controls (p<0.05). The genotype and allele frequencies between of the STK11 gene were not statistically significant difference between the GDM and non-GDM groups (OR=0.82; 95% CI:=0.6-1.0; p=0.12). Our study suggests that the rs8111699 polymorphism has no role in the development of GDM in pregnant Saudi women.
Disparities in cardiometabolic risk profiles and gestational diabetes mellitus by nativity and acculturation: findings from 2016-2017 National Health Interview Survey; Introduction Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy with implications for cardiovascular health. Among reproductive-aged women, less is known about nativity-related disparities in cardiometabolic risk profiles and GDM history. We examined how cardiometabolic risk profiles and GDM history differed by nativity and explored associations between acculturation, cardiometabolic risk profiles and GDM history. Research design and methods We analyzed cross-sectional data from the 2016-2017 National Health Interview Survey among reproductive-aged women (18-49 years) who both reported ever being pregnant and answered the question on GDM history. Using multivariable logistic regression, we examined the percentage with GDM history and compared cardiometabolic profiles by nativity status and acculturation (duration of US residence). Results Of 9525 women, 22.5% were foreign-born. Also, 11.7% of foreign-born women had a GDM history vs 9.6% of US-born women. Foreign-born women with >= 10 years US residence had the highest age-standardized percentage with GDM history (11.0%) compared with US-born women (9.2%) and foreign-born women with <10 years US residence (6.7%). US-born women had a higher prevalence of hypertension, current smoking, and alcohol use than foreign-born women. Among foreign-born women, those with >= 10 years US residence had a higher prevalence of hypertension, current smoking, and alcohol use than those with <10 years US residence. In the fully adjusted model, foreign-born women with >= 10 years US residence had higher odds of GDM history than US-born women (OR 1.43; 95% CI 1.17 to 1.76) while foreign-born women with <10 years US residence and US-born women has similar odds of GDM history. Conclusions Greater duration of US residence may be associated with nativity-related disparities in GDM. Acculturation, including changing health-related behaviors may explain the disparities among foreign-born women and should be further investigated to appropriately target interventions to prevent GDM and future cardiometabolic diseases.
Effects of gestational and pregestational diabetes mellitus on the foetal heart: a cross-sectional study; We examined the foetal cardiac structural and functional characteristics in diabetic pregnancies versus non-diabetic, healthy pregnancies. Between August 2015 and April 2016, 32 pregnant women with pregestational diabetes, 36 pregnant women with gestational diabetes, and 42 healthy pregnant women were scheduled to have foetal echocardiograms to assess cardiac structure and function. In the diabetic groups, the foetal interventricular septum (IVS) thickness was significantly greater than in non-diabetics (p<.05) but none had an IVS >2 SD from normal. The peak velocity of tricuspid E, and the E/A ratio were significantly lower in the diabetic groups (p<.05). Tricuspid valve E-a values and the E-a/A(a) ratio were lower in the diabetic group than in the control group (p<.05) but there was no significant difference between the pre-GDM and GDM groups (p>.05). Interventricular septal hypertrophy is the most common structural abnormality in diabetic pregnancies. These changes do not pose a risk to the foetal unless they cause functional impairment. Thus, we believe that it is important for diabetic pregnant women to be monitored for foetal cardiac diastolic dysfunction.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? Pregestational insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is a relatively common condition in pregnancy, affecting up to 0.5% of the pregnant population. Foetuses of diabetic mothers are at an increased risk of perinatal morbidity and death. Gestational diabetes mellitus is under-recognised and affects up to 4% of pregnancies. Although diabetes mellitus is known to increase the risk of cardiovascular defects and structural changes (myocardial hypertrophy and diastolic dysfunction) due to foetal hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinism, similar data in women with gestational diabetes is scarce. Moreover, the effect of maternal hyperglycaemia on foetal cardiac structure and function is unclear because of discordant results from previous studies.What do the results of this study add? In this study, we have used foetal echocardiography, two-dimensional US, pulsed wave Doppler and TDI to characterise the foetal cardiac structure and function in normal pregnancies as well as in the pregnancies complicated by GDM, and pregestational DM. Interventricular septum thickness is increased in women with pregestational diabetes mellitus and impaired diastolic function. The dominant right ventricle of the foetal circulation was affected earlier than the left ventricle.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Large population-based studies are required to establish the absolute risk of congenital heart defects in patients with pregestational diabetes and pregestational diabetes in the utility of routine screening.
Predictive and diagnostic biomarkers for gestational diabetes and its associated metabolic and cardiovascular diseases; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as the presence of high blood glucose levels with the onset, or detected for the first time during pregnancy, as a result of increased insulin resistance. GDM may be induced by dysregulation of pancreatic beta-cell function and/or by alteration of secreted gestational hormones and peptides related with glucose homeostasis. It may affect one out of five pregnancies, leading to perinatal morbidity and adverse neonatal outcomes, and high risk of chronic metabolic and cardiovascular injuries in both mother and offspring. Currently, GDM diagnosis is based on evaluation of glucose homeostasis at late stages of pregnancy, but increased age and body-weight, and familiar or previous occurrence of GDM, may conditionate this criteria. In addition, an earlier and more specific detection of GDM with associated metabolic and cardiovascular risk could improve GDM development and outcomes. In this sense, 1st-2nd trimester-released biomarkers found in maternal plasma including adipose tissue-derived factors such as adiponectin, visfatin, omentin-1, fatty acid-binding protein-4 and retinol binding-protein-4 have shown correlations with GDM development. Moreover, placenta-related factors such as sex hormone-binding globulin, afamin, fetuin-A, fibroblast growth factors-21/23, ficolin-3 and follistatin, or specific microRNAs may participate in GDM progression and be useful for its recognition. Finally, urine-excreted metabolites such as those related with serotonin system, non-polar amino-acids and ketone bodies, may complete a predictive or early-diagnostic panel of biomarkers for GDM.
MobiGuide: a personalized and patient-centric decision-support system and its evaluation in the atrial fibrillation and gestational diabetes domains; MobiGuide is a ubiquitous, distributed and personalized evidence-based decision-support system (DSS) used by patients and their care providers. Its central DSS applies computer-interpretable clinical guidelines (CIGs) to provide real-time patient-specific and personalized recommendations by matching CIG knowledge with a highly-adaptive patient model, the parameters of which are stored in a personal health record (PHR). The PHR integrates data from hospital medical records, mobile biosensors, data entered by patients, and recommendations and abstractions output by the DSS. CIGs are customized to consider the patients' psycho-social context and their preferences; shared decision making is supported via decision trees instantiated with patient utilities. The central DSS "projects" personalized CIG-knowledge to a mobile DSS operating on the patients' smart phones that applies that knowledge locally. In this paper we explain the knowledge elicitation and specification methodologies that we have developed for making CIGs patient-centered and enabling their personalization. We then demonstrate feasibility, in two very different clinical domains, and two different geographic sites, as part of a multi-national feasibility study, of the full architecture that we have designed and implemented. We analyze usage patterns and opinions collected via questionnaires of the 10 atrial fibrillation (AF) and 20 gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients and their care providers. The analysis is guided by three hypotheses concerning the effect of the personal patient model on patients and clinicians' behavior and on patients' satisfaction. The results demonstrate the sustainable usage of the system by patients and their care providers and patients' satisfaction, which stems mostly from their increased sense of safety. The system has affected the behavior of clinicians, which have inspected the patients' models between scheduled visits, resulting in change of diagnosis for two of the ten AF patients and anticipated change in therapy for eleven of the twenty GDM patients.
Cardiovascular disease: Screening and management of the a-symptomatic high-risk post-menopausal woman; Menopause-related oestrogen deficiency increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The presence of abdominal obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension, fasting hyperglycaemia or impaired glucose tolerance further aggravates the CVD risk imposed by menopause. A detailed personal history should be recorded, covering PCOS, gestational diabetes mellitus, alcohol intake and smoking, as well as a family history of cardiovascular disease. Screening of the a-symptomatic post-menopausal woman should include fasting lipid profile, plasma glucose and liver, renal and thyroid function tests. Serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) > 130 mg/dL is associated with an increased risk of CVD. Levels of triglycerides (TG) >= 150 mg/dL and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) <= 50 mg/dL coupled with an increase in small dense LDL and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) particles constitute the atherogenic dyslipidemia, which characterizes the metabolic syndrome. In women with previous VTE episodes, screening for thrombophilia is advisable, as well as an estimation of baseline homocysteine and C-reactive protein (CRP). Non-pharmacological intervention should be targeted towards smoking cessation, a low-salt, low-fat, high-fibre diet and increased physical activity. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Complex and irregular heart rate dynamics in fetuses compromised by maternal anemia as a high-risk pregnancy; Aim: To examine how complex and irregular fetal heart rate (FHR) dynamics differ between fetuses of normal pregnancies and those of pregnancies complicated by maternal anemia (MA), and to place this in the context of high-risk pregnancies. Methods: Our study population consisted of 97 pregnant women affected by MA, 118 affected by pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), 88 affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), 53 with preterm premature rupture of membranes (pPROM), and 356 normal pregnancies as controls. We calculated approximate entropy (ApEn), sample entropy (SampEn), and correlation dimension (CD) to quantify irregularity and the chaotic dynamics of each FHR time series. Results: The ApEn in the fetuses of the MA and PIH groups was significantly lower than that of the normal controls (P<0.05). The SampEn was significantly lower in the high-risk groups, except for the pPROM group, than in the normal controls (P<0.05). The CD in the PIH and severe MA groups was significantly lower than that of the normal controls (P<0.05, respectively). In the MA group, the dynamic indices showed a highly significant positive correlation with hemoglobin (Hb) levels (P<0.0001). Conclusion: The decreased complexity and/or irregularity in the FHR from pregnancies with MA may reflect abnormalities in the complex, integrated cardiovascular control. The irregularity and complexity of the FHR increased together with Hb levels in pregnancies with MA. Our data suggest that the integrity of the nervous system in the fetuses compromised by severe MA might result directly in adverse outcomes.
Circulating apelin levels are associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes; Women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) are at high risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disorders. In this study, we aimed to compare plasma apelin levels between women with and without pGDM, and to investigate the possible association of apelin with cardiometabolic risk factors. Among 252 consecutive Caucasian women with GDM being included in a prospective postpartum follow-up protocol, 141 women eligible for the study protocol were enrolled. Control group consisted of 49 age- and body mass index-matched healthy women without pGDM. Circulating apelin, IL-6 and plasminogen activator inhibitor levels, and carotid intima media thickness (IMT) were measured. To evaluate carbohydrate intolerance, 75-g oral glucose tolerance test was performed. Fasting insulin and lipids were measured, and homeostasis model assessment index was calculated. Plasma apelin levels were reduced in women with pGDM (p < 0.001). In multiple regression analysis, apelin was negatively associated with fasting (r (2) 0.090, beta -0.273, p = 0.001) and post-load glucose (r (2) 0.061, beta -0.187, p = 0.022), serum IL-6 (r (2) 0.082, beta -0.234, p = 0.002), and carotid IMT (r (2) 0.057, beta -0.168, p = 0.033). Our results suggested that suppressed apelin levels were associated with increased cardiovascular risk in women with pGDM.
Sex Differences in Cardiovascular Disease and Unique Pregnancy-Associated Risk Factors in Women; Purpose of review Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of mortality in women. Beyond conventional cardiovascular risk factors, women additionally face sex-specific cardiovascular disease risk factors, which include a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Adverse pregnancy outcomes include the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and small-for-gestational age delivery. Here, we review sex differences in cardiovascular disease with an emphasis on pregnancy-associated risk factors and discuss implications for the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease in women. Recent findings Adverse pregnancy outcomes, especially the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, have been linked to diverse cardiovascular conditions, accelerated cardiovascular aging, and multimorbidity. Chronic hypertension appears to be a key mediator of accelerated cardiovascular disease risk in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Recent genetic analyses suggest a shared genetic predisposition between adverse cardiometabolic traits and development of hypertension in pregnancy. Mechanisms linking gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, small-for-gestational age delivery, and infertility to cardiovascular disease are less well understood. The mechanisms linking adverse pregnancy outcomes to future cardiovascular disease remain incompletely understood. Further research is needed to better understand this relationship and the implications of adverse pregnancy outcomes for cardiovascular disease prevention.
Pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders in patients with intracranial aneurysms: A case-control study; Background and purpose: The aim of this study was to define the prevalence of pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension (HT), chronic HT, and gestational diabetes during pregnancy in a defined population of patients with saccular intracranial aneurysms (sIAs). Methods: We included all patients with sIA, first admitted to the Neurosurgery Department of Kuopio University Hospital from its defined catchment population between 1990 and 2015, who had given birth for the first time in 1990 or later. The patients' medical records were reviewed, and clinical data were linked with prescription drug usage, hospital diagnoses and causes of death, obtained from nationwide registries. The prevalences of pre-eclampsia, other hypertensive disorders and gestational diabetes in patients were compared with a matched control population (n = 324). In addition, the characteristics of sIA disease in patients with pre-eclampsia were compared to those of sIA patients without pre-eclampsia. Results: A total of 169 patients with sIA fulfilled the inclusion criteria. Of these, 22 (13%) had pre-eclampsia and 32 (19%) had other hypertensive disorders during pregnancy. In 324 matched controls who had given birth, the prevalence of pre-eclampsia was 5% (n = 15) and other hypertensive disorders were diagnosed in 10% (n = 34). There was no significant difference in prevalence of gestational diabetes (12% vs. 11%). Patients with sIA with pre-eclampsia more frequently had irregularly shaped aneurysms (p = 0.003). Conclusions: Pre-eclampsia was significantly more frequent in patients with sIA than in their population controls. Irregularly shaped aneurysms were more frequent in sIA patients with pre-eclampsia. Further studies are required to determine whether history of pre-eclampsia may indicate an elevated risk for sIA formation or rupture.
Adiposity, Dysmetabolic Traits, and Earlier Onset of Female Puberty in Adolescent Offspring of Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Clinical Study Within the Danish National Birth Cohort; OBJECTIVE Offspring of pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of the development of type 2 diabetes. However, the extent to which these dysmetabolic traits may be due to offspring and/or maternal adiposity is unknown. We examined body composition and associated cardiometabolic traits in 561 9- to 16-year-old offspring of mothers with GDM and 597 control offspring. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We measured anthropometric characteristics; puberty status; blood pressure; and fasting glucose, insulin, C-peptide, and lipid levels; and conducted a DEXA scan in a subset of the cohort. Differences in the outcomes between offspring of mothers with GDM and control subjects were examined using linear and logistic regression models. RESULTS After adjustment for age and sex, offspring of mothers with GDM displayed higher weight, BMI, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), systolic blood pressure, and resting heart rate and lower height. Offspring of mothers with GDM had higher total and abdominal fat percentages and lower muscle mass percentages, but these differences disappeared after correction for offspring BMI. The offspring of mothers with GDM displayed higher fasting plasma glucose, insulin, C-peptide, HOMA-insulin resistance (IR), and plasma triglyceride levels, whereas fasting plasma HDL cholesterol levels were decreased. Female offspring of mothers with GDM had an earlier onset of puberty than control offspring. Offspring of mothers with GDM had significantly higher BMI, WHR, fasting glucose, and HOMA-IR levels after adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI, and glucose and HOMA-IR remained elevated in the offspring of mothers with GDM after correction for both maternal and offspring BMIs. CONCLUSIONS In summary, adolescent offspring of women with GDM show increased adiposity, an adverse cardiometabolic profile, and earlier onset of puberty among girls. Increased fasting glucose and HOMA-IR levels among the offspring of mothers with GDM may be explained by the programming effects of hyperglycemia in pregnancy.
Breastfeeding and Diabetes; The present review outlines the role of breastfeeding in diabetes. In the mother, breastfeeding has been suggested to reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus, the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease. Moreover, it appears to reduce the risk of premenopausal breast cancer and ovarian cancer. In the neonate and infant, among other benefits, lactation confers protection from future both type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Whether lactation protects women with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring from future T2DM remains to be answered. Importantly, for diabetic mothers, antidiabetic treatment itself may affect breastfeeding. There is not enough data to allow the use of oral hypoglycaemic agents. Therefore, insulin currently remains the optimal antidiabetic treatment during lactation. In conclusion, breastfeeding could be considered a modifiable risk factor for the development of diabetes and even a potential protective lifestyle measure from future cardio-metabolic and malignant diseases. Therefore, health care professionals should encourage both women with and without diabetes to breastfeed their children.
Long-term Cardiovascular Disease After Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are cardiovascular risk factors that are unique to women and include gestational diabetes (GDM) and preeclampsia. While these risk factors emerge during the reproductive years and allow for early risk reduction counseling, they are often overlooked and not elicited by providers. This mini-review focuses primarily on GDM and preeclampsia, their relationship with CVD, mechanisms by which these conditions lead to CVD, and management, pharmacological and nonpharmacological, for the clinician who is caring for a woman with a history of an APO.
Diagnostic Accuracy of Glycosylated Hemoglobin in Chinese Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Meta-Analysis Based on 2,812 Patients and 5,918 Controls; Background and Aims: The accuracy of glycosylated hemoglobin (HBA1c) detection for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been extensively studied in the Chinese population, but the exact role of these detections remains controversial. The present meta-analysis was performed to establish the overall accuracy of HBA1c for the diagnosis of Chinese patients with GDM. Methods: After a systematic review of related studies, the sensitivity, specificity, positive likelihood ratio (PLR), negative likelihood ratio (NLR), diagnostic odds ratio (DOR), and other measures about the accuracy of HBA1c in the diagnosis of GDM were pooled using random-effects models. The summary receiver operating characteristic (SROC) curve analysis was used to summarize the overall test performance. Results: Forty-one studies included 2812 Chinese patients with GDM and 5918 controls were included in our meta-analysis. The summary estimates for HBA1c in the diagnosis of GDM in the studies included were as follows: sensitivity 0.762 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.746-0.777), specificity 0.917 (95% CI: 0.910-0.924), PLR 8.21 (95% CI: 3.77-17.89), NLR 0.20 (95% CI: 0.09-0.44), and DOR 41.40 (95% CI: 11.47-149.38). Our data showed that the SROC curve is positioned near the desirable upper left corner of the SROC curve, while the area under curve (AUC) was 0.93 with a Q* value of 0.865. Conclusions: Measurement of HBA1c is likely to be a useful diagnostic tool for confirming GDM. The results of HBA1c should be interpreted in parallel with clinical findings and the results of conventional tests.
First trimester serum neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin in gestational diabetes; Aims Neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) is highly expressed in damaged epithelia, during inflammation and cardiovascular disease. Soluble NGAL was measured in women who subsequently developed gestational diabetes. Methods From a cohort of 908 pregnant outpatients who participated in a screening programme for Down's syndrome at 9-12 weeks of gestation, we considered all 41 women with a singleton pregnancy, who developed gestational diabetes in the previous 12 months, and a control group of 82 normal pregnancies. Circulating NGAL and insulin resistance by homeostasis model assessment ratio (HOMA-IR) were determined in the first trimester. Results Median serum NGAL concentrations were higher in the gestational diabetes group [51.3 ng/ml (39.8-66.1 ng/ml)] compared with the control group [17.8 ng/ml (15.5-20.9 ng/ml)] (P < 0.001) and positively correlated with HOMA-IR (P < 0.001). Conclusions In the first trimester, circulating NGAL was significantly increased in women who subsequently developed gestational diabetes compared with the control group. Diabet. Med. 26, 1293-1295 (2009).
Should the IADPSG criteria be applied when diagnosing early-onset gestational diabetes?; Aims: To investigate whether the broad interpretation of the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria with application to the early pregnancy, which is adopted as the standard in Japan, is appropriate. Methods: We conducted this investigation by comparing diabetes-related adverse pregnancy outcomes among women treated for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) following an early-pregnancy diagnosis (early-onset GDM, n = 528) and those treated for GDM following a mid-pregnancy diagnosis, which is the international standard (Mid-term-onset GDM, n = 147). Results: Gestational weight gain was significantly lower in the early-onset GDM group (7.5 kg) than in the mid-term-onset GDM group (8.4 kg). The frequency of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy tended to be lower in the early-onset GDM group (5.6% vs 8.8%, p = 0.085), but infant birth weight did not differ significantly between the groups. No between-group difference was observed in macrosomia, large-for-gestational-age (LGA), small-for-gestational age (SGA), low Apgar score, shoulder dystocia, cesarean delivery, NICU admission, hyperbilirubinemia, neonatal hypoglycemia, or respiratory distress syndrome The frequency of LGA showed a significant association with pre-pregnancy body mass index, but did not differ according to the timing of therapy initiation. Conclusions: We could not find the effectiveness of therapeutic interventions initiated after GDM diagnosis in the early pregnancy based on the IADPSG criteria, compared with therapeutic interventions after a mid-pregnancy GDM diagnosis. It was suggested that the IADPSG criteria for diagnosing GDM at 24-28 weeks' gestation should not be applied to Japanese women in the early pregnancy by a broader interpretation. (c) 2018 Elsevier B.V All rights reserved.
Update on sex specific risk factors in cardiovascular disease; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death worldwide and accounts for roughly 1 in 5 deaths in the United States. Women in particular face significant disparities in their cardiovascular care when compared to men, both in the diagnosis and treatment of CVD. Sex differences exist in the prevalence and effect of cardiovascular risk factors. For example, women with history of traditional cardiovascular risk factors including hypertension, tobacco use, and diabetes carry a higher risk of major cardiovascular events and mortality when compared to men. These discrepancies in terms of the relative risk of CVD when traditional risk factors are present appear to explain some, but not all, of the observed differences among men and women. Sex-specific cardiovascular disease research-from identification, risk stratification, and treatment-has received increasing recognition in recent years, highlighting the current underestimated association between CVD and a woman's obstetric and reproductive history. In this comprehensive review, sex-specific risk factors unique to women including adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO), such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and newborn size for gestational age, as well as premature menarche, menopause and vasomotor symptoms, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and infertility will be discussed in full detail and their association with CVD risk. Additional entities including spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD), coronary microvascular disease (CMD), systemic autoimmune disorders, and mental and behavioral health will also be discussed in terms of their prevalence among women and their association with CVD. In this comprehensive review, we will also provide clinicians with a guide to address current knowledge gaps including implementation of a sex-specific patient questionnaire to allow for appropriate risk assessment, stratification, and prevention of CVD in women.
Alterations of sympathetic nervous system, coagulation and platelet function in gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk for venous thromboembolism. Activation of sympathetic nervous system affects blood coagulation, fibrinolysis and platelet activation by several mechanisms. We aimed to study the relationship of sympathetic nervous system, coagulation and platelet function in gestational diabetes. Forty-one white women with gestational diabetes, 22 healthy pregnant and 14 nonpregnant controls were studied. We assayed serial nocturnal (at 12 p.m., 4 a.m. and 7 a.m.) changes of the adrenergic transmitter noradrenaline, coagulation variables and platelet activation with PFA-100. Plasma noradrenaline increased from 4 to 7 a.m. in both pregnant groups. During the same time period, prothrombin time (PT) shortened in gestational diabetes compared with healthy pregnant and nonpregnant controls. In gestational diabetes, nocturnal FVIII:C levels were lower compared with normal pregnancy and also variables associated with von Willebrand factor tended to be lower. Platelet activity increased at midnight in pregnant women compared with nonpregnant women without differences between gestational diabetes and normal pregnancy. Gestational diabetes is associated with concomitant early morning sympathetic stimulation and activation of extrinsic coagulation pathway (shortened PT). Decreased FVIII:C may refer to compensatory anticoagulatory mechanism. These alterations could reflect increased risk of pregnancy-related thromboembolism in gestational diabetes. Blood Coagul Fibrinolysis 23:508-513 (C) 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health vertical bar Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Maternal Weight Gain during Pregnancy and the Developing Autonomic Nervous System-Possible Impact of GDM; Objective: The intrauterine environment is known to affect the offspring's long-term risk for obesity and diabetes. Previous data show that maternal metabolism and gestational weight gain (GWG) are associated with fetal autonomic nervous system (ANS) function, which can be assessed with heart rate variability (HRV). We investigated whether this association is also present in 2-year-old children and addressed the impact of gestational diabetes (GDM). Research design and methods: We examined the 2-year-old offspring of mothers who had undergone a 5-point, 75 g oral glucose tolerance test during pregnancy. To assess HRV, a 10-minute ECG was recorded, and time domain and frequency domain parameters were analyzed. Body composition was assessed using bioelectrical impedance testing. Results: We examined 67 children (33 girls, 34 boys), 30 of whom were born to mothers with treated GDM and normoglycemic pregnancies (NGT), respectively. No differences were found between the groups with regard to birth weight, weight at the age of 2 years, and body fat content. We observed that GWG was associated with heart rate and HRV, indicating that children of mothers with low GWG had a lower parasympathetic tone. This association was detected in NGT-exposed-but not in GDM-exposed-children. HR and HRV correlated with body fat and fat-free mass in children from normoglycemic pregnancies only. Conclusion: We found that the impact of maternal GWG on offspring ANS function was missing in the presence of treated GDM. The balance of the ANS was related to offspring body composition in children from NGT pregnancies only. Our results suggest that maternal weight gain during pregnancy has a critical impact on the developing ANS, which might be disturbed in the presence of GDM.
Lifestyle behaviors and cardiovascular risk profiles among parous women by gestational diabetes status, 2007-2018; Background and aims: Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at elevated risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. We compared cardiometabolic risk factors among parous U.S. women ages 20-44 by history of GDM. Methods and results: Using data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) from 2007 to 2018, 3537 parous women were classified by self-reported GDM history. We compared anthropometric measures, glycemia, blood pressure, lipids, lifestyle factors, cardiovascular health, and cardiometabolic disease prevalence by GDM status. NHANES survey design was taken into account. Women without history of GDM were younger and, after adjusting for age, race/ethnicity, and education, had more favorable cardiometabolic risk factor profiles for measures of anthropometry, glycemia, diabetes, many lipids, physical activity, diet, and overall cardiovascular health than women with history of GDM. Many patterns persisted after further adjustment for lifestyle factors. In analyses stratified by race/ethnicity, many patterns persisted, though there were key differences. Hypertension prevalence differed by GDM history only among Hispanic women. In women of other race/ ethnicity, there was no difference in healthy eating or body mass index by GDM history. In non-Hispanic Black women, there was no difference in healthy eating by GDM history. Conclusion: Among parous U.S. women ages 20-44, those with history of GDM had less favorable cardiometabolic risk factor profiles than those without history of GDM. This highlights the importance of continued efforts to develop and test multilevel interventions to improve cardiometabolic risk factors among reproductive-age women with a history of GDM. (C) 2022 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Previous Pre-Eclampsia, Gestational Diabetes and Hypertension Place Women at High Cardiovascular Risk But Do We Ask?; Background Women who experience vascular complications of pregnancy, including pre-eclampsia, hypertension and diabetes, are at increased risk of coronary artery disease (CAD). Yet patients and their medical providers have low awareness of the significance of these 'non-traditional' cardiovascular risk factors. We aimed to determine the prevalence and medical provider awareness of pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors in women with CAD. Methods Women aged 18-70 years treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) across three tertiary hospitals were invited to participate in a pregnancy-related telephone interview at 12 months post-PCI. Electronic medical records (EMR) were retrospectively reviewed for documentation of pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors in the 12 months prior to, and including, the PCI admission. Results A total of 102 women (mean age 59.867.7 years) underwent PCI for CAD and completed the pregnancy history questionnaire. Approximately three-quarters (73.5%, 75/102) of women had been pregnant, of which 25.3% (19/75) had experienced vascular complications consisting of pre-eclampsia 31.5% (6/19), gestational diabetes 36.8% (7/19), and gestational hypertension 73.6% (14/19). Documentation of traditional CVD risk factors occurred in 209/211 episodes of emergency or cardiology contact (99.1%), while documentation of 'non-traditional' pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors occurred in 0/211 episodes of emergency or cardiology contact. Conclusion More than a quarter of women treated with PCI for CAD had experienced a past pregnancy-related vascular complication. Despite vascular complications of pregnancy predicting future CAD, medical providers were not obtaining a history of these 'non-traditional' cardiovascular risk factors.
Each Degree of Glucose Intolerance in Pregnancy Predicts Distinct Trajectories of β-Cell Function, Insulin Sensitivity, and Glycemia in the First 3 Years Postpartum; OBJECTIVE Glucose intolerance in pregnancy predicts an increased risk of future type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) that is proportional to the severity of antepartum dysglycemia (i.e., highest in women with gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM], followed by those with milder dysglycemia). However, the pathophysiologic changes driving this risk are not known. Thus, we evaluated the longitudinal changes in [beta-cell function, insulin sensitivity, and glycemia in the first 3 years postpartum after gestational dysglycemia. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS A total of 337 women underwent glucose challenge test (GCT) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy, followed by repeat OGTT at 3 months, 1 year, and 3 years postpartum. The antepartum GCT/OGTT identified four gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 105); gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT; n = 60); abnormal GCT, followed by normal glucose tolerance (NGT) on the OGTT (abnormal GCT NGT; n = 96); and normal GCT with NGT (n = 76). RESULTS At each of 3 months, 1 year, and 3 years postpartum, the prevalence of glucose intolerance increased from normal GCT NGT to abnormal GCT NGT to GIGT to GDM (all P < 0.001), whereas [beta-cell function, assessed by the Insulin Secretion-Sensitivity Index-2 (ISSI-2), and insulin sensitivity (Matsuda index), progressively decreased across the groups (all P < 0.002). Each group predicted distinct trajectories of 1551-2, Matsuda index, and fasting and 2-h glucose (all P < 0.001). Notably, GDM, GIGT, and abnormal GCT NGT predicted varying rates of declining [beta-cell function and insulin sensitivity, as well as rising glycemia, compared with normal GCT NGT. CONCLUSIONS Each degree of gestational glucose intolerance predicts distinct trajectories of [beta-cell function, insulin sensitivity, and glycemia in the first 3 years postpartum that drive their differential risk of future T2DM.
AMP-Activated Protein (AMPK) in Pathophysiology of Pregnancy Complications; Although the global maternal mortality ratio has been consistently reduced over time, in 2015, there were still 303,000 maternal deaths throughout the world, of which 99% occurred in developing countries. Understanding pathophysiology of pregnancy complications contributes to the proper prenatal care for the reduction of prenatal, perinatal and neonatal mortality and morbidity ratio. In this review, we focus on AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) as a regulator of pregnancy complications. AMPK is a serine/threonine kinase that is conserved within eukaryotes. It regulates the cellular and whole-body energy homeostasis under stress condition. The functions of AMPK are diverse, and the dysregulation of AMPK is known to correlate with many disorders such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, inflammatory disease, and cancer. During pregnancy, AMPK is necessary for the proper placental differentiation, nutrient transportation, maternal and fetal energy homeostasis, and protection of the fetal membrane. Activators of AMPK such as 5-Aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide ribonucleotide (AICAR), resveratrol, and metformin restores pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, and preterm birth preclinically. We also discuss on the relationship between catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT), an enzyme that metabolizes catechol, and AMPK during pregnancy. It is known that metformin cannot activate AMPK in COMT deficient mice, and that 2-methoxyestradiol (2-ME), a metabolite of COMT, recovers the AMPK activity, suggesting that COMT is a regulator of AMPK. These reports suggest the therapeutic use of AMPK activators for various pregnancy complications, however, careful analysis is required for the safe use of AMPK activators since AMPK activation could cause fetal malformation.
Fetal Cardiac Function at Midgestation in Women Who Subsequently Develop Gestational Diabetes; Importance Fetuses in women with gestational diabetes (GD) compared with those without GD show evidence of subclinical cardiac functional and morphological changes. However, it is uncertain whether glycemia or the adverse maternal underlying risk factor profile is the main driver for fetal cardiac remodeling.Objective To assess cardiac morphology and function at midgestation in fetuses of mothers prior to development of GD and compare them with those of unaffected controls.Design, Setting, and Participants During this prospective nonintervention screening study at 19 to 23 weeks' gestation, fetal cardiac morphology and function were assessed in all participants. Pregnancy complications were obtained from the medical records of the women. Fetal cardiac morphology and function were assessed in all participants at Harris Birthright Research Institute at King's College Hospital, London, United Kingdom. Participants included pregnant women with singleton pregnancy who attended their routine fetal ultrasound examination at midgestation and agreed to participate in the Advanced Cardiovascular Imaging Study in pregnancy.Main Outcome and Measures Comparison of fetal cardiac morphology and function between mothers who subsequently developed GD and those who did not develop GD.Methods This was a prospective nonintervention screening study of 5620 women with singleton pregnancies at 19 to 23 weeks' gestation. Conventional and more advanced echocardiographic modalities, such as speckle tracking, were used to assess fetal cardiac function in the right and left ventricle. The morphology of the fetal heart was assessed by calculating the right and left sphericity index.Results The 5620 included patients had a mean age of 33.6 years. In 470 cases, the women were diagnosed with GD after the midgestation echocardiographic assessment (8.4%). Women with GD, compared with the non-GD group, were older, had higher BMI, higher prevalence of family history of diabetes, non-White ethnicity, chronic hypertension, and GD in a previous pregnancy. In fetuses of the GD group compared with the non-GD group, there was mild increase in interventricular millimeter thickness (0.04; 95% CI, 0.03-0.06 mm) and left atrial area (0.04; 95% CI, 0.04-0.05), whereas left and right functional indices were comparable between groups with the exception of left ventricular ejection fraction, which was marginally improved in the GD group (0.02; 95% CI, 0.03-0.03).Conclusions and Relevance This study demonstrates that prior to development of GD, there was mild alteration in fetal cardiac morphology without affecting cardiac function. This suggests that the adverse maternal risk factor profile and not only the glycemia might contribute to cardiac remodeling noted in fetuses of women with GD.
The mother - The long-term implications on metabolic and cardiovascular complications; There is cumulating evidence linking the occurrence of pregnancy complications, including miscarriage, stillbirth, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, and fetal growth restriction, with increased future risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus, and hospitalization and death due to cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases. Such association is largely related to genetic predisposition and shared pathophysiological mechanisms and changes, which may precede the index pregnancy. Awareness of this association would allow identification of the at-risk women for implementation of preventive measures to reduce the recurrence risk of these complications and mitigate the future development of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases worldwide. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Predictive values of clinical data,molecular biomarkers, and echocardiographic measurements in preterm infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia; ObjectiveWe aimed to use molecular biomarkers and clinical data and echocardiograms that were collected during admission to predict bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) in preterm infants with gestational age <= 32 weeks.MethodsEighty-two patients (40 with BPD, BPD group and 42 healthy as controls, non-BPD group) admitted to the Department of Neonatology of the Children's Hospital of Soochow University between October 1, 2018, and February 29, 2020, were enrolled in this study at the tertiary hospital. Basic clinical data on the perinatal period, echocardiographic measurements, and molecular biomarkers (N-terminal-pro-B-brain natriuretic peptide, NT-proBNP) were collected. We used multiple logistic regression analysis to establish an early predictive model for detecting BPD development in preterm infants of gestational age <= 32 weeks. We also used a receiver operating characteristic curve to assess the sensitivity and speci?city of the model.ResultsNo significant differences were found between the BPD and non-BPD groups in terms of sex, birth weight, gestational age, incidence of asphyxia, maternal age, gravidity, parity, mode of delivery, premature rupture of membranes >18 h, use of prenatal hormones, placental abruption, gestational diabetes mellitus, amniotic fluid contamination, prenatal infections, and maternal diseases. The use of caffeine, albumin, gamma globulin; ventilation; days of FiO(2) >= 40%; oxygen inhalation time; red blood cell suspension infusion volume (ml/kg); and proportion of infants who received total enteral nutrition (120 kcal/kg.d) >= 24 d after birth were higher in the BPD group than in the non-BPD group. The levels of hemoglobin, hematocrit, and albumin in the BPD group were significantly lower than those in the non-BPD group. The total calorie intake was significantly lower in the BPD group on the 3rd, 7th, and 14th day after birth than in the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). The incidence rates of patent ductus arteriosus (PDA), pulmonary hypertension, and tricuspid regurgitation were significantly higher in the BPD group than in the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). The serum level of NT-proBNP 24 h after birth was significantly higher in the BPD group than in the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). Serum NT-proBNP levels were significantly higher in infants with severe BPD than in those with mild or moderate BPD (P < 0.05).ConclusionAs there were various risk factors for BPD, a combining clinical data, molecular biomarkers, and echocardiogram measurements can be valuable in predicting the BPD. The tricuspid regurgitation flow rate (m/s), NT-proBNP (pg/ml), ventilator-associated pneumonia, days of FiO(2) >= 40% (d), red blood cell suspension infusion volume (ml/kg), and proportion of infants who received total enteral nutrition (120 kcal/kg.d) >= 24 d after birth were the most practical factors considered for designing an appropriate model for predicting the risk of BPD.
Association between the reproductive health of young women and cardiovascular disease in later life: umbrella review; OBJECTIVE To consolidate evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses investigating the association between reproductive factors in women of reproductive age and their subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease. DESIGN Umbrella review. DATA SOURCES Medline, Embase, and Cochrane databases for systematic reviews and meta-analyses from inception until 31 August 2019. REVIEW METHODS Two independent reviewers undertook screening, data extraction, and quality appraisal. The population was women of reproductive age. Exposures were fertility related factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Outcome was cardiovascular diseases in women, including ischaemic heart disease, heart failure, peripheral arterial disease, and stroke. RESULTS 32 reviews were included, evaluating multiple risk factors over an average follow-up period of 7-10 years. All except three reviews were of moderate quality. A narrative evidence synthesis with forest plots and tabular presentations was performed. Associations for composite cardiovascular disease were: twofold for pre-eclampsia, stillbirth, and preterm birth; 1.5-1.9-fold for gestational hypertension, placental abruption, gestational diabetes, and premature ovarian insufficiency; and less than 1.5-fold for early menarche, polycystic ovary syndrome, ever parity, and early menopause. A longer length of breastfeeding was associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. The associations for ischaemic heart disease were twofold or greater for pre-eclampsia, recurrent pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth; 1.5-1.9-fold for current use of combined oral contraceptives (oestrogen and progesterone), recurrent miscarriage, premature ovarian insufficiency, and early menopause; and less than 1.5-fold for miscarriage, polycystic ovary syndrome, and menopausal symptoms. For stroke outcomes, the associations were twofold or more for current use of any oral contraceptive (combined oral contraceptives or progesterone only pill), pre-eclampsia, and recurrent pre-eclampsia; 1.5-1.9-fold for current use of combined oral contraceptives, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth; and less than 1.5-fold for polycystic ovary syndrome. The association for heart failure was fourfold for pre-eclampsia. No association was found between cardiovascular disease outcomes and current use of progesterone only contraceptives, use of non-oral hormonal contraceptive agents, or fertility treatment. CONCLUSIONS From menarche to menopause, reproductive factors were associated with cardiovascular disease in women. In this review, presenting absolute numbers on the scale of the problem was not feasible; however, if these associations are causal, they could account for a large proportion of unexplained risk of cardiovascular disease in women, and the risk might be modifiable. Identifying reproductive risk factors at an early stage in the life of women might facilitate the initiation of strategies to modify potential risks. Policy makers should consider incorporating reproductive risk factors as part of the assessment of cardiovascular risk in clinical guidelines.
Evaluating the association between neonatal mortality and maternal high blood pressure, heart disease and gestational diabetes: A case control study; Background: Prevention of noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) during pregnancy is recommended due to severe complications for mothers and infants. Considering that NCDs have a significant impact on infant mortality, this study was conducted to investigate the relationship between mothers' underlying diseases and gestational diabetes and infant mortality in Iran. Materials and Methods: Mothers who referred to the health centers in nine provinces of Iran were included. This case-control study used data collected from pregnant women. There were 1162 cases and 1624 controls. The required data were collected from mothers' health records and through interviews. Results: The chances of neonatal mortality in women with a body mass index (BMI) of 30-35, 1.7 times (odds ratio [OR] = 1.7, confidence interval [CI]: 1.19-2.44, P = 0.003) was higher compared with women with a normal BMI. The chance of neonatal mortality among mothers with high blood pressure was three times higher compared with healthy mothers (OR = 3.04, 95% CI: 1.98-4.65, P < 0.001). The chance of neonatal mortality in women with kidney disease was also 1.64 times higher than mothers without kidney problems (OR = 1.64, 95% CI: 1.1-2.45, P = 0.015). In the study of gestational diabetes, the chance of neonatal mortality among the mothers who had at risk was 1.63 times higher than mothers without gestational diabetes (OR = 1.63, 95% CI: 0.84-3.16, P = 0.014). Furthermore, the chance of neonatal mortality among the mothers who had heart disease was 1.10 times higher than mothers without heart disease (OR = 2.10, 95% CI: 0.88-4.99, P = 0.014). Conclusion: This study showed that undiagnosed underlying diseases were related to neonatal mortality, which highlights the importance of caring for and counseling about the underlying diseases, screening, and controlling blood sugar levels before and during pregnancy to prevent infant mortality by all means possible.
Association Between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Hypertension: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Cohort Studies With a Quantitative Bias Analysis of Uncontrolled Confounding; BACKGROUND:Whether individuals with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) had an increased risk of hypertension remains unclear. We conducted a systematic literature review and meta-analysis to examine the association between GDM and hypertension and performed a quantitative bias analysis to quantify the impact of uncontrolled confounding due to antenatal psychological stress.METHODS:We searched databases (PUBMED, EMBASE, and Web of Science) through 2022/11. Eligible studies were cohort studies that reported the association of GDM with hypertension. We assessed the risk of bias using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale for cohort studies. We pooled adjusted risk ratios with 95% CIs using a random effects model. We performed the quantitative bias analysis using the bias formula.RESULTS:We included 15 cohort studies, with a total of 3 959 520 (GDM, 175 378; non-GDM, 3 784 142) individuals. During the follow-up of 2 to 20 years, 106 560 cases of hypertension were reported. We found that GDM was associated with a higher risk of hypertension (pooled risk ratio, 1.78 [95% CI, 1.47, 2.17]). The risk ratio was lower among cohorts assessing incident (1.58 [95% CI, 1.29, 1.95]) than prevalent hypertension (2.60 [95% CI, 2.40, 2.83]). However, other subgroup analyses showed no differences. The quantitative bias analysis revealed that if the uncontrolled confounder of antenatal psychological stress was additionally adjusted, the positive association between GDM and hypertension would attenuate slightly (<= 18%) but remains positive.CONCLUSIONS:Limitations of this study included residual confounding and discrepancies in GDM and hypertension ascertainments. Our findings indicate that GDM is positively associated with hypertension after the index pregnancy.
Gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia:: Common antecedents?; Objective: To evaluate commonality of risk factor profiles of women who develop gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. Methods: Prospective cohort study in prenatal clinics of the Brazilian Unified Health System in six state capitals. 4.766 pregnant women between 20 to 48 years old were consecutively enrolled between 20(th) and 28(th) gestational weeks. Smoking habits and traditional risk factors for pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes were obtained by the interview at enrollment. Gestational diabetes was diagnosed using a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test and pre-eclampsia through chart review. Results: Both gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia were associated with age (OR 2.07; 95% Cl 1.65-2.23 and OR 1.55; 95% Cl 1.08-2.23, respectively), pre-pregnancy body mass index (OR 1.62; 95% Cl 1.40-3.53 and OR 1.83; 95% Cl 1.52-4.80, respectively) and weight gain in early pregnancy (OR 1.28; 95% Cl 1.12-1.47 and OR 1.27; 95% Cl 1.06-1.52, respectively). Lower odds of gestational diabetes (OR 0.31; 95% Cl 0.22-0.44) and pre-eclampsia (OR 0.36; 95% Cl 0.20-0.51) were observed in nulliparous women who have smoked during pregnancy. Conclusions: Gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia share a pattern of risk factors, suggesting the possibility of common aetiology.
Persistent elevation and metabolic dependence of circulating E-selectin after delivery in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; The increased risk of premature atherosclerosis in noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) might be related in part to augmented expression of endothelial adhesion molecules (AMs). So far it is, however, unknown whether increased circulating (c) AMs in NIDDM are only a consequence of this disease or also involved in its sequelae. To determine the presence of cAMs in a population at increased risk for subsequent development of NIDDM, we analyzed fasting and postprandial [oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT): 100 g] serum concentrations of circulating E-selectin, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (cVCAM-1), and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (cICAM-1) in pregnant women with either gestational diabetes (GDM) or normal glucose tolerance (NT) before and after delivery vs. nonpregnant healthy women (C). During pregnancy cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 were elevated in both GDM and NT vs. nonpregnant females (P < 0.01 vs. C). Following delivery, all GDM females regained normal glucose tolerance according to OGTT criteria, but showed slightly higher postprandial [area under the curve (AUC)(180 min)] glycemia and HbA1c values than nonpregnant healthy women (P < 0.05), indicating persisting subtle abnormalities in carbohydrate metabolism. cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 remained increased in GDM (P < 0.01 vs. C) after delivery, but fell to normal in NT (P < 0.05 before vs. after delivery). Furthermore, a correlation was seen in GDM females between cE-selectin and HbA1c (P < 0.005), fasting glucose (P < 0.01), and insulin (P < 0.05) as well as postprandial (AUC(180 min)) glucose and insulin concentrations (P < 0.05) during OGTTs, both before and after delivery. ICAM-1, however, did not differ significantly between groups. In summary, GDM is characterized by persistently raised levels of cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 12 weeks after delivery. Whether these persistent elevations of cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 reflect early vascular injury or represent a risk factor for atherosclerosis in women at increased risk for NIDDM remains to be determined.
Effect of subsequent pregnancies on the risk of developing diabetes following a first pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes: a population-based study; P>Aims Women with gestational diabetes mellitus have a high risk of developing Type 2 diabetes, secondary to post-partum progression of the chronic pancreatic ss-cell defect that underlies their presenting with dysglycaemia in pregnancy. Insulin-sensitizing therapy can decrease this risk of Type 2 diabetes, partly by offloading the secretory demand placed on the ss-cells. Conversely, however, it is not known whether the considerable secretory demands posed by the physiologic insulin resistance of a subsequent pregnancy could accelerate the progression to Type 2 diabetes. Thus, we sought to determine whether subsequent pregnancies are associated with the risk of developing diabetes following gestational diabetes. Methods Using a population-based administrative database, we identified all women in Ontario, Canada, whose first pregnancy was between April 2000 and March 2007 and was complicated by gestational diabetes (n = 16 817). This cohort was followed for a median 4.5 years for subsequent pregnancies and the development of diabetes. Results During follow-up, 2731 women (16.2%) developed diabetes. Gestational diabetes recurred in 41.5% of subsequent pregnancies. Interestingly, after covariate adjustment, a subsequent pregnancy was associated with a reduced risk of diabetes (adjusted hazard ratio (HR) = 0.68, 95%CI 0.60-0.76; P < 0.0001). Specifically, whereas each subsequent gestational diabetes pregnancy was associated with a modestly increased risk of diabetes (adjusted HR = 1.16, 95%CI 1.01-1.34; P = 0.03), each non-gestational diabetes pregnancy was associated with a significantly reduced risk of diabetes (adjusted HR = 0.34, 95%CI 0.27-0.41; P < 0.0001). Conclusions A subsequent pregnancy is not necessarily associated with an increased risk of Type 2 diabetes following gestational diabetes. Instead, the absence of recurrent gestational diabetes in a subsequent pregnancy may identify a lessened risk of developing Type 2 diabetes in this high-risk patient population.
Women-specific risk factors for heart failure: A genetic approach; Heart failure is a complex disease, which is presented differently by men and women. Several studies have shown that reproductive factors, such as age at natural menopause, parity and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), may play a role in the development of heart failure. Shared genetics may provide clues to underlying mechanisms; however, this has never been examined. Therefore, the aim of the current study was to explore whether any reproductive factor is potentially related to heart failure in women, based on genetic similarities. Conducting a systematic literature review, single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with reproductive factors, heart failure and its risk factors were extracted from recent genome-wide association studies. We tested whether there was any overlap between the SNPs and their proxies of reproductive risk factors with those known for heart failure or its risk factors. In total, 520 genetic variants were found that are associated with reproductive factors, namely age at menarche, age at natural menopause, menstrual cycle length, PCOS, preeclampsia, pre-term delivery and spontaneous dizygotic twinning. For heart failure and associated phenotypes, 25 variants were found. Genetic variants for reproductive factors did not overlap with those for heart failure. However, age at menarche, gestational diabetes and PCOS were found to be genetically linked to risk factors for heart failure, such as atrial fibrillation, diabetes and smoking. Corresponding implicated genes, such as TNNI3K, ErbB3, MKL2, MTNR1B and PRKD1, may explain the associations between reproductive factors and heart failure. Exact effector mechanisms of these genes remain to be investigated further.
Association between hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and the risk of postpartum hypertension: a cohort study in women with gestational diabetes; Previous studies in general people indicated that hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) increased the risk of subsequent hypertension after delivery. Some studies found that women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) had an increased risk of HDP. However, very few studies have assessed the association between HDP and the risk of postpartum hypertension among GDM women. To evaluate the association between HDP and the risk of postpartum hypertension among GDM women, a retrospective cohort study was conducted in 1261 women with prior GDM at their postpartum 1-5 years using the baseline data from Tianjin Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Prevention Program. Cox regression models were applied to assess the single and joint associations of having a history of HDP, maternal pre-pregnancy Body mass index (BMI) (normal weight, overweight and obesity), and weight change from preconception to post-delivery with the risk of subsequent hypertension among the GDM women. We found that GDM women with a history of HDP, high pre-pregnancy BMI and weight gain >7 kg from preconception to post-delivery had an increased risk of postpartum hypertension. Joint effects analysis revealed that the positive association between a history of HDP in the index pregnancy and the risk of postpartum hypertension was consistent in GDM women with different levels of pre-pregnancy BMI or weight gain from preconception to post-delivery. In conclusion, a history of HDP, high pre-pregnancy BMI and weight gain >7 kg from preconception to post-delivery increase the risk of subsequent hypertension in postpartum 1-5 years among GDM women.
Roles of osteoprotegerin in endocrine and metabolic disorders through receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand/receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B signaling; Endocrine and metabolic diseases show increasing incidence and high treatment costs worldwide. Due to the complexity of their etiology and mechanism, therapeutic strategies are still lacking. Osteoprotegerin (OPG), a member of the tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily, appears to be a potential candidate for the treatment of these diseases. Studies based on clinical analysis and rodent animal models reveal the roles of OPG in various endocrine and metabolic processes or disorders, such as bone remodeling, vascular calcification, and beta-cell proliferation, through the receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL) and the receptor activator of NF-kappa B (RANK). Thus, in this review, we mainly focus on relevant diseases, including osteoporosis, cardiovascular disease (CVD), diabetes, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), to summarize the effects of the RANKL/RANK/OPG system in endocrine and metabolic tissues and diseases, thereby providing a comprehensive insight into OPG as a potential drug for endocrine and metabolic diseases.
Fetal heart rate in patients diagnosed with pregestational and gestational diabetes; Fetal heart rate values and the variations of its different indexes were determined in patients diagnosed with either preexisting or gestational diabetes and were compared to a control group. The size of the sample was 46 patients, which was divided in 3 groups: 1. Preexisting diabetes (n = 15): the range of the patients age was 20 to 42 years with a mean and standard deviation of 32.2 +/- 7.13 years. The range of the pregnancy age was 23 to 37 weeks, with a mean and standard deviation of 31 +/- 3.5 weeks. 2. Gestational diabetes (n = 11): the range of the patients age was 22 to 40 years, with a mean and standard deviation of 30.54 +/- 6.04 years. The range of the pregnancy age was 26 to 37 weeks, with a mean and standard deviation of 32 +/- 3.5 weeks. 3. Control group (n = 20): the range of the patients age was 19 to 38 years, with a mean and standard deviation of 27.45 +/- 5.69 years. The range of the pregnancy age was 27 to 39 weeks, with a mean and standard deviation of 33.25 +/- 3.11 weeks. Uterine contractility and fetal heart rate registers were carried out with a Hewlett-Packard Monitor, Model 1350 of the 50 XM Series. The duration was 2: 00 hours. At the beginning of each register, patients were taken a blood sample to obtain glucose levels. Each patient was taken its blood pressure, pulse, temperature and breathing frecuency levels, abdominal circumference and uterine height were measured and fetal heart beats were checked. For the statistical analisys of basal fetal heart rate and the amplitude of the accelerations the one way variance test was used. Preexisting diabetes: the range of FHR was 120165 beats, with a mean and standard deviation of 142.802 +/- 7.826 beats. Gestational diabetes: the range was 115-160 beats, with a mean and standard deviation of 141.82 +/- 9.150 beats. Control group: the range was 110-170 beats, with a mean and standard deviation of 135.5 +/- 10.57 beats. The difference between means was significant; p = 0.0000. A comparative analisys of the amplitude of accelerations among the 3 study groups was made. Preexisting diabetes: the amplitude of accelerations had a range of 10 to 50 beats, with a mean of 24.198 beats. Gestational diabetes: the range was 8 to 45 beats, with a mean of 22.61 beats. Control group: the range was 8 to 50 beats, with a mean of 24.81 beats. The difference between means was significant; p = 0.05, which tells us these facts are for real and not at random. Glucose values were: Preexisting diabetes: the range of glycemia was 75 to 220 mg/dl; with a mean and standard deviation of 122.4 +/- 44.79 mg/dl. Gestational diabetes: the range was 74 to 221 mg/dl; with a mean and standard deviation of 119.9 +/- 48.11 mg/dl. Control group: glucose remained within the normal range. In the 1st and 2nd groups, the difference between means was not significant; p = 0.89. The physical state of the newborns was measured according to the Apgar test, at the 1st and 5th minutes; all newborns were vigorous. All studies were longitudinal.
Biological and sociocultural determinants of increased blood pressure among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus in rural China: a retrospective cohort study; Objectives Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of hypertension and cardiovascular events among mothers later in life. This risk has not been well recognised by healthcare professionals in rural China. Our objectives were to (1) describe the proportion of rural women with increased blood pressure and a history of GDM; and (2) explore the biological and sociocultural factors associated with increased blood pressure. Design A retrospective cohort study using data from a cross-sectional survey. Setting Data were collected in two county-level hospitals in the central south of China between November 2017 and June 2018. Participants Postpartum women aged >18 years with a history of GDM (N=397). Methods Biological and sociocultural variables were examined. We used bivariate analyses to examine the associations between time since delivery and 2-hour postload glucose, and logistic regression to determine the biological and sociocultural factors associated with increased postpartum blood pressure. Results Approximately 20% (n=78) of women had increased blood pressure, defined as a systolic blood pressure >= 130 mm Hg and/or a diastolic blood pressure >= 85 mm Hg. The biological factors of advanced age, family history of hypertension and abnormal 2-hour postload plasma glucose levels were positively associated with increased blood pressure (p<0.05). General self-efficacy was the only sociocultural factor negatively associated with increased blood pressure (p<0.05). Conclusions One in five rural Chinese postpartum women with a history of GDM were found to have increased blood pressure. Biological and sociocultural factors were associated with increased postpartum blood pressure; women with lower general self-efficacy were more likely to have increased blood pressure. Disseminating knowledge about the high risk of developing increased blood pressure among women with prior GDM in rural China is indicated. Diabetes prevention programmes could consider adding general self-efficacy promotion strategies in this population.
Risk of cardiovascular events after gestational diabetes: a retrospective population study; Aims To investigate whether the risk for post-partum cardiovascular diseases (CVD) is driven by gestational diabetes (GDM), by GDM-related risk factors and/or by pre-gestational (Pre-GD) or post-gestational diabetes (Post-GD). Methods Women delivering in Tuscany, Italy in years 2010-2012 (n = 74,720), were identified from certificates of care at delivery and further identified as affected with GDM, Pre-GD or Post-GD through regional administrative databases. Women with GDM, Pre-GD or Post-GD were retrospectively evaluated for risk of post-partum hospitalizations for CVD (myocardial infarction or stroke; n = 728) across years 2013-2021, comparing women with different forms of diabetes to those without diabetes. Risk of CVD was assessed as odds ratio (OR 95% CI), after logistic multivariate models, considering all recorded pre-gestational characteristics as covariates. Results The adjusted OR (aOR) for post-partum CVD hospitalizations was not significantly related to GDM itself (aOR: 0.85; 0.64-1.12; p = ns), but increased in women with Pre-GD (aOR: 2.02; 1.09-3.71; p = 0.024) and Post-GD, associated or not to prior GDM (aOR; 4.21; 2.45-7.23 and respectively aOR: 3.80; 2.38-6.05; p < 0.0001 for both). In presence of pre-pregnancy maternal obesity (BMI >= 30 kg/m(2)) the aOR of CVD approximatively doubled (aOR: 1.90; 1.51-2.40); p < 0.0001, independently of GDM and of Post-GD. The adjusted risk of CVD was lower among employed women (aOR: 0.83; 0.70-0.99); p = 0.04 and significantly higher in presence of poorer education levels (aOR: 1.32; 1.11-1.57); p < 0.0001. Conclusion In this population the risk of post-partum CVD was driven by Pre- and Post-GD, not by GDM alone. Pre-gestational obesity represented a major independent risk factor for post-partum CVD.
Prediction of women's long-term cardiometabolic risks using glycemic indices during pregnancy; Aims: To study the prediction of abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT), diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertension (HT) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) among Chinese women using glycemic indices in the mid-trimester of pregnancy. Methods: A cohort of Chinese women who had had either normal glucose tolerance or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during a pregnancy were assessed at a median of 8 and 15 years post-delivery. All women underwent a 50-g glucose challenge test (GCT) and a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test in the mid-trimester of the index pregnancy. A receiver operating characteristic curve was used to assess the prediction of AGT, DM, HT and MetS. Results: All glycemic indices were significant predictors of AGT and DM, and the 2-h plasma glucose (PG) and GCT were predictive of HT, at both 8 and 15 years post-delivery. MetS can only be predicted by the fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and was confined to 15 years post-delivery. After adjustment for confounding variables, all glycemic indices were still independent predictors of AGT and DM at both 8 and 15 years post-delivery, except for FPG in predicting DM at 8 years, while only the 2-h PG remains an independent predictor of HT at 15 years. The optimal cut-off values for FPG, 2-h PG and GCT are 4.2 mmol/L, 7.2 mmol/L and 7.7 mmol/L, respectively; all are lower than the current cut-off thresholds for the screening and diagnosis of GDM. Conclusions: Women who had a glycemic level below the criteria for a positive screening test and below the diagnostic threshold for GDM still have a significant cardiometabolic risk.
Relationships between early-life family poverty and relative socioeconomic status with gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy later in life; Purpose: Low early-life absolute and relative socioeconomic status (SES) may contribute to socioeconomic disparities in pregnancy complications (i.e., gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM], preeclampsia/eclampsia [PE], hypertensive disorders of pregnancy [HDP; preeclampsia/eclampsia, gestational hypertension, chronic hypertension]), but their independent associations with pregnancy complications have not been studied. This study investigated associations of early-life poverty and relative SES with risks of GDM, PE, and HDP.Methods: National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent to Adult Health data were used (GDM n = 802; PE n = 813; HDP n = 801). Objective poverty was defined as wave I low-income or receipt of federal nutrition assistance benefits. Relative SES was self-reported at wave V (ages 33-39) by asking whether the participant's family was financially worse off than average when growing up. Logistic regressions assessed relationships between poverty, relative SES, and self-reported lifetime diagnoses of GDM, PE, or HDP.Results: Lifetime prevalences of GDM, PE, and HDP were 9.23%, 12.00%, and 21.93%, respectively. Low relative SES (odds ratio: 2.04 [1.07, 3.89]) and poverty (odds ratio: 1.81 [0.97, 3.38]) were independently associated with GDM but not with PE or HDP. Conclusions: Early-life poverty and relative SES are associated with GDM; understanding the mechanisms underlying these associations may help identify novel intervention targets to reduce socioeconomic disparities in GDM.Published by Elsevier Inc.
Physical activity and pregnancy outcomes: an expert review; This expert review aimed to assess current literature on the effect and tracking of physical activity during pregnancy and associated outcomes. Self-reported physical activity may be inaccurate given the subjective nature of the questionnaires. The accelerometer ActiGraph is considered the "gold standard" to objectively measure physical activity. However, other more user-friendly wearable devices are now widely available and may accurately track physical activity. Conclusive data from both validated activity questionnaires and accelerometers indicate that physical activity is safe during pregnancy. In addition, studies of physical activity during pregnancy that evaluate pregnancy outcomes have found reduced risks of preterm birth, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus and improved mental health among individuals who regularly engage in physical activity. In the United States, approximately 48% of pregnant individuals gain more than the recommended amount of weight during pregnancy; excessive gestational weight gain is associated with an increased risk of maternal and fetal complications, including preterm birth, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus, and corresponding higher adverse short- and long-term maternal and offspring health outcomes. Although physical activity is safe during pregnancy and may reduce excessive gestational weight gain and resultant pregnancy complications, further research is needed to determine the frequency and duration of specific types of physical activity during pregnancy. Providers should encourage physical activity before and during pregnancy and educate patients regarding the benefits and safety of physical activity.
Is there an association between glomerular hyperfiltration and coronary flow velocity reserve in patients with gestational diabetes history?; Glomerular hyperfiltration (GHF) is an early marker of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and may predict coronary microvascular dysfunction, presenting as reduced coronary flow velocity reserve (CFVR) in patients with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM). This study aimed to assess the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and compare CFVR in patients with a history of GDM. We screened patients referred to the Cardiology Department of Istanbul Medeniyet University for angina pectoris, excluding those with positive treadmill test results. Women with a history of GDM were categorized into three groups based on GFR levels: Group 1 (60-89 ml/min), Group 2 (90-119 119 ml/min), and Group 3 (>= 120 ml/min). Coronary diastolic peak velocities were measured at baseline and after dipyridamole administration, with CFVR defined as the ratio of hyperemic to baseline diastolic peak velocities. The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and body mass index were derived from patient files. A total of 166 patients were included: 57 in Group 1, 80 in Group 2, and 29 in Group 3. HOMA-IR was higher in Group 3 compared to Group 2 (P P < 0.05). Group 1 had the lowest CFVR (2.3 +/- 0.3%), Group 2 had the highest (2.5 +/- 0.3%), and Group 3 showed a moderate decrease in CFVR (2.4 +/- 0.3%). Multivariate linear regression analysis revealed that HbA1c was independently associated with CFVR. In patients with GDM, GHF is associated with reduced CFVR, linked to metabolic parameters such as HbA1c and HOMA-IR. Interventions to improve metabolic health may prevent cardiovascular disease in these patients.
Macrosomia is a risk factor for incident maternal chronic kidney disease; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and macrosomia are associated with several adverse outcomes including diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular diseases, however, the relationship between GDWmacrosomia with incident chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a matter of debate. The purpose of this study was to examine the association between the history of macrosomia with or without GDM and incident maternal CKD. Methods: The study population includes 2669 women aged 18-50 years without known diabetes mellitus and CKD from participants of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study. The study population was categorized into 3 groups; group 1: GDM/macrosomia and without diabetes mellitus (n = 204), group 2: newly diagnosed incident diabetes mellitus (NDM) in the presence or abcence of GDW/Macrosomia (n = 113), and, group 3: the reference group including women without prior history of GDW/macrosomia and free of NDM (n = 2352). CKD was defined as an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) < 60 ml/min/1.73 m(2). Multivariable Cox proportional hazard regression adjusted for baseline values of age, body mass index, waist circumference, parity numbers, smoking, educational level, gestational hypertension, eGFR, systolic and diastolic blood pressures (SBP and DBP, respectively), anti-hypertensive medication, and family history of diabetes mellitus was applied for data analyses. Results: During a median follow-up of 11.9 years, 613 incident CKD cases were identified. The multivariable hazard ratio (HR) arid 95% confidence interval (CI) on GDW/macrosomia group was [132 (1.02-1.72)]; the risk was more prominent among non-hypertensive women [1.41 (1.07-1.85); P for interaction: 0.046]. Moreover, the history of macrosomia alone also showed a significant risk [136 (1.04-1.78)]; however, history of GDM alone did not have a significant risk [0.92 (0.34-2.46)]. Age, current smoking, eGFR, and SBP remained as independent risk factors for incident CKD. Conclusions: A history of GDM/macrosomia or macrosomia alone, independent of subsequent diabetes mellitus was associated with significant risk for incident maternal CKD. Pregnancy may provide a unique situation to identify high-risk women at risk for CKD that could benefit from regular monitoring of kidney function and providing risk modifying strategies.
Low Carbohydrate-Diet Scores and Long-term Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Among Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Cohort Study; OBJECTIVE Low-carbohydrate diets (LCDs) may improve short-term glycemic control in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), but the long-term effect on progression from GDM to type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is unknown. We aimed to examine the long-term risk of T2DM in association with a low-carbohydrate dietary pattern among women with a history of GDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS Overall, 4,502 women with a history of GDM from the Nurses' Health Study II (NHSII) cohort, as part of the Diabetes & Women's Health (DWH) study, were followed up from 1991 to 2011. Overall, animal, or vegetable LCD scores, which represent adherence to different low-carbohydrate dietary patterns, were calculated using diet intake information assessed every 4 years since 1991 by validated food-frequency questionnaires. We used Cox proportional hazards models to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs. RESULTS We documented 722 incident cases of T2DM during 68,897 person-years of observation. The multivariable-adjusted HRs (95% CIs) of T2DM, comparing the highest with lowest quintiles, were 1.36 (1.04-1.78) for overall LCD score (P = 0.003 for trend), 1.40 (1.06-1.84) for animal LCD score (P = 0.004 for trend), and 1.19 (0.91-1.55) for vegetable LCD score (P = 0.50 for trend). CONCLUSIONS Among women with a history of GDM, a low-carbohydrate dietary pattern, particularly with high protein and fat intake mainly from animal-source foods, is associated with higher T2DM risk, whereas a low-carbohydrate dietary pattern with high protein and fat intake from plant-source foods is not significantly associated with risk of T2DM.
High risk of metabolic syndrome after delivery in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes; Aims: To investigate the risk of postpartum metabolic syndrome in women with GDM compared with those without GDM in a Chinese population. Methods: Tianjin GDM observational study included 1263 women with a history of GDM and 705 women without GDM. Multivariate logistic regression was used to assess risks of postpartum metabolic syndrome between women with and without GDM. Postpartum metabolic syndrome was diagnosed by two commonly used criteria. Results: During a mean 3.53 years of follow up, 256 cases of metabolic syndrome were identified by using the NCEPATPIII criteria and 244 cases by using the IDF criteria. Multivariable-adjusted odds ratios of metabolic syndrome in women with GDM compared with those without GDM were 3.66 (95% confidence interval [CI] 2.02-6.63) for NCEP ATPIII criteria and 3.90 (95% CI 2.13-7.14) for IDF criteria. Women with GDM had higher multivariable-adjusted odds ratios of central obesity, hypertriglyceridemia, and high blood pressure than women without GDM. The multivariable-adjusted odds ratios of low HDL cholesterol and hyperglycemia were not significant between women with and without GDM, however, the multivariable-adjusted odds ratio of hyperglycemia became significant when we used the modified criteria. Conclusions: The present study indicated that women with prior GDM had significantly higher risks for postpartum metabolic syndrome, as well as its individual components. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Fetal echocardiographic screening of diabetic pregnancies for congenital heart disease; This study sought to assess pregnant diabetic women for the presence of fetal cardiac anomalies and to determine whether better diabetic control was associated with a reduced risk to the fetus. Between 1988 and 1995, pregnant type I and II diabetic women routinely underwent fetal echocardiography. Hemoglobin Ale values were used as an indicator of maternal diabetic control and any relation between congenital heart disease in the fetus and maternal hemoglobin Ale levels was sought. Cardiac defects were identified in 7 of 328 pregnancies assessed, for an incidence of congenital heart disease of 2.1% (95% confidence interval: 0.6-3.6%). A review of the postnatal cardiac database did not reveal any undetected major malformations. The mean hemoglobin Ale level was 7.6% +/- 2.0% obtained at a mean gestational age of 12 +/- 7 weeks. Hemoglobin Ale levels of mothers carrying a fetus with congenital heart disease did not significantly differ from those with a normal fetus: 8.1% +/- 3.4% versus 7.6% +/- 1.9% (p = 0.48). Mothers with an affected fetus demonstrated a wide range of HbA1c levels (4.1 to 13.7%). Thus, the incidence of significant fetal cardiac abnormalities is low and not significantly related to maternal diabetic control.
Metformin, the Aspirin of the 21st Century: Its Role in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Prevention of Preeclampsia and Cancer, and the Promotion of Longevity; Metformin (dimethylbiguanide hydrochloride) was initially introduced as an antidiabetic agent; however, in recent years, it has shown a wide array of beneficial effects ranging from cancer therapy to extending longevity. As a gestational antidiabetic agent, metformin has compared favorably to insulin by showing a significantly reduced frequency of neonatal hyperglycemia, large-for-gestational-age neonates, and admissions to a neonatal intensive care unit compared with those treated with insulin. Metformin is also known to have therapeutic properties against polycystic ovary syndrome, congestive heart failure, chronic liver and kidney disease, multiple sclerosis, renal tubulointerstitial fibrosis, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Recent studies also reveal metformin to be effective in treating and preventing preeclampsia. This article discusses the history of metformin and analyzes its mechanism of action in a variety of processes. The literature reviewed shows 2 primary mechanisms: suppression of intracellular metabolic activity of mitochondria and the cellular nutrient-sensing system mediated by mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR). This article reviews the results of metaanalyses on the role of metformin in preventing gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), as well as in treating obese, nondiabetic pregnant women to prevent preeclampsia. One randomized controlled clinical trial showed that although metformin did not reduce the frequency of large-for-gestational-age neonates, it significantly reduced the frequency of preeclampsia and also contributed toward reduction in maternal weight gain. One study cited showed that metformin reduced the production of sFlt-1 and soluble endoglin by endothelial cells, villous trophoblast, and villous explants. The administration of sFlt-1 or soluble endoglin to animals produces changes characteristic of preeclampsia, and this report suggested that metformin regulates these antiangiogenic factors at the mitochondrial level. Metformin could also prevent preeclampsia by modifying the cellular nutrient-sensing system utilized by the placenta. This system is mediated by mTOR and involves the mechanistic target rapamycin, an mTOR inhibitor. The activation of mTOR is positively correlated with first-trimester maternal body mass index, which links maternal overnutrition and placental nutrient sensing. In addition, down-regulation of mTOR in the placenta has been seen in small-for-gestational-age fetuses. It is unclear whether this is the effect of a primary defect in the sensing mechanism or an adaptive response. Metaanalyses studying the teratogenic effect of metformin on embryonic growth showed that metformin did not increase the risk of congenital malformations and fetal or neonatal complications, indicating the safety of metformin use during pregnancy. Although studies have shown that metformin targets several age-related pathways, the mechanism by which it prolongs life are still unclear. Although showing promising results in many arenas, further research is required to elucidate the mechanism of action of metformin.
Effect of diaphragmatic breathing exercise on psychological parameters in gestational diabetes: A randomised controlled trial; Introduction: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) affects approximately 12% of women all over the world and its control is important. Diaphragmatic breathing exercises are one of the approaches being used for pregnant women with gestational diabetes to help prenatal attachment and reduce depression, anxiety and stress. Methods: This randomised controlled trial of women with gestational diabetes randomly allocated 60 women into either an intervention group or a control group. Over a period of 30 days, the intervention group was asked to practice diaphragmatic breathing exercises for 5 min, once a day. Individuals in the control group were invited to talk about their pregnancy twice during the same time period. Demographic and clinical data were collected using a pregnancy identification form. Outcome measures included the Depression Anxiety Stress Scale (DASS), and Prenatal Attachment Inventory (PAI). Results: The mean age of in the intervention and control groups was 30.6 +/- 3.3 and 31.3 +/- 3.1, respectively, while the mean gestational age was 27.2 +/- 0.8 and 27.2 +/- 1.0, respectively. The increase in PAI value on day 30 compared to day 1 was more significant in the intervention group than in the control group (p = .000). The rate of decrease in the total DASS score on day 30 compared to day 1 was significantly higher in the intervention group than in the control group (p = .000). Conclusion: The results of the study indicate that diaphragmatic breathing exercises appear to provide positive effects on psychological state and may increase levels of maternal-foetal attachment.
Do Women with Diabetes Need More Intensive Action for Cardiovascular Reduction than Men with Diabetes?; Purpose of Review This narrative review makes the case for greater efforts to reduce cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in women with diabetes. Recent Findings In a recent meta-analysis including five CVOTs of diabetes medications with 46,606 subjects, women (vs men) with type 2 diabetes had a higher relative risk for stroke (RR 1.28; 95% CI 1.09, 1.50) and heart failure (1.30; 1.21, 1.40). Prior studies found higher "within-gender" RR for CVD mortality in women with diabetes although men have an absolute higher risk. Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 2-fold higher CVD risk than the background population. Worse CVD and CVD risk factor management in women, as well as lower female therapy adherence, contribute further to these disparities. The mechanism behind this excess risk includes biological, hormonal, socioeconomic, clinical, and behavioral factors that still require further investigation. The need for more intensive CVD reduction in women now includes more attention to screening for both incident diabetes and CVD risk factors among high-risk women.
Abnormal Fetal Echocardiography in Diabetic Pregnant Women at a Tertiary Care Hospital: A Descriptive Cross-sectional Study; Introduction: The sedentary lifestyle of women and change in their food habits has a significant role in developing diabetes in pregnancies. This leads to an increased chance of fetal cardiac abnormality born by a mother with gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes. The objective of the study is to find out the prevalence of abnormal fetal echocardiography in gestational and pre-existing diabetic pregnant women at a tertiary care hospital. Methods: A descriptive cross-sectional study was conducted among 104 diabetic pregnant women in a tertiary care hospital from April 15, 2017, to April 14, 2018. Ethical approval was obtained from the institutional review committee. The convenient sampling method was used. The patients who were diagnosed as gestational diabetes and diabetic before pregnancy were included in the study. Fetal echocardiography was mainly done at a gestational age of 22-32 weeks depending upon the time of diagnosis of gestational diabetes and for pre-diabetic women, fetal echocardiography was done at 24-26 weeks of gestation. Statistical analysis was done using the Statistical Package of the Social Sciences version 20. Results: Among 104 patients, 16 (15.38%) patients had abnormal fetal echocardiography. Eighty-three (79.81%) were gestational diabetics, 21 (20.19%) were pre-existing diabetic women. Among 83 gestational diabetes, 7 (8.4%) had abnormal echo finding and among 21 pre-existing diabetics, 9 (42.8%) had abnormal echo finding. Conclusions: There was an increased chance of fetal cardiac malformation in gestational diabetic and pre-existing diabetics diabetic especially in an uncontrolled glycemic state. And, if they were diagnosed prenatally, clinical outcomes for both mother and fetus would have been better.
The Influence of Lipid and Proinflammatory Status on Maternal Uterine Blood Flow in Women With Late Onset Gestational Diabetes; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased proinflammatory cytokines and is also associated with adverse cardiovascular disease (CVD) outcomes later in life. We aim to evaluate the relationships between uterine arteries vascularization and endothelial dysfunction markers, proinflammatory cytokines, and glycemic and lipid profile in women with GDM. Methods: Fifty pregnant women were recruited at the third trimester of pregnancy for a prospective cohort study. They were classified into 2 groups: control and GDM. Comparisons of maternal plasma concentrations of endothelial dysfunction markers (vascular cell adhesion molecule 1, intercellular adhesion molecule 1, and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1), proinflammatory cytokines and mediators (interleukin 6 [IL-6], tumor necrosis factor , vascular endothelial growth factor, placental growth factor, leptin, leukocyte count, and C-reactive protein), lipid profile, glucose, and glycosylated hemoglobin levels were performed. Mean uterine arteries Doppler pulsatility index (PI) was calculated and the relationships between the variables and PI were also analyzed. Results: Women with GDM showed higher proinflammatory cytokines, however, endothelial dysfunction markers were similar in both groups. In the diabetic group, significant correlations were found between the mean uterine arteries PI and maternal IL-6 (r = .56, P = .01), triglycerides (r = .49; P = .03), total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) ratio (r = .61; P = .006), glucose (r = .62, P = .005), and glycosylated hemoglobin (r = .48; P = .03). A negative significant correlation between mean uterine arteries PI and HDLc (r = -.58; P = .02) was also found. Conclusion: The proinflammatory status, hyperlipidemia, and metabolic control correlate with uterine blood flow velocity waveforms in women with gestational diabetes.
Prevention of Diabetes after Gestational Diabetes: Better Translation of Nutrition and Lifestyle Messages Needed; Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) and Gestational Diabetes (GDM) are important and escalating problems worldwide. GDM increases the risk of complications in pregnancy and birth, as well as a 1 in 2 chance of developing T2DM later in life. The burden of GDM extends to offspring, who have an increased risk of obesity and diabetes-further perpetuating the cycle of diabetes within families. Clinical trial evidence demonstrates T2DM incidence reduced by up to 50% for women with GDM with nutrition and physical activity changes and the economic modeling suggests cost effectiveness. The key diet-related changes to reduce T2DM risk are reviewed, in addition to breastfeeding. The difficulties associated with the delivery of dietary and lifestyle behaviour change to women after GDM are discussed and focus on: complex healthcare system interactions needed for care delivery; women finding postpartum self-care challenging; and low levels of awareness being present across the board. In addition, studies currently underway to improve care provision in this important area will be examined.
DOES GESTATIONAL DIABETES REPRESENT AN OBSTETRICAL RISK FACTOR; In order to assess the clinical consequences of gestational diabetes in the index pregnancy, a group of patients with positive oral glucose challenge test and their matched controls have been closely followed up. No differences in perinatal outcome have been pointed out, except for the higher rate (p < 0.01) among diabetic patients of preterm delivery and pregnancy-induced hypertension. The prevalence of the latter has shown no relationship to maternal obesity. In view of these data, the future risk of cardiovascular disease of this cohort of patients needs to be assessed with a follow-up study.
A STUDY OF CLINICAL, METABOLIC AND HAEMATOLOGICAL PROFILE IN INFANTS OF DIABETIC MOTHERS, KARAD; BACKGROUND Diabetes is one of the most common metabolic disorder complicating pregnancy. Infants born to diabetic mothers (IDMs) are at increased risk of serious complications compared to those of nondiabetic mothers. This study focuses on various clinical, metabolic and haematological complications of infants of diabetic mothers, both gestational and pregestational diabetes. MATERIALS AND METHODS This hospital-based prospective observational study was conducted in Krishna Institute of Medical Sciences Deemed University, Karad, Maharashtra, over a period of 9 months duration. 25 infants of diabetic mothers admitted to the NICU were included in the study. Maternal history regarding diabetes mellitus was obtained and complete neonatal examination was performed and recorded. Relevant biochemical and haematological tests as well as echocardiography was conducted in all the neonates. RESULTS Of the 25 neonates, 21 (84%) were born to mothers with gestational diabetes and 4 (16%) were born to mothers with pregestational diabetes. Most of them, 14 (56%) were delivered by normal vaginal delivery. 2 (8%) were born prematurely. Majority of them were AGA (68%). The most common haematological and metabolic abnormalities recorded were hypoglycaemia (32%), polycythaemia (56%) and hyperbilirubinaemia (48%). Congenital malformations were seen in 28% babies in the form of heart disease. There were no neonatal deaths in our study. CONCLUSION Maternal diabetes has an adverse effect on foetal growth, glucose metabolism, oxygenation and preparation for extrauterine life. Our study suggests that hypoglycaemia and polycythaemia remain the most common complication in infants of diabetic mothers. They are also at a greater risk for congenital heart diseases.
Do self-reported pregnancy complications add to risk evaluation in older women with established cardiovascular disease?; Background: In postmenopausal women with established cardiovascular disease (CVD), it is unknown whether a history of pregnancy complications are related to multisite artery disease (MSAD), defined as atherosclerotic lesions in at least two major vascular beds. Pregnancy complications are an established risk factor for CVD. This study aimed to investigate the frequency of pregnancy complications and their association to specific atherosclerotic manifestations and prediction of MSAD in older women with and without CVD. Methods: In total, 556 women were invited to participate in the study. Of these women 307 reported former pregnancy from a cohort of women with (n = 233) and without CVD (n = 74). The self-reported frequency of pregnancy complications were surveyed retrospectively by a questionnaire that included miscarriage, subfertility, gestational hypertension (GHT) and/or preeclampsia (PE), low birth weight, preterm birth, bleeding in late pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and high birth weight. Three vascular beds were examined, the peripheral, carotid and coronary arteries. Results: The mean age was 67.5 (SD 9.5) years. GHT and/or PE tended to be more common, but not significant, in women with CVD than in women without (20.3% vs 10.8%, p = 0.066). Among women with GHT and/or PE, hypertension later in life were more frequent than in women without (66.7% vs 47.4%, p = 0.010). GHT and/or PE were not associated with specific atherosclerotic manifestations or prediction of MSAD. Conclusions: In older women with established CVD, pregnancy complications was not associated to specific atherosclerotic manifestations and may not provide additional value to the risk evaluation for MSAD.
Studies to Improve Perinatal Health through Diet and Lifestyle among South Asian Women Living in Canada: A Brief History and Future Research Directions; South Asians (i.e., people who originate from India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Nepal, and Bangladesh) have higher cardiovascular disease rates than other populations, and these differences persist in their offspring. Nutrition is a critical lifestyle-related factor that influences fetal development, and infant and child health in early life. In high-income countries such as Canada, nutrition-related health risks arise primarily from overnutrition, most strikingly for obesity and associated non-communicable diseases. Evidence for developmental programming during fetal life underscores the critical influence of maternal diet on fetal growth and development, backed by several birth cohort studies including the Pune Maternal Nutrition Study, the South Asian Birth Cohort Study, and the Born in Bradford Study. Gestational diabetes mellitus is a strong risk factor for type 2 diabetes, future atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease in the mother and increases the risk of type 2 diabetes in her offspring. Non-pharmacological trials to prevent gestational diabetes are few, often not randomized, and are heterogeneous with respect to design, and outcomes have not converged upon a single optimal prevention strategy. The aim of this review is to provide an understanding of the current knowledge around perinatal nutrition and gestational diabetes among the high-risk South Asian population as well as summarize our research activities investigating the role of culturally-tailored nutrition advice to South Asian women living in high-income settings such as Canada. In this paper, we describe these qualitative and quantitative studies, both completed and underway. We conclude with a description of the design of a randomized trial of a culturally tailored personalized nutrition intervention to reduce gestational glycaemia in South Asian women living in Canada and its implications.
Postpartum Microalbuminuria After Gestational Diabetes: The Impact of Current Glucose Tolerance Status; Context: It has been reported that women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of microalbuminuria compared with that of their peers. Because previous GDM predicts an increased risk of prediabetes, which itself is associated with microalbuminuria, we hypothesized that current glucose intolerance may confound any association between GDM and microalbuminuria. Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the relative impact of gestational and current dysglycemia on postpartum microalbuminuria in a cohort of women reflecting the full spectrum of gestational glucose tolerance from normal to mildly abnormal to GDM. Design/Setting/Participants: In this prospective observational cohort study, 320 women underwent a glucose challenge test (GCT) and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy, which identified 100 women with GDM, 58 with gestational impaired glucose tolerance, 90 with an abnormal GCT but a normal OGTT, and 72 with a normal GCT and OGTT. At 3 years postpartum, they underwent measurement of urine microalbumin and a repeat OGTT that identified 63 women with glucose intolerance (prediabetes/diabetes). Results: The postpartum urine microalbumin to creatinine ratio did not differ among the 4 gestational glucose tolerance groups (P = .23). Furthermore, on logistic regression analysis, GDM did not independently predict an elevated urine microalbumin to creatinine ratio of >= 1.5 g/mol of creatinine (odds ratio, 0.43; 95% confidence interval, 0.17-1.11), after adjustment for age, ethnicity, family history of diabetes, body mass index, blood pressure, estimated glomerular filtration rate, and current glucose intolerance. In contrast, current glucose intolerance independently predicted a urine microalbumin to creatinine ratio of >= 1.5 (odds ratio, 3.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.4-8.2, P = .005). Conclusion: Current glucose intolerance, rather than previous GDM, may be associated with an increased risk of microalbuminuria in the early postpartum years.
How pregnant women with diabetes experience telemonitoring of the fetal heart rate - An interview study; Objectives: The use of telemonitoring in healthcare is generally increasing. Women with complicated pregnancies are using telemonitoring as an alternative to conventional management, encompassing hospitalization or frequent outpatient clinic visits. However, there is sparse evidence on how pregnant women experience monitoring of their unborn babies at home. Women might feel uncomfortable with this responsibility, and moreover they might miss face-to-face contact with healthcare personnel. Study design: The study setting was a Danish hospital with a tertiary obstetric unit attending approximately 3400 births annually. A qualitative study design with interview as method included 11 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus. This design was used to investigate how pregnant women with complicated pregnancies experienced telemonitoring of the fetus. Reflexive thematic analysis was used to analyze the pregnant women's experiences of telemonitoring. Results: Women with type 1 diabetes or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus found the advantages of telemonitoring to outweigh the disadvantages. They experienced telemonitoring as time-saving and that telemonitoring decreased the level of stress. Moreover, telemonitoring supports positive collaboration with healthcare professionals. The women also experienced a lack of coordination of consultations between different departments at the hospital and challenges with timing, feedback, and technical issues. Moreover, the women requested an opportunity to discuss family formation and emotions. Conclusions: Pregnant women with type 1 diabetes or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus benefit from the use of telemonitoring. To further improve the implementation and use of telemonitoring clinical implications, consider how timing and coordination of care, technical equipment, and feedback mechanisms could be improved.
Should we consider gestational diabetes a vascular risk factor?; Few and contrasting data have reported vascular endothelial dysfunction and increased serum levels of endothelial dysfunction and inflammatory markers in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM). We aimed at evaluating 6.5 years after delivery: intimal medial thickness (IMT), and C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), E-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), vascular adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) levels in 82 non-pregnant pGDM and 113 control women without pGDM. A subgroup of 21 women, taken from the pGDM group, showing current normal BMI, and no metabolic abnormalities, was separately analysed. All the subjects were free of medication and non-smokers. Women with pGDM, independently by their current BMI and presence of metabolic abnormalities, showed significantly higher E-selectin, ICAM-1 and IMT values than controls. IMT proved to be significantly associated with pGDM in a regression model, after adjustments for BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, and glucose values (beta = 0.046; 95% CI 0.028-0.064). In all pGDM women, E-selectin, ICAM-1, IL-6 and hs-CRP values were significantly associated with IMT in the same model. Post-GDM women, despite being currently free from metabolic abnormalities, showed higher values of markers of endothelial dysfunction and IMT than controls, consistent with an increased future cardiovascular risk. (C) 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Diet quality as assessed by the Healthy Food Intake Index and relationship with serum lipoprotein particles and serum fatty acids in pregnant women at increased risk for gestational diabetes; The importance of overall diet in modifying circulating lipoprotein particles and fatty acids during pregnancy is unclear. We examined the relationships of diet quality as assessed by the validated Healthy Food Intake Index (HFII) with serum HDL, LDL and VLDL particle concentrations and sizes and proportions of serum fatty acids in pregnant women at high risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Overall, 161 women with a BMI of >= 30 kg/m(2) and/or a history of GDM were drawn from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study, which is a dietary and exercise intervention trial to prevent GDM. At baseline, the HFII score was inversely related to concentrations of HDL particles (P=0.010) and MUFA (P=0.010) and positively related to concentrations of n-3 (P<0.001) and n-6 (P=0.003) PUFA. The significance for MUFA disappeared after adjustments. An increase in the HFII score from the first to second trimester of pregnancy correlated with reduced VLDL particle size (r -0.16, 95 % CI -0.31, -0.01), decreased MUFA concentrations (r -0.17, 95 % CI -0.31, -0.01) and elevated n-6 PUFA concentrations (r 0.16, 95 % CI 0.01, 0.31). In the maximum-adjusted model, the results remained significant except for VLDL particle size. These findings suggest that higher diet quality as defined by the HFII is related to a more favourable serum fatty acid profile, whereas the relationship with serum lipoprotein profile is limited in pregnant women at increased GDM risk.
Placental Galectin-2 Expression in Gestational Diabetes: A Systematic, Histological Analysis; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common pregnancy-associated metabolic disorder that negatively impacts on the health of both mothers and their offspring in the long-term. The molecular mechanisms involved are not fully understood. As in other states of insulin resistance, a disproportionate immune response in GDM leads to a state of chronic low-grade inflammation. Galectin-2 exerts regulatory effects on different immune cells. This study investigated galectin-2 expression in the placenta of 40 GDM patients and 40 controls, in a sex-specific manner. Immunohistochemistry was used for semi-quantitative analysis of expression strength. The phenotypes of galectin-2 expressing cells were characterized through double immunofluorescence. We found a significant up-regulation of galectin-2 in the fetal syncytiotrophoblast, as well as in the maternal decidua of GDM placentas. Double staining showed a strong galectin-2 expression in extra villous trophoblast cells and fetal endothelial cells in GDM. These findings present the first systematic investigation of galectin-2 in GDM. The findings contribute to the emerging understanding of the role of immunomodulation and inflammation in GDM and of galectin-2 itself. This might also have implications for the long-term cardiovascular health of the offspring.
Cardiovascular disease risk profiles in women with histories of gestational diabetes but without current diabetes; OBJECTIVE: To compare the cardiovascular disease risk factor profiles of parous women with a history of gestational diabetes who had not developed diabetes, parous women with diagnosed diabetes, and parous women with neither condition. METHODS: We conducted cross-sectional analyses of 4,631 parous women who were not currently pregnant in the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (1988-1994). Women were classified by self-report as having a history of gestational diabetes who were not currently diabetic (n=85), diagnosed diabetics (n=218), or as having neither condition (n=4,328). We compared these groups with respect to cholesterol subtypes, blood pressure, uric acid, microalbuminuria, insulin, glucose, and clustering of risk factors, before and after adjustment for demographic and behavioral factors and central obesity. RESULTS: In unadjusted comparisons, women who had a history of gestational diabetes who were not currently diabetics had a more favorable or similar risk factor profile compared with unaffected women, with two exceptions: greater levels of mean fasting glucose (94.0 mg/dL compared with 106.8 mg/dL, P<.001) and mean fasting insulin (10.2 international units/L compared with 14.0 international units/L, P<.001). These patterns were attenuated after adjustment for demographic factors and waist circumference, but remained significant for fasting glucose and the ratio of urine microalbumin/creatinine. Parous women with diagnosed diabetes had significantly worse cardiovascular disease risk profiles than unaffected women before and after adjustment. CONCLUSION: Women who had a history of gestational diabetes who were not currently diabetics have a similar cardiovascular disease risk profile to unaffected women, with the exception of insulin and glucose levels.
Maternal Diabetes During Pregnancy and Early Onset of Cardiovascular Disease in Offspring: Population Based Cohort Study With 40 Years of Follow Up; The primary cause of worldwide mortality and morbidity is cardiovascular disease (CVD). Recently, increases in CVD have disproportionately affected children and young adults, who have experienced the most drastic upticks in disease incidence. There is growing evidence that maternal health before and during pregnancy greatly influences offspring CVD risk. Specifically, pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in mothers can translate to their offspring as diseases such as congenital heart disease, obesity, and diabetes, all of which are risk factors for CVD. This Danish study aimed to determine the relationship between maternal diabetes and CVD risk in offspring-specifically whether or not maternal diabetes is associated with an increased risk. Danish national health registries were utilized for conduction of a population-based cohort study. The registry data allowed for analysis of Denmark's 2,432,000 live births between the years 1977 and 2016. Offspring were followed by the study until they met any of the following outcomes: CVD diagnosis, emigration, death, or the study end date of 40 years in December 2016. Maternal diabetes was defined as an umbrella term for both gestational and pregestational diabetes, and the latter included type 1 or type 2 diabetes prior to gestation. Further, participants with pregestational diabetes were divided into 2 groups: 1 or multiple complications. Offspring with congenital heart disease were excluded from the study. One thousand one hunderd fifty-three offspring of diabetic mothers and 91,211 offspring of healthy mothers experienced CVD diagnoses throughout the study's 40 years of surveillance. Offspring unexposed to maternal diabetes at 40 years old experienced a cumulative incidence of 13.1%. The group delivered to women with diabetes experienced a cumulative incidence of 17.8%; there was a 4.7% incidence difference between the exposed and unexposed offspring groups. Controlling for potential confounding factors, there was a hazard ratio of 1.29 for developing early-onset CVD (95% confidence interval, 1.21-1.37) between offspring of women with and without diabetes in pregnancy. Through sibship analysis, the study team found an association between both pregestational and GDM with increased CVD diagnostic rates in offspring. Additionally, early-onset CVD conditions such as hypertensive disease (1.78 [95% confidence interval, 1.50-2.11]), heart failure (1.45 [0.89-2.35]), deep vein thrombosis (1.82 [1.38-2.41]), and pulmonary embolism (1.91 [1.31-2.80]) were all increased. Further, the rates of these outcomes proved more extreme among offspring with mothers who experienced diabetic complications (1.60 [1.25-2.05]). Finally, early-onset CVD in offspring was greater in diabetic mothers with comorbid CVD (1.73 [1.36-2.20]). This finding is associated with the impact of comorbid CVD, but the relationship between diabetes and CVD was not significant (P value for interaction = 0.94). The association between maternal diabetes and rates of early-onset CVD in offspring can be utilized to guide clinical care and potentially impact outcomes. Specifically, improvements in the prevention and treatment of diabetes for women during their reproductive years may lead to improvements in the rates of CVD of their offspring.
<i>GCK</i>, <i>GCKR</i>, <i>FADS1</i>, <i>DGKB</i>/<i>TMEM195</i> and <i>CDKAL1</i> Gene Polymorphisms in Women with Gestational Diabetes; Objectives: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the carbohydrate intolerance that can occur in pregnancy. Genetic polymorphisms associated with type 2 diabetes could be considered as genetic determinants of GDM. The aim of this study was to examine the association between GCK, GCKR, FADS1, DGKB/TMEM195 and CDKAL1 gene polymorphisms and the development of gestational diabetes. These genetic polymorphisms are involved in glucose and lipid metabolism and are associated with increased risk for diabetes type 2. Methods: This case-control study included 204 pregnant women with GDM and 207 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance. The diagnosis of GDM was based on a 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test at 24 to 28 weeks' gestation. Results: There was a statistically significant association between FADS1 rs174550 gene polymorphism and GDM. Among women with GDM, a predominance of C-allele carriers (CC and TC genotypes) was observed (CC+TC vs. TT; p=0.00065; OR=1.97, 95% CI, 1.33 to 2.92), and this association remained significant after correction for multiple testing. In the case of the GCK rs1799884 polymorphism, there was a predominance of the T allele in women with GDM; however, this association reached only borderline statistical significance (p=0.08). Women with higher numbers of GCK rs1799884 T alleles more commonly required insulin treatment; likewise, the CDKAL1 rs10946398 CC genotype was associated with the need for insulin therapy. However, these associations do not pass the statistical significance threshold after correction for multiple testing. Conclusions: The results of our study suggest an association between the rs174550 FADS1 polymorphism and GDM risk. (C) 2017 Canadian Diabetes Association.
Comparison of QT Interval between Neonates with Maternal Gestational Diabetes and Healthy Mothers; Background: The risk of developing metabolic syndrome and diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, has been increased as a worldwide rise in obesity. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or maternal hyperglycemia is a risk factor for cardiac dysfunction in neonates. The present study compared the QT interval in neonates with maternal GDM and healthy mothers. Methods: This case-control study was carried out on term neonates with maternal GDM (case group; n=42) and healthy non-diabetic mothers (control group; n=42) in Sayyad-e-Shirazi hospital in Gorgan, Northeast of Iran, within March 2016 and February 2017. A pediatric cardiologist evaluated septal hypertrophy by Doppler echocardiography (Zonare ZS3) during the first 2 weeks after birth. A standard 12-lead electrocardiogram was recorded for 10 sec, and a corrected QT (QTc) value was calculated. The data were analyzed by the latest version of SPSS software (version 16) using the Chi-square and t-test for the assessment of the differences in the QT values and other indices between the two groups. P-values less than 0.05 were considered statistically significant. Results: The results of the present study showed congenital heart diseases (CHDs) in six neonates. Significantly higher QT (249 +/- 36 and 245 +/- 28 ms), septal thickness (6.09 +/- 1.07 and 5 +/- 1 mm), and lower QTc value (382 +/- 44.06 and 392 +/- 34 ms) were observed in the case group, compared to those reported for the control group (P<0.001). The QTc dispersion was significantly different between the subjects under insulin therapy and participants receiving an antihyperglycemic oral regimen. Conclusion: In this study, significant thicker cardiac septum and higher QT interval were observed in the neonates born from mothers with GDM in comparison to those from healthy mothers. This could suggest close cardiac monitoring of these neonates due to the higher probability of CHDs.
Gestational diabetes and subclinical inflammation: Evaluation of first year postpartum outcomes; Aim: The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between sublinical inflammation and glycemic status in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Sixty-one patients with GDM and 40 healthy pregnant women were included in the study. Fasting blood glucose (FBG), insulin, high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), lipid parameters and carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT) were measured. Fifty-five of the patients with GDM returned for a follow-up visit scheduled at 1-year post-partum. These patients were subjected to 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) followed by an evaluation of metabolic and subclinical inflammatory parameters were evaluated. Results: The mean FBG, insulin, homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMAIR), triglyceride (TG), hsCRP levels and CIMT in the women with GDM were significantly higher than those in the control group. C-reactive protein and CIMT were positively correlated with insulin, HOMA-IR, glucose value at the time of the OGTT 50, prepregnancy body mass index, TG and FBG. Multivariate logistic regression analysis on patients with sustained hyperglycemia one-year postpartum revealed elevated hsCRP levels to be independent risk factors for the development of dysglycemia. Conclusions: Elevated hsCRP levels could be predictors of progression to T2DM later in life in patients with GDM. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Incidence and predictors of mortality among neonates with congenital heart disease in Ethiopia: a retrospective cohort study; BackgroundNeonatal mortality poses a significant public health challenge in sub-Saharan Africa, with congenital heart disease emerging as the leading cause of morbidity and mortality among neonates, especially in countries like Ethiopia. Despite efforts to reduce neonatal mortality rates, Ethiopia continues to experience an increased mortality rate, particularly among neonates with congenital heart disease. This study aims to investigate the incidence and predictors of mortality in this vulnerable population within Ethiopia.MethodA retrospective cohort study was conducted at an institution, involving 583 randomly selected neonates diagnosed with congenital heart disease. In the current study, the dependent variable was survival status. Data entry utilized EpiData data version 4.6, and analysis was performed using STATA version 16. Probability of death was compared using the log-rank test and Kaplan-Meier failure curve. Significant predictors were identified using bivariable and multivariate Cox regression. Model fitness and proportional hazard assumptions were evaluated using the Cox-Snell graph and Global test, respectively. Associations were assessed by adjusted hazard ratios with 95% confidence intervals.ResultsThe study participants were followed for 4844 days. The mortality rate was 9.9%. The incidence density was 11.9 per 1000 person-days of observation. Neonatal sepsis (AHR: 2.24; 95% CI [1.18-4.23]), cyanotic congenital heart disease (AHR: 3.49; 95% CI [1.93-6.28]), home delivery (AHR: 1.9; 95% CI [1.06-3.6]), maternal history of gestational diabetes mellitus (AHR: 1.94; 95% CI [1.04-3.61]), and having additional congenital malformations (AHR: 2.49; 95% CI [1.33-4.67]) were significant predictors for neonatal mortality.Conclusion and recommendationThe incidence density of mortality was high compared to studies conducted in developed countries. Neonatal sepsis, type of congenital heart disease, place of delivery, maternal history of gestational diabetes mellitus, and having an additional congenital malformation were significant predictors of mortality among neonates with congenital heart disease. Therefore, healthcare providers should pay special attention to patients with identified predictors. Furthermore, the Federal Ministry of Health, stakeholders, and policymakers should collaborate to address this issue.
Accelerometry-Measured Physical Activity and Inflammation after Gestational Diabetes; Purpose: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse metabolic outcomes after delivery. Physical activity practice improves the inflammatory profile; however, whether this association exists in women with prior GDM remains unknown. Our objective was to examine the cardiometabolic and inflammatory risk factors associated with accelerometer-based measures of physical activity in women with prior GDM. Methods: Ninety-six women who had GDM between 2003 and 2010 were tested 2.9 +/- 2.2 yr after delivery. The physical activity practice was measured with ActiGraph GT3X (ActiGraph (TM), Pensacola, FL) accelerometers worn >= 5 d, and the time spent weekly in moderate to vigorous physical activity (MVPA) was derived. The waist circumference was measured and the inflammatory marker or cytokine concentrations were measured in fasting plasma by the xMAP (R) technology using the Bio-Plex 200 system. The lipid profile was also measured from fasting blood samples. Results: Only 31% of women accumulated at least 150 min of MVPA per week. No association was observed between the MVPA practice and any of the metabolic measurements in the whole group of women. The MVPA did not differ in groups stratified by waist circumference < 88 or >= 88 cm. In women with waist circumference < 88 cm, the MVPA was negatively correlated with circulating concentrations of C-reactive protein (r = -0.51, P = 0.006), leptin (r = -0.40, P = 0.008), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (r = -0.32, P = 0.04), and triglycerides (r = -0.44, P = 0.003). No association was seen with plasma interleukin-6; tumor necrosis factor-alpha; and total, LDL, or HDL cholesterol concentrations. Conclusion: These analyses suggest that in the years after delivery, longer time spent in MVPA practice is associated with a lower cardiometabolic risk only in women with prior GDM who do not have abdominal obesity.
Towards Novel Nutritional Strategies in Gestational Diabetes: Eating Behaviour and Obesity in Women with Gestational Diabetes Compared with Non-Pregnant Adults; Background: Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Effective nutritional strategies are needed to reduce BMI and improve long-term maternal cardiometabolic health, but the relative contribution of maternal eating behaviour, a potential barrier to dietary change, has not been explored. We compared eating behaviour in women with gestational diabetes with that of men and non-pregnant women with comparable risk factors, and tested associations between eating behaviour traits and BMI in women with gestational diabetes. We hypothesized that eating behaviour would be unfavourable in gestational diabetes and would be associated with BMI. Methods: Participants (n = 417) including 53 men, 164 non-pregnant women and 200 women with gestational diabetes (singleton pregnancy; 29 weeks' gestation) were recruited into three prospective studies assessing weight loss interventions, with similar entry criteria. The three-factor eating questionnaire (TFEQ-R18) assessed uncontrolled eating, emotional eating and cognitive restraint at study enrolment. Associations between BMI at study enrolment and TFEQ-R18 (% maximum score) were assessed using linear regression. Results: Women with gestational diabetes had significantly lower uncontrolled eating scores vs. men (53% vs. 65%; p < 0.001) and non-pregnant women (53% vs. 66%; p < 0.001), lower emotional eating scores vs. non-pregnant women (60% vs. 71%; p < 0.001) and higher cognitive restraint (p < 0.001 vs. men and non-pregnant women). In women with gestational diabetes, emotional eating scores were positively associated with BMI at study enrolment (beta coefficient 7.8 (95% CI 3.9 to 11.7), p < 0.001). Conclusions: Women with gestational diabetes have favourable eating behaviour compared with other population groups. Because BMI at study enrolment was associated with emotional eating, nutritional strategies which reduce emotional eating may provide new opportunities to improve long-term maternal health after gestational diabetes.
Prevalence of metabolic markers of insulin resistance in offspring of gestational diabetes pregnancies; In utero hyperglycemia has been associated with insulin resistance (IR) in children; however, there are limited data in low-risk populations. The purpose of this study was to describe the prevalence of metabolic markers of IR in a primarily Caucasian cohort of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) offspring aged 7-11 yr (mean 9.1) and to correlate offspring with maternal indexes. Sixty-eight children were recruited through a follow-up study of women who participated in a randomized controlled trial of minimal intervention vs. tight glycemic control for GDM. All participants had a fasting plasma glucose (FPG), insulin, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-chol), triglyceride (TG) level, and a 2-h oral glucose tolerance test. We calculated homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) and recorded body mass index and waist circumference (WC). Criteria for metabolic syndrome for children included: FPG > 6.0 mmol/L, HDL-chol < 1.03 mmol/L, TG > 1.24 mmol/L, WC > 90% for age and gender, and 2-h glucose > 7.8 mmol/L. Among these children, 45 (66%), 17 (25%), 5 (7%), and 1 (1.5%) had zero, one, two, or three metabolic markers of IR, respectively. Hypertriglyceridemia (21%) was most prevalent, with no child having an elevated FPG. WC (p = 0.018) and TG (p = 0.005) were strong predictors of IR in the offspring after adjustment for age, gender, birthweight, family history, and maternal IR. Maternal and offspring HDL-chol, TG, WC, and HOMA but not fasting or 2-h glucose levels were significantly correlated. We conclude that metabolic markers of IR in children exposed to GDM may be present in the absence of abnormal fasting or 2-h glucose values. Screening strategies that focus on glucose levels may need to be reconsidered to institute early intervention with lifestyle changes for children at risk.
Gestational diabetic patients with adequate management have normal cardiovascular autonomic regulation during the third trimester of pregnancy and 3 months after delivery; Objective: The aim of the present study was to evaluate the influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on hemodynamics and cardiovascular autonomic regulation at rest and their responses to head-up tilt (HUT). Research Design and Methods: We prospectively studied 79 pregnant women (51 with GDM, 28 without GDM) during the third trimester of pregnancy and after parturition. The maternal electrocardiogram and arterial blood pressure were noninvasively measured. Heart rate and blood pressure were measured in the supine position and in the upright position. Stroke volume was assessed from noninvasive blood pressure signals, heart rate variability (HRV) was analyzed in frequency domain, and baroreflex sensitivity by the cross-spectral and sequence methods. Results: Between the GDM group and control pregnant women there were no significant differences in hemodynamics and cardiovascular autonomic regulation throughout the protocol. Increased normalized low-frequency component and low-frequency to high-frequency ratio suggested a change in sympathovagal balance towards sympathetic predominance during pregnancy in both groups. The response to head-up tilt (HUT) was similar in both GDM and control pregnant women. The pregnancy modulated the response to HUT in systolic and diastolic blood pressure, stroke volume, cardiac index, peripheral resistance, total power of HRV, and its low- and high-frequency components. Conclusions: Our results suggest that pregnancy modulates cardiovascular autonomic regulation and hemodynamics equally in subjects with GDM and without GDM, suggesting that metabolic disorder during pregnancy does not result in cardiovascular dysfunction when GDM is in good balance. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
An Electronic Medical Record Intervention to Increase Early Screening Rates for Gestational Diabetes; Objectives Our objective was to implement an electronic medical record reminder to perform the early gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) screening test and to evaluate if this intervention increased screening rates.Study Design We performed a retrospective chart review of all deliveries at Mount Sinai West in January 2020 to determine the number of patients that met criteria for and actually underwent early GDM screening. A total of 314 patients had complete charts with pregnancy data. The following American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG)-defined risk factors were collected: body mass index greater than 25 (Asians greater than 23), history of GDM, history of macrosomia, hypertension (systolic >140 or diastolic >90), polycystic ovarian syndrome, hemoglobin A1c above 5.7, cardiovascular disease, and family history of diabetes. We used this data to advocate for and design an electronic medical record-based intervention to remind obstetric providers to complete the early glucose challenge test screening for eligible patients at the first prenatal visit.Results Our investigation confirms there is a low adherence rate of 12% at our facility to ACOG's updated early GDM screening guidelines (12 out of 97 patients). Furthermore, nearly one-fifth (16 out of 85) of eligible patients who did not receive screening were eventually diagnosed with GDM by screening at 24 to 28 weeks. After implementing an electronic medical record reminder at the initial prenatal visit, screening rates more than doubled to 28% (33 out of 115 eligible patients). The most common diabetic risk factors were high-risk ethnic background, current hypertension, family history of diabetes, history of polycystic ovarian syndrome, and body mass index of 40 or greater.Conclusion Our data suggests that obstetricians could be missing an opportunity to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes by diagnosing GDM earlier in pregnancy, as recommended by ACOG. The adoption of an electronic medical record reminder seems to improve the rate of indicated early GDM screening.
Time trends in preeclampsia and gestational diabetes in Denmark and Alberta, Canada, 2005-2018-A population-based cohort study; IntroductionPreeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus share risk factors such as obesity and increased maternal age, which have become more prevalent in recent decades. We examined changes in the prevalence of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes between 2005 and 2018 in Denmark and Alberta, Canada, and investigated whether the observed trends can be explained by changes in maternal age, parity, multiple pregnancy, comorbidity, and body mass index (BMI) over time.Material and methodsThis study was a register-based cohort study conducted using data from the Danish National Health Registers and the provincial health registers of Alberta, Canada. We included in the study cohort all pregnancies in 2005-2018 resulting in live-born infants and used binomial regression to estimate mean annual increases in the prevalence of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes in the two populations across the study period, adjusted for maternal characteristics.ResultsThe study cohorts included 846 127 (Denmark) and 706 728 (Alberta) pregnancies. The prevalence of preeclampsia increased over the study period in Denmark (2.5% to 2.9%) and Alberta (1.7% to 2.5%), with mean annual increases of 0.03 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.02-0.04) and 0.06 (95% CI 0.05-0.07) percentage points, respectively. The prevalence of gestational diabetes also increased in Denmark (1.9% to 4.6%) and Alberta (3.9% to 9.2%), with average annual increases of 0.20 (95% CI 0.19-0.21) and 0.44 (95% CI 0.42-0.45) percentage points. Changes in the distributions of maternal age and BMI contributed to increases in the prevalence of both conditions but could not explain them entirely.ConclusionsThe prevalence of both preeclampsia and gestational diabetes increased significantly from 2005 to 2018, which portends future increases in chronic disease rates among affected women. Increasing demand for long-term follow up and care will amplify the existing pressure on healthcare systems. The prevalence of both preeclampsia and gestational diabetes increased significantly from 2005 to 2018. Changes in the distributions of maternal age and BMI contributed to increases in the prevalence of both conditions but could not explain them entirely.image
RANDOMIZED TRIAL OF DIET VERSUS DIET PLUS CARDIOVASCULAR CONDITIONING ON GLUCOSE-LEVELS IN GESTATIONAL DIABETES; We studied the impact of a training program on glucose tolerance in gestational diabetes mellitus. Women with gestation diabetes mellitus (N = 19) were randomized into either group I, a 6-week diet alone group (24 to 30 kcal/kg/24 hours; 20% protein, 40% carbohydrate, 40% fat), or group II, which followed the same diet plus exercise (20 minutes three times a week for 6 weeks). An arm ergometer was used to maintain heart rate in the training range. Glycemic response was monitored by glycosylated  hemoglobin, a 50 gm oral glucose challenge with a fasting and 1-hour plasma glucose, and blood glucose self-monitoring, fasting and 1 hour after meals. Week 1 glycemic parameters were the same for both groups. Week 6 data (mean .+-. SD) were as follows: group 1 glycosylated hemoglobin, 4.7% + 0.2% versus group II, 4.2% .+-. 0.2%; p < 0.001. The group I glucose challenge fasting value was 87.6 .+-. 6.2 versus 70.1 .+-. 6.6 mg/dl; p < 0.001 for group II. The group I 1-hour plasma glucose challenge result was 187.5 .+-. 12.9 mg/dl versus 105.9 .+-. 18.9 mg/dl for group II, p < 0.001. The glycemic levels diverged between the groups at week 4. We conclude that arm ergometer training is feasible in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and results in lower glycosylated hemoglobin, fasting, and 1-hour plasma glucose concentrations that diet alone. Arm ergometer training may provide a useful treatment option for women with gestational diabetes mellitus and may obviate insulin treatment.
Association Between History of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Coronary Artery Disease Assessed by Coronary Computed Tomography Angiography; Importance Adverse pregnancy outcomes are recognized risk enhancers for cardiovascular disease, but the prevalence of subclinical coronary atherosclerosis after these conditions is unknown.Objective To assess associations between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomography angiography screening.Design, Setting, and Participants Cross-sectional study of a population-based cohort of women in Sweden (n = 10 528) with 1 or more deliveries in 1973 or later, ascertained via the Swedish National Medical Birth Register, who subsequently participated in the Swedish Cardiopulmonary Bioimage Study at age 50 to 65 (median, 57.3) years in 2013-2018. Delivery data were prospectively collected.Exposures Adverse pregnancy outcomes, including preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm delivery, small-for-gestational-age infant, and gestational diabetes. The reference category included women with no history of these exposures.Main Outcomes and Measures Coronary computed tomography angiography indexes, including any coronary atherosclerosis, significant stenosis, noncalcified plaque, segment involvement score of 4 or greater, and coronary artery calcium score greater than 100.Results A median 29.6 (IQR, 25.0-34.9) years after first registered delivery, 18.9% of women had a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes, with specific pregnancy histories ranging from 1.4% (gestational diabetes) to 9.5% (preterm delivery). The prevalence of any coronary atherosclerosis in women with a history of any adverse pregnancy outcome was 32.1% (95% CI, 30.0%-34.2%), which was significantly higher (prevalence difference, 3.8% [95% CI, 1.6%-6.1%]; prevalence ratio, 1.14 [95% CI, 1.06-1.22]) compared with reference women. History of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia were both significantly associated with higher and similar prevalence of all outcome indexes. For preeclampsia, the highest prevalence difference was observed for any coronary atherosclerosis (prevalence difference, 8.0% [95% CI, 3.7%-12.3%]; prevalence ratio, 1.28 [95% CI, 1.14-1.45]), and the highest prevalence ratio was observed for significant stenosis (prevalence difference, 3.1% [95% CI, 1.1%-5.1%]; prevalence ratio, 2.46 [95% CI, 1.65-3.67]). In adjusted models, odds ratios for preeclampsia ranged from 1.31 (95% CI, 1.07-1.61) for any coronary atherosclerosis to 2.21 (95% CI, 1.42-3.44) for significant stenosis. Similar associations were observed for history of preeclampsia or gestational hypertension among women with low predicted cardiovascular risk.Conclusions and Relevance Among Swedish women undergoing coronary computed tomography angiography screening, there was a statistically significant association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and image-identified coronary artery disease, including among women estimated to be at low cardiovascular disease risk. Further research is needed to understand the clinical importance of these associations.
Mothers After Gestational Diabetes in Australia Diabetes Prevention Program (MAGDA-DPP) post-natal intervention: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance with its onset or first recognition during pregnancy. Post-GDM women have a life-time risk exceeding 70% of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Lifestyle modifications reduce the incidence of T2DM by up to 58% for high-risk individuals. Methods/Design: The Mothers After Gestational Diabetes in Australia Diabetes Prevention Program (MAGDA-DPP) is a randomized controlled trial aiming to assess the effectiveness of a structured diabetes prevention intervention for post-GDM women. This trial has an intervention group participating in a diabetes prevention program (DPP), and a control group receiving usual care from their general practitioners during the same time period. The 12-month intervention comprises an individual session followed by five group sessions at two-week intervals, and two follow-up telephone calls. A total of 574 women will be recruited, with 287 in each arm. The women will undergo blood tests, anthropometric measurements, and self-reported health status, diet, physical activity, quality of life, depression, risk perception and healthcare service usage, at baseline and 12 months. At completion, primary outcome (changes in diabetes risk) and secondary outcome (changes in psychosocial and quality of life measurements and in cardiovascular disease risk factors) will be assessed in both groups. Discussion: This study aims to show whether MAGDA-DPP leads to a reduction in diabetes risk for post-GDM women. The characteristics that predict intervention completion and improvement in clinical and behavioral measures will be useful for further development of DPPs for this population.
Obstetrical care in gestational diabetes and management of preterm labor; Objectives Search for data necessary to elaborate recommendations for obstetrical care in gestational diabetes and management of preterm labor Methods Systematic review of the literature and levels of evidence Results In case of gestational diabetes and in the absence of disease or other risk factor associated, there is no evidence to support a systematic rate of clinical follow up different from other pregnancy The relevance of ultrasound estimates of fetal weight is limited No formula is superior to others or to the simple measurement of abdominal circumference for the prediction of macrosomia (EL3) The usefulness of the research septal hypertrophy is not demonstrated (EL4) The systematic application of umbilical Doppler has no proven benefits in the absence of growth restriction or hypertension associated (EL4) Monthly ultrasound monitoring of the fetus can be proposed for diabetics on insulin or poorly controlled In cases of gestational diabetes controlled by diet, cardiotocography of fetal heart rate has not proven useful In poorly controlled diabetes and/or on insulin, the registration may be discussed taking into account other risk factors associated (EL4) A weekly recording of fetal heart rate is often recommanded in case of type 2 diabetes discovered during pregnancy In case of preterm labor, calcium channel blockers and oxytocin antagonists can be used without specific precautions The risk of using beta adrenergic outweighs the benefit Administration of corticosteroid can be done under glycemic control, with insulin therapy if necessary Screening test for gestational diabetes should not be performed within few days after last steroid injection (C) 2010 Elsevier Masson SAS All rights reserved
Barriers and facilitators of cardiovascular disease prevention services for women with prior gestational diabetes or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in low-income, middle-income and high-income settings: a scoping review protocol; Introduction Women with previous pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), have an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Although CVD screening and preventive care beginning in the early postpartum period are recommended, certain barriers limit access to such services. We plan to conduct a scoping review of the literature to explore and summarise evidence on the barriers and facilitators of postpartum CVD preventive services in women with a history of GDM and HDP.Methods and analysis This scoping review will be conducted in line with the Arksey and O'Malley's (2005) methodological framework and the Joanna Briggs Institute guidance for conducting a systematic scoping review and will follow the Evidence for Policy and Practice Information and the Coordinating Centre at the Institute of Education guidelines. The review results will be reported using the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and Meta-Analyses extension for Scoping Reviews (PRISMA-ScR) checklist. We will search the following databases: Medline, Embase and CINAHL. We will conduct grey literature searches for registered dissertations and theses. Inclusion and exclusion criteria will be kept broad. Qualitative and quantitative studies published in English or French that investigated and reported percieved barriers or facilitators to postpartum CVD screening and preventive care among women with previous GDM and HDP will be included. Individual, interpersonal, organizational, and system level factors will be reported. Qualitative findings will be summarised narratively, and quantitative findings will be absorbed within the themes using the multisource synthesis method.Ethics and dissemination This review represents one objective of a larger project that was reviewed by the Ottawa Health Sciences Network Research Ethics Board (QI-184). We will disseminate knowledge emanating from this review through open-access publication, presentation/public forums on women's cardiovascular health, women's CVD prevention forums and social media. We will also present the findings of this review at the annual meeting of the Canadian Women's Heart Health Alliance.
A prospective study of maternal serum C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus; Low-grade systemic inflammation is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Limited available data suggest inflammatory factors are predictive of gestational diabetes (GDM), a condition that is biochemically similar to type 2 diabetes. We examined the association between C-reactive protein (CRP) and GDM risk. Women were recruited before 16 weeks gestation and were followed until delivery. Maternal serum CRP (collected at 13 weeks' gestation, on average) was measured by a competitive immunoassay. We used generalised linear models to derive estimates of relative risks and 95% confidence intervals [CI]. Approximately 4.5% of the cohort (38 of 851) developed GDM. Elevated CRP was positively associated with GDM risk (P for trend = 0.007). After adjusting for maternal prepregnancy body mass index (BMI), family history of type 2 diabetes and nulliparity, women with CRP in the highest tertile experienced a 3.5-fold increased risk of GDM [95% CI 1.2, 9.8] as compared with those in the lowest tertile. The association between CRP and GDM was evident when analyses were restricted to lean women (BMI < 25 kg/m(2)). Lean women with CRP greater than or equal to 5.3 mg/L experienced a 3.7-fold increased risk of GDM [95% CI 1.6, 8.7] as compared with women with CRP < 5.3 mg/L. Systemic inflammation is associated with an increased risk of GDM, and the association is independent of maternal prepregnancy adiposity.
The Impact of Gestational Diabetes in Pregnancy on the Cardiovascular System of Children at One Year of Age; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication in pregnancy. The effect of GDM on the cardiovascular system after birth is still unclear. Between August 2015 and December 2018, 205 pregnant women were included in the prospective controlled observational study. Patients with GDM were assigned to the study group (n = 99), whereas (n = 107) healthy women served as controls. Postnatal follow up of their offspring was performed at 12 months of age. All included children (n = 125) underwent a specific standardized protocol including anthropometric data, such as weight, height, body mass index (BMI), blood pressure (BP) recordings and ultrasound measurements of the abdominal aortic intima-media-thickness (IMT). Furthermore, at least 10 min 3-channel electrocardiogram recording was done to evaluate the autonomic nervous system (ANS) by phase rectified signal averaging. There were no significant differences in anthropometric data between the groups, neither in the blood pressure nor in the intima-media-thickness of the aorta abdominals. However, in the study group, significantly lower average acceleration capacity (AAC) (study group -20.10 +/- 3.04 ms, control group -18.87 +/- 4.00 ms, p = 0.02) was found, indicating ANS activation at one year of age. Further studies are required to determine if these results are persistent and if these findings have long-term effects.
Review of general suggestions on physical activity to prevent and treat gestational and pre-existing diabetes during pregnancy and in postpartum; The aim of this review is to provide general suggestions on physical activity (PA) in pre-gestational and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and encourage women to take part in safe and effective activities throughout pregnancy, in the absence of other contraindications. PA before and during pregnancy and in postpartum has many positive effects on the mother, as it could reduce the risk of GDM, excessive weight gain and lower back pain and also prevents, in the postpartum, diabetes mellitus. It may also reduce the duration of labour and complications at childbirth, fatigue, stress, anxiety and depression, thereby leading to an improved sense of wellbeing. Clinically, it is thought to help prevent preeclampsia and premature birth even though RCTs provide conflicting evidence with regard to the prevention of GDM. The main reason for this rests on the fact that the majority of clinical trials have not been able to replicate the preventive effect of PA on the onset of GDM, such as the different adherence of the patient to PA. Herein, we survey the literature regarding exercise and PA on GDM prevention and treatment as well as on clinical outcomes in pre-GDM in pregnancy. On the basis of the current literature, we also present a series of general recommendations and suggestions on PA and exercise training in pregnancy among both diabetic patients and those at risk for GDM. (C) 2018 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Ambulatory care for women with gestational diabetes in Germany Gestational diabetes from the perspective of practices specializing in diabetes; Almost 60,000 pregnancies in Germany were affected by gestational diabetes in 2021 (about 1 in 13). Screening, diagnostics, therapy, and follow-up care require continuous good interdisciplinary communication between obstetric practices, practices specializing in diabetology, midwives, and maternity hospitals. Letters, e-doctor's letters, and insert sheets for the maternity pass can support this process. A healthy, specially adapted diet and sufficient exercise are the cornerstones of treatment. If the metabolic goals are not met with this, insulin treatment is indicated in coordination with the obstetric practice. Pregnant women with insulin treatment or unstable blood sugar levels should deliver their babies in maternity hospitals with a level 1 or 2 perinatal center. Breastfeeding has a positive effect not only on the child's metabolic future, but also on the mother. Postpartum follow-up is key for primary prevention of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Despite various efforts to increase the proportion of mothers who take part in postpartum diabetes screening, only 40% appear to do so. The lifelong increased metabolic risk of mothers after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) must be considered in the aftercare and prevention strategy in gynecological and general practitioner practices. The GestDiNa_basic project examines the current GDM aftercare situation and develops components of a care model for patient-centered aftercare.
Gestational diabetes: risks, management, and treatment options; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is commonly defined as glucose intolerance first recognized during pregnancy. Diagnostic criteria for GDM have changed over the decades, and several definitions are currently used; recent recommendations may increase the prevalence of GDM to as high as one of five pregnancies. Perinatal complications associated with GDM include hypertensive disorders, preterm delivery, shoulder dystocia, stillbirths, clinical neonatal hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and cesarean deliveries. Postpartum complications include obesity and impaired glucose tolerance in the offspring and diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the mothers. Management strategies increasingly emphasize optimal management of fetal growth and weight. Monitoring of glucose, fetal stress, and fetal weight through ultrasound combined with maternal weight management, medical nutritional therapy, physical activity, and pharmacotherapy can decrease comorbidities associated with GDM. Consensus is lacking on ideal glucose targets, degree of caloric restriction and content, algorithms for pharmacotherapy, and in particular, the use of oral medications and insulin analogs in lieu of human insulin. Postpartum glucose screening and initiation of healthy lifestyle behaviors, including exercise, adequate fruit and vegetable intake, breastfeeding, and contraception, are encouraged to decrease rates of future glucose intolerance in mothers and offspring.
Relationship of pentraxin 3 with insulin sensitivity in gestational diabetes; Background Pentraxin 3 (PTX3) is a cytokine-inducible molecule expressed in different tissues, the levels of which increase in a response to a variety of inflammatory conditions. Recently, it has been linked to the serum glucose levels and some comorbidities in type 2 diabetes. Materials and methods Here, we aimed to investigate the role of PTX3 in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is considered a forerunner of type 2 diabetes. Fasting PTX3 serum levels were measured in 90 women [45 GDM, 45 normal glucose tolerance (NGT)] during pregnancy. In addition, PTX3 was measured during a 2h, 75g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in 20 women (10 GDM, 10 NGT) at 2428weeks of gestation and in 16 of them after delivery (10GDM, 6 NGT). Results A continuous increase in PTX3 levels was observed during the OGTT and reached in the GDM group a significant difference after 120min compared with baseline (P<0 center dot 05). Additionally, a rise in the PTX3 concentration was significantly higher in the GDM- compared with the NGT group, 120min after glucose challenge (P<0 center dot 01). During pregnancy, serum glucose and C-peptide were positively correlated with the PTX3 levels in the whole study group, whereas a negative association was found with the insulin sensitivity parameters QUICKI and OGIS. Conclusions Dependence of PTX3 on serum glucose levels was more pronounced in women with GDM than in the NGT group. This notion together with its inverse relation to the parameters of insulin sensitivity, suggests a potential involvement of PTX3 in GDM pathology.
Precocious markers of cardiovascular risk and vascular damage in apparently healthy women with previous gestational diabetes; Previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) indicates future risk for type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Insulin resistance (IR) may precede T2DM in many years and is associated with an increased risk for cardiovascular diseases. Aim: This study aims to identify endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular risk factors in women with pGDM. Methods: This cross-sectional analysis included 45 non diabetic women, 20 pGDM and 25 controls, at least one year after delivery. Body mass index (BMI), abdominal circumference (AC), blood pressure, serum lipids, liver enzymes, uric acid, nonesterified fatty acids, C-reactive protein and plasma glucose, insulin, fibrinogen and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 were measured. HOMA IR and beta were calculated. Pre and post induced ischemia videocapillaroscopy was performed in hand nailfold to evaluate microvascular morphologic aspect and functional response. Results: AC and fasting glucose were significantly higher in pGDM (p = 0.01 and p = 0.002 respectively). Women with pGDM and BMI <25 kg/m(2) had significantly higher levels of fasting insulin and HOMA IR than controls (p = 0.008 and 0.05 respectively). Abnormal morphologic findings were more frequent and papillae rectification were 3.3 times more prevalent in pGDM (p = 0.003). Other microvascular parameters did not differ between groups. Conclusion: Cardiovascular risk factors and a microcirculation abnormality (papillae rectification) were significantly increased in young non-diabetic women with pGDM.
Effect of Experimental Gestational Diabetes Mellitus on Mechanical Sensitivity, Capsaicin-Induced Pain Behaviors and Hind Paw Glabrous Skin Innervation of Male and Female Mouse Offspring; Purpose: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) induces cardiovascular and metabolic disturbances in offspring. However, the effects of GDM in pain processing in offspring and whether male and female offspring are equally affected is not well known. Thus, we determined: i) whether GDM in mice affects offspring hindpaw mechanical sensitivity, capsaicin-induced spontaneous pain-like behaviors, and epidermal nerve fiber density (ENFD); and ii) whether there is sexual dimorphism in these parameters in offspring from GDM dams. Methods: GDM was induced in pregnant ICR mice via i.p. streptozotocin (STZ). Then, glucose levels from dams and offspring were determined. Male and female offspring 2-3 months of age were evaluated for: a) baseline mechanical sensitivity of the hind paw by using von Frey filaments; b) number of flinches and time spent guarding induced by intraplantar capsaicin (0.1%); and c) density of PGP-9.5 and CGRP axons in the epidermis from the hind paw glabrous skin. Results: Prepartum levels of glucose in STZ-treated dams were significantly increased compared to vehicle-treated dams; however, GDM or vehicle offspring displayed normal and similar blood glucose levels. Male and female GDM offspring showed significantly greater mechanical sensitivity and capsaicin-induced pain behaviors compared to vehicle offspring. Male GDM offspring displayed a slightly more intense nociceptive phenotype in the capsaicin test. PGP-9.5 and CGRP ENFD in hind paw glabrous skin were greater in male and female GDM offspring versus their controls. Sexual dimorphism was generally not observed in GDM offspring in most of the studied parameters. Conclusion: These results suggest GDM induced greater pain-like behaviors in adult offspring regardless of sex along with an increased ENFD of PGP-9.5 and CGRP in the hind paw glabrous skin. We show that GDM peripheral neuropathy differs from diabetic peripheral neuropathy acquired in adulthood and set the foundation to further study this in human babies exposed to GDM.
Bone health in women with a history of gestational diabetes or obesity; Introduction Type 2 diabetes is associated with an increased risk of bone fractures. However, bone health of women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) has received little attention. This cross-sectional study compares bone health between premenopausal women with and without a history of GDM, and examines factors associated with bone health in women with a history of GDM or obesity. Material and methods We measured areal bone mineral density for total hip, lumbar spine and whole body, and total body fat percentage (fat%) with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry in 224 women. In addition, we measured bone characteristics of radius and tibia with peripheral quantitative computed tomography. Results When compared with women without a history of GDM (mean age 39 years [SD 5], body mass index [BMI] 35 kg/m(2) [SD 6], fat% 48 [SD 7]), women with a history of GDM (age 41 years [SD 4], BMI 31 kg/m(2) [SD 7], fat% 43 [SD 10]) had lower hip and whole body bone mineral densities, and inferior tibia outcomes. However, the differences in bone characteristics disappeared after controlling for age, height, BMI and fat%. After controlling for age, height, BMI and smoking, physical activity and healthier diet were positively associated with bone outcomes, whereas fat%, HbA(1c) and screen time were negatively associated with bone outcomes. Particularly, fat% showed independent negative associations with whole body bone mineral density and several tibia and radius characteristics. Conclusions Fat% is associated with adverse bone health, independently of BMI, in women with a history of GDM or obesity. Promoting healthy lifestyle and reducing fat% in high-risk women could improve bone health and prevent future fractures.
Obesity Affects Maternal and Neonatal HDL Metabolism and Function; Pregravid obesity is one of the major risk factors for pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and an increased risk of cardiovascular events in children of affected mothers. However, the biological mechanisms that underpin these adverse outcomes are not well understood. High-density lipoproteins (HDLs) are antiatherogenic by promoting the efflux of cholesterol from macrophages and by suppression of inflammation. Functional impairment of HDLs in obese and GDM-complicated pregnancies may have long-term effects on maternal and offspring health. In the present study, we assessed metrics of HDL function in sera of pregnant women with overweight/obesity of the DALI lifestyle trial (prepregnancy BMI >= 29 kg/m(2)) and women with normal weight (prepregnancy BMI < 25 kg/m(2)), as well as HDL functionalities in cord blood at delivery. We observed that pregravid obesity was associated with impaired serum antioxidative capacity and lecithin-cholesterol acyltransferase activity in both mothers and offspring, whereas maternal HDL cholesterol efflux capacity was increased. Interestingly, functionalities of maternal and fetal HDL correlated robustly. GDM did not significantly further alter the parameters of HDL function and metabolism in women with obesity, so obesity itself appears to have a major impact on HDL functionality in mothers and their offspring.
The implications of exosomes in pregnancy: emerging as new diagnostic markers and therapeutics targets; Extracellular vehicles (EVs) are a heterogeneous group of cell and membranous particles originating from different cell compartments. EVs participate in many essential physiological functions and mediate fetal-maternal communications. Exosomes are the smallest unit of EVs, which are delivered to the extracellular space. Exosomes can be released by the umbilical cord, placenta, amniotic fluid, and amniotic membranes and are involved in angiogenesis, endothelial cell migration, and embryo implantation. Also, various diseases such as gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, and fetal growth restriction can be related to the content of placental exosomes during pregnancy. Due to exosomes'ability to transport signaling molecules and their effect on sperm function, they can also play a role in male and female infertility. In the new insight, exosomal miRNA can diagnose and treat infertilities disorders. In this review, we focused on the functions of exosomes during pregnancy.
Lipoprotein(a) is not related to markers of insulin resistance in pregnancy; Background: Dyslipidemia, a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease is a common finding in patients with type 2 diabetes and among women with gestational diabetes. Elevated levels of lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] are linked to increased risk of cardiovascular disease. However, its relationship with insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes is controversial and unproven. Here we aimed to clarify whether Lp(a) levels are associated with insulin sensitivity in pregnancy. Methods: Sixty-four women with gestational diabetes and 165 with normal glucose tolerance were enrolled in the study. Fasting Lp(a) serum levels were measured in all women at 24-28 weeks of gestation. Results: In pregnancy, there was no significant difference in serum Lp(a) concentrations between the two groups. Its level did not correlate with markers of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), insulin sensitivity (HOMA-S%), pancreatic beta-cell function (HOMA-B%) and insulin sensitivity in dynamic conditions (OGIS). In addition, fasting glucose and insulin levels and those throughout an oral glucose tolerance test were independent of Lp(a) concentrations in our study group. Conclusions: Lp(a) levels in pregnant women do not differ with respect to the presence or absence of gestational diabetes. Although influenced by some components of the lipid profile, such as triglycerides and HDL-C, insulin resistance in pregnancy is not affected by Lp(a).
Inflammatory and Oxidative Responses in Pregnancies With Obesity and Periodontal Disease; Background: Maternal obesity is related to immunologic and inflammatory systemic modifications that may worsen the pregnancy inflammatory status. Hormonal changes during pregnancy can adversely affect oral biofilms and oral health initiating or worsening periodontal diseases, with enhanced local and systemic oxidative stress and inflammation. Objective: The aim of this study was to examine the relationship between local salivary and systemic parameters of oxidative stress and inflammation in relation to obesity and periodontal diseases. Study Design: Sixty-two women with singleton pregnancies were enrolled. Twenty-seven women were normal weight (NW; 18.5< body mass index [BMI] <25 kg/m(2)) and 35 obese (BMI 30 kg/m(2)). Seventeen of the obese had gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). During third trimester, periodontal status was evaluated, saliva (s) was collected to assess total antioxidant capacity (s-TAC) and C-reactive protein (s-CRP) levels, and venous plasma (p) was used to measure CRP levels (p-CRP). Maternal, fetal, and placental data were registered at delivery. Results: Levels of s-TAC, s-CRP, and p-CRP were significantly higher in obese, particularly in the presence of GDM, compared to NW and related to each other (P = .000; r > 0.59), to maternal BMI (P = .000; r > 0.52), and fasting glycemia (P < .002; r > 0.47). Periodontal disease was more frequent in obese groups (80%) versus NW (52%; P = .04), particularly when GDM was diagnosed (P = .009). A significant interaction effect between maternal BMI and oral condition was found for s-TAC levels. Obese with periodontitis showed significant increase in local and systemic parameters versus NW. Conclusion: Obesity and periodontal disease could synergistically amplify the inflammatory and oxidative status, resulting in increased local and systemic biomarkers particularly when GDM is diagnosed.
Postnatal Cardiometabolic Health After Metformin Use in Gestational Diabetes: A Secondary Analysis of the EMERGE Trial; Aim Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) display adverse lifetime cardiometabolic health. We examined whether early metformin in GDM could impact cardiometabolic risk factors postpartum.Methods EMERGE, a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, randomized pregnancies 1:1 to placebo or metformin at GDM diagnosis and followed participants from randomization until 12 +/- 4 weeks postpartum. In total, 478 pregnancies were available for postpartum maternal assessment, 237 and 241 assigned to metformin and placebo respectively. Weight (kg), body mass index (BMI) (kg/m2), waist circumference (cm), and blood pressure (mmHg) were measured, infant feeding method documented, and blood specimens drawn for a 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test, fasting insulin, C-peptide, and lipid analysis.Results Despite similar weight and BMI at trial randomization, participants receiving metformin had significantly lower weight (79.5 +/- 15.9 vs 82.6 +/- 16.9 kg; P = .04) and BMI (29.3 [5.6] vs 30.5 [5.4]; P = .018) at the postpartum visit. However, no difference in weight change from randomization to 12 weeks postpartum was observed between metformin and placebo groups. Overall, 29% (n = 139) of the cohort met criteria for prediabetes or diabetes, with no positive impact with metformin. There were also no differences in measurements of insulin resistance, blood pressure, or lipids between groups.Conclusion Early metformin use in GDM did not impact important cardiometabolic parameters in the early postpartum period despite significant benefits in weight gain and insulin use in pregnancy.
The impact of ethnicity on glucose regulation and the metabolic syndrome following gestational diabetes; Aims/hypothesis: We assessed the impact of ethnic origin on metabolism in women following gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Materials and methods: Glucose regulation and other features of the metabolic syndrome were studied at 20.0 (18.2-22.1) months (geometric mean [95% CI]) post-partum in women with previous GDM (185 European, 103 Asian-Indian, 80 African-Caribbean). They were compared with the same features in 482 normal control subjects who had normal glucose regulation during and following pregnancy. Results: Impaired glucose regulation or diabetes by WHO criteria were present in 37% of women with previous GDM (diabetes in 17%), especially in those of African-Caribbean and Asian-Indian origin (50 and 44%, respectively vs 28% in European, p=0.009). BMI, waist circumference, diastolic blood pressure, fasting triglyceride and insulin levels, and insulin resistance by homeostatic model assessment (HOMA), were increased following GDM (p < 0.001 for all, vs control subjects). Where glucose regulation was normal following GDM, basal insulin secretion (by HOMA) was high (p < 0.001 vs control subjects). Irrespective of glucose regulation in pregnancy, Asian-Indian origin was associated with high triglyceride and low HDL cholesterol levels, and African-Caribbean with increased waist circumference, blood pressure, and insulin levels, together with insulin resistance and low triglyceride concentrations. Nonetheless, the GDM-associated features were consistent within each ethnic group. The metabolic syndrome by International Diabetes Federation criteria was present in 37% of women with previous GDM, especially in non-Europeans (Asian-Indian 49%, African-Caribbean 43%, European 28%, p=0.001), and in 10% of controls. Conclusions/interpretation: Following GDM, abnormal glucose regulation and the metabolic syndrome are common, especially in non-European women, indicating a need for diabetes and cardiovascular disease prevention strategies.
Effects of Probiotic Supplementation during Pregnancy on the Future Maternal Risk of Metabolic Syndrome; Probiotics are live microorganisms that induce health benefits in the host. Taking probiotics is generally safe and well tolerated by pregnant women and their children. Consumption of probiotics can result in both prophylactic and therapeutic effects. In healthy adult humans, the gut microbiome is stable at the level of the dominant taxa: Bacteroidetes, Firmicutes and Actinobacteria, and has a higher presence of Verrucomicrobia. During pregnancy, an increase in the number of Proteobacteria and Actinobacteria phyla and a decrease in the beneficial species Roseburia intestinalis and Faecalibacterium prausnitzii are observed. Pregnancy is a "window" to the mother's future health. The aim of this paper is to review studies assessing the potentially beneficial effects of probiotics in preventing the development of diseases that appear during pregnancy, which are currently considered as risk factors for the development of metabolic syndrome, and consequently, reducing the risk of developing maternal metabolic syndrome in the future. The use of probiotics in gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia and excessive gestational weight gain is reviewed. Probiotics are a relatively new intervention that can prevent the development of these disorders during pregnancy, and thus, would reduce the risk of metabolic syndrome resulting from these disorders in the mother's future.
Association of History of Gestational Diabetes With Long-term Cardiovascular Disease Risk in a Large Prospective Cohort of US Women; IMPORTANCE Previous studies identify gestational diabetes (GD) as a risk factor for intermediate markers of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk; however, few are prospective, evaluate hard CVD end points, or account for shared risk factors including body weight and lifestyle. OBJECTIVE To prospectively evaluate history of GD in relation to incident CVD risk. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS The Nurses' Health Study II (NHS II) is an observational cohort study of US female nurses established in 1989, with ongoing follow-up. Biennial questionnaires updated behavioral characteristics, health outcomes, and lifestyle factors. Multivariable Cox models estimated the hazard ratio (HR) and 95% CI for CVD risk. We included 89 479 women who reported at least 1 pregnancy and were free of CVD and cancer at baseline. Follow-up through May 31, 2015, was complete for more than 90% of eligible participants. EXPOSURES History of GD was self-reported at baseline (1989) via questionnaire and updated every 2 years. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES We observed 1161 incident self-reported nonfatal or fatal myocardial infarction or stroke, confirmed via medical records. RESULTS Participants had a mean (SD) age of 34.9 (4.7) years. Adjusting for age, prepregnancy body mass index, and other covariates, GD vs no GD was associated with subsequent CVD (HR, 1.43; 95% CI, 1.12-1.81). Additional adjustment for weight gain since pregnancy and updated lifestyle factors attenuated the association (HR, 1.29; 95% CI, 1.01-1.65). Classifying GD by progression to T2D in relation to CVD risk indicated a positive association for GD with progression to T2D vs no GD or T2D (HR, 4.02; 95% CI, 1.94-8.31), and an attenuated relationship for GD only (HR, 1.30; 95% CI, 0.99-1.71). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Gestational diabetes was positively associated with CVD later in life, although the absolute rate of CVD in this younger cohort of predominantly white women was low. This relationship is possibly mediated in part by subsequent weight gain and lack of healthy lifestyle.
The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in a Danish population of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus is three-fold higher than in the general population; Context: Diabetes and obesity, components of the metabolic syndrome, are common characteristics of women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Due to increasing incidence of diabetes and obesity, the metabolic syndrome might comprise a major health problem among these women. Objective: The objective was to estimate the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome by three different criteria [World Health Organization 1999 (WHO), The National Cholesterol Education Program Expert Panel on Detection, Evaluation, and Treatment of High Blood Cholesterol in Adults 2001, and European Group for the Study of Insulin Resistance 2002] among women with previous GDM. Design: We conducted a follow-up study of a Danish cohort of women admitted in 1978-1996 to the Diabetes and Pregnancy Center, Rigshos-pitalet, Copenhagen University Hospital, with diet-treated GDM. The follow-up took place in 2000-2002 at median 9.8 yr (interquartile range 6.4-17.2) after pregnancy. Results were compared with a control group of 1000 age-matched women from a population-based sample (Inter99). Participants: Four hundred eighty-one women at median age 43 yr ( interquartile range 38-48) participated. Main Outcome Measures: The main outcome measures were body mass index (BMI), glucose tolerance, blood pressure, lipid profile, and insulin resistance. Results: Independent of the criteria, the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome was three times higher in the prior GDM group, compared with the control group (e.g. WHO: 38.4 vs. 13.4%, P < 0.0005). Age-and BMI-adjusted odds ratio for having the WHO-defined metabolic syndrome was 3.4 ( 95% confidence interval 2.5-4.8) for the prior GDM group vs. the control group. Obese women (BMI > 30 kg/m(2)) with previous GDM had a more than 7-fold increased prevalence of the metabolic syndrome (WHO), compared with normal-weight prior GDM women (BMI < 25 kg/m(2)). In glucose-tolerant women, the prevalence was doubled in the prior GDM group, compared with control group. Conclusion: The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome was three times as high in women with prior diet-treated GDM, compared with age-matched control subjects.
Maternal hemodynamic changes in gestational diabetes: a prospective case-control study; Purpose The aim of the study is to compare maternal hemodynamic adaptations in gestational diabetes (GDM) versus healthy pregnancies. Methods A prospective case-control study was conducted, comparing 69 singleton pregnancies with GDM and 128 controls, recruited between September 2018 and April 2019 in Maternal-Fetal Medicine Unit, Careggi University Hospital, Florence, Italy. Hemodynamic assessment by UltraSonic Cardiac Output Monitor (USCOM) was performed in both groups in four gestational age intervals: 17-20 weeks (only in early GDM cases), 26-30 weeks, 32-35 weeks and 36-39 weeks. We evaluated six hemodynamic parameters comparing GDM cases versus controls: cardiac output (CO), cardiac index (CI), stroke volume (SV), total vascular resistance (TVR), inotropy index (INO) and potential to kinetic energy ratio (PKR). Results GDM group had significantly lower values of CO and SV than controls from the early third trimester (26-30 weeks) until term (p < 0.001). CI is significantly lower in GDM women already at the first evaluation (p = 0.002), whereas TVR and PKR were significantly higher in GDM (p < 0.001). GDM women showed also lower INO values than controls in all assessments. Conclusions A hemodynamic maternal maladaptation to pregnancy can be detected in GDM women. The effect of hyperglycemia on vascular system or a poor pre-pregnancy cardiovascular (CV) reserve could explain this hemodynamic maladaptation. The abnormal CV response to pregnancy in GDM women may reveal a predisposition to develop CV disease later in life and might help in identifying patients who need a CV follow-up.
Pregnancy-associated spontaneous coronary artery dissection: multidisciplinary management, challenges and literature review; A 30-year-old woman in her second pregnancy, which was complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus. She had an uneventful spontaneous vaginal delivery at 38 weeks+3 days of gestation. Day 1 postpartum, she developed sudden chest pain radiating to her jaw and neck. Her observations were normal, and ECG showed lateral ST elevation in keeping with acute myocardial infarction. The troponin-T level was elevated at 21 ng/L at 0 hour, and >10 000 ng/L at 12 hours, respectively. Coronary angiography confirmed spontaneous dissection of the proximal left anterior descending (LAD) and proximal circumflex coronary arteries. She became unstable during percutaneous coronary intervention and consequently had a successful coronary artery bypass surgery with left saphenous vein grafts to the first obtuse marginal artery and LAD. Echocardiogram revealed moderate to severe impairment of the left ventricular function postoperatively.
Previous gestational diabetes is independently associated with increased carotid intima-media thickness, similarly to metabolic syndrome - a case control study; Background: Women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) face a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes and, consequently, a higher cardiovascular risk. This study aimed to compare the carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) from young women with pGDM to those with metabolic syndrome (MS) and to healthy controls (CG) to verify whether a past history of pGDM could be independently associated with increased cIMT. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study performed in two academic referral centers. Seventy-nine women with pGDM, 30 women with MS, and 60 CG aged between 18 and 47 years were enrolled. They all underwent physical examination and had blood glucose, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLc), and triglycerides determined. The cIMT was measured by ultrasound in several carotid segments. The primary endpoint was cIMT and clinically relevant parameters included as predictors were: age, systolic blood pressure, waist, BMI, total cholesterol, LDLc, triglycerides, fasting glucose, previous history of GDM as a whole group, previous history of GDM without MS, presence of DM, presence of MS, and parity. Results: cIMT was significantly higher in pGDM when compared to CG in all sites of measurements (P<0.05) except for the right common carotid. The pGDM women showed similar cIMT measurements to MS in all sites of measurements, except for the left carotid bifurcation, where it was significantly higher than MS (P<0.001). In a multivariate analysis which included classical cardiovascular risk factors and was adjusted for confounders, pGDM was shown to be independently associated with increased composite cIMT (P<0.01). The pGDM without risk factors further showed similar cIMT to MS (P>0.05) and an increased cIMT when compared to controls (P<0.05). Conclusions: Previous GDM was independently associated with increased composite cIMT in this young population, similarly to those with MS and regardless the presence of established cardiovascular risk factors.
Ascending Growth is Associated with Offspring Adiposity in Pregnancies Complicated with Obesity or Gestational Diabetes; Context: Early growth is associated with childhood adiposity, but the influence of lifestyle remains unknown. Objective: This work aimed to investigate the association of growth profiles from high-risk pregnancies with adiposity at age 5 years, taking into account lifestyle and several antenatal/postnatal exposures. Methods: This prospective cohort study included 609 children born during the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL), recruiting women with body mass index (BMI) greater than or equal to 30 and/or prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (2008-2013). Altogether 332 children attended the 5-year follow-up (2014-2017). Main outcome measures included growth profiles based on ponderal index (PI = weight/height(3)), investigated using latent class mixed models. Adiposity was assessed with anthropometrics and body composition (InBody720). Results: We identified 3 growth profiles: ascending (n = 82), intermediate (n = 351), and descending (n = 149). Children with ascending growth had a higher body fat percentage, ISO-BMI, and waist circumference (P <.05) at age 5 years. Ascending (beta 4.09; CI, 1.60-6.58) and intermediate (beta 2.27; CI, 0.50-4.03) profiles were associated with higher fat percentage, even after adjustment for age, sex, gestational age, diet, physical activity, education, and prepregnancy BMI. Similar associations existed with ISO-BMI. After adjusting for age and education, ascending growth was associated with prepregnancy BMI (odds ratio [OR] 1.06; CI, 1.01-1.12), primiparity (OR 3.07; CI, 1.68-5.62), cesarean delivery (OR 2.23; CI, 1.18-4.21), and lifestyle intervention (OR 2.56; CI, 1.44-4.57). However, meeting the intervention goals and exclusive breastfeeding for 3 months or more were associated with lower odds of ascending growth. Conclusion: Accelerated early growth was associated with higher adiposity in 5-year-old children from high-risk pregnancies, even when adjusted for lifestyle. Reducing cesarean deliveries and promoting breastfeeding may be beneficial for postnatal growth.
Tissues Derived From Reprogrammed Wharton's Jelly Stem Cells of the Umbilical Cord Provide an Ideal Platform to Study the Effects of Glucose, Zika Virus, and Other Agents on the Fetus; The infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of metabolic and cardiovascular disease. It has been difficult to study the direct effects of maternal hyperglycemia on the fetus because of inaccessibility of fetal tissues. The development of tissues that simulate the function of fetal organs using stem cell technology provides an unprecedented opportunity to study this disorder. Stem cells in the Wharton's jelly of the umbilical cord (hWJSCs), possess unique properties that are different from other stem cells. They are primitive, present in large numbers, non-tumorigenic, hypoimmunogenic, tumoricidal, and carry a genetic signature that represents the fetus. They are multipotent but their differentiation into functional pancreatic and cardiovascular tissues has been challenging. We have been able to reprogram hWJSCs from normal and GDM cords into induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) from which a variety of functional fetal tissues including insulin-producing and cardiovascular tissues could be derived. Such tissues from reprogrammed hWJSCs of normal and GDM cords that physiologically and genetically mimic the fetus of the diabetic or non-diabetic mother are an ideal platform to study the effects of glucose, the Zika virus, and other harmful agents on the fetus. The immature stemness phenotype of hWJSCs, easy accessibility, availability in large numbers without the need for propagation, and lower risk of accumulation of epigenetic mutations make them the most attractive candidate over other umbilical cord cell types for reprogramming. Additionally, some of their beneficial genes may be retained in memory in the iPSCs derived from them. J. Cell. Biochem. 118: 437-441, 2017. (c) 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Protocol for a randomised controlled trial of a co-produced, complex, health promotion intervention for women with prior gestational diabetes and their families: the Face-it study; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of future diabetes in both mother, father and offspring. More knowledge is needed about how to effectively reduce the risk of diabetes through sustained behavioural interventions in these families. The Face-it intervention is a complex health promotion intervention embedded in multi-level supportive environments. The aim of the intervention is to reduce type 2 diabetes risk and increase quality of life among families in the first year following a GDM-affected pregnancy by promoting physical activity, healthy dietary behaviours and breastfeeding through a focus on social support, motivation, self-efficacy, risk perception and health literacy. Methods This national multicentre study is a two-arm randomised controlled trial including 460 women with GDM in a ratio of 2 (intervention):1 (usual care). The Face-it intervention consists of three main components: 1) additional visits from municipal health visitors, 2) digital health coaching tailored to family needs and 3) a structured cross-sectoral communication system in the health care system. The intervention runs from 3 to 12 months after delivery. The primary outcome is maternal body mass index at 12 months after delivery as a proxy for diabetes risk. The women will be examined at baseline and at follow-up, and this examination will include blood tests, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), anthropometrics, blood pressure, self-reported diet and physical activity, breastfeeding, quality of life, health literacy, physical and mental health status, risk perception and social support. Aside from those data collected for OGTT and breastfeeding and offspring parameters, the same data will be collected for partners. Data on offspring anthropometry will also be collected. Information on pregnancy- and birth-related outcomes will be derived from the medical records of the woman and child. Discussion This randomised controlled trial seeks to demonstrate whether the Face-it intervention, addressing the individual, family and health care system levels, is superior to usual care in reducing diabetes risk for mothers and their families. Coupled with a process evaluation and an economic analysis, the study will provide evidence for policymakers and health services about health promotion among families affected by GDM and the potential for reducing risk of type 2 diabetes and associated conditions.
Perinatal changes in fetal cardiac geometry and function in diabetic pregnancy at term; Objective To evaluate the effect of diabetes in pregnancy on fetal and neonatal cardiac geometry and function around the time of delivery. Methods This was a prospective study of 75 pregnant women delivering at term, comprising 54 normal pregnancies and 21 with a diagnosis of pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus. Fetal and neonatal conventional and spectral tissue Doppler and two-dimensional speckle-tracking echocardiography were performed a few days before and within hours after delivery. Fetal and neonatal cardiac geometry, global myocardial deformation and performance, diastolic and systolic function and left ventricular (LV) torsion were compared between normal pregnancies and those with diabetes, and perinatal changes within the diabetes group were assessed. Results Compared with normal pregnancies, diabetic pregnancies demonstrated significant differences in fetal ventricular geometry, myocardial deformation and cardiac function (right ventricular (RV) sphericity index, 0.56 vs 0.65; LV torsion, 2.1 degrees/cm vs 5.6 degrees/cm; LV isovolumetric relaxation time, 101 ms vs 115 ms; and RV isovolumetric contraction time, 107 ms vs 119 ms; P < 0.001 for all). Compared with normal pregnancies, diabetic pregnancies demonstrated significant differences in neonatal cardiac parameters (mean RV sphericity index, 0.43 vs 0.55; mean LV torsion, 1.30 degrees/cm vs 2.78 degrees/cm; median LV myocardial performance index (MPI'), 0.39 vs 0.51; median RV-MPI', 0.34 vs 0.40; P < 0.01 for all). Paired comparison between fetal and neonatal cardiac indices in diabetic pregnancies demonstrated that delivery resulted in a significant improvement in some, but not all, cardiac indices (mean RV sphericity index, 0.65 vs 0.55; mean LV torsion, 5.60 degrees/cm vs 2.78 degrees/cm; median RV-MPI', 0.51 vs 0.40; P < 0.01 for all). Conclusions Compared with normal term fetuses and neonates, those of diabetic women exhibit cardiac indices indicative of myocardial impairment, reflecting a response to a relatively hyperglycemic intrauterine environment with alteration in fetal loading conditions (LV preload deprivation and increased RV afterload) and adaptation to subsequent acute changes in hemodynamic load at delivery. Elucidating mechanisms that contribute to the alterations in perinatal cardiac function in diabetic pregnancy could help in refining management and developing better therapeutic strategies to reduce the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Copyright (C) 2018 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Provider Counseling About and Risk Perception for Future Chronic Disease Among Women with Gestational Diabetes and Preeclampsia; Background: Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes or preeclampsia are at a greater risk of developing future type 2 diabetes mellitus, high blood pressure, and cardiovascular disease. Increased perception of future chronic disease risk is positively associated with making health behavior changes, including in pregnant women. Although gestational diabetes is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes, few women have heightened risk perception. Little research has assessed receipt of health advice from a provider among women with preeclampsia and its association with risk perception regarding future risk of high blood pressure and cardiovascular disease. Among women with recent diagnoses of preeclampsia or gestational diabetes, we assessed associations between receipt of health advice from providers, psychosocial factors, and type of pregnancy complication with risk perception for future chronic illness. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis among 79 women diagnosed with preeclampsia and/or gestational diabetes using surveys and medical record abstraction after delivery and at 3 months postpartum. Results: Overall, fewer than half of the 79 women with preeclampsia and gestational diabetes reported receiving health advice from a provider, and women with preeclampsia were significantly less likely to receive counseling as compared with women with gestational diabetes (odds ratio 0.23). We did not identify a difference in the degree of risk perception by pregnancy complication or receipt of health advice. There were no significant differences in risk perception based on age, race, education, or health insurance coverage. Conclusions: We demonstrated that women with preeclampsia and gestational diabetes are not routinely receiving health advice from providers regarding future chronic disease risk, and that women with preeclampsia are less likely to be counseled on their risk, compared with women with gestational diabetes. Provider and patient-centered interventions are needed to improve postpartum care and counseling for women at high risk for chronic disease based on recent pregnancy complications.
Maternal long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid status and pregnancy complications; Maternal nutrition plays a crucial role in influencing fetal growth and birth outcome. Any nutritional insult starting several weeks before pregnancy and during critical periods of gestation is known to influence fetal development and increase the risk for diseases during later life. Literature suggests that chronic adult diseases may have their origin during early life - a concept referred to as Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) which states that adverse exposures early in life "program" risks for later chronic disorders. Long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA), mainly omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids are known to have an effect on fetal programming. The placental supply of optimal levels of LCPUFA to the fetus during early life is extremely important for the normal growth and development of both placenta and fetus. Any alteration in placental development will result in adverse pregnancy outcome such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). A disturbed materno-fetal LCPUFA supply is known to be linked with each of these pathologies. Further, a disturbed LCPUFA metabolism is reported to be associated with a number of metabolic disorders. It is likely that LCPUFA supplementation during early pregnancy may be beneficial in improving the health of the mother, improving birth outcome and thereby reducing the risk of diseases in later life.
Reproductive risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death in women. This Practice Pearl explains how increased awareness of reproductive risk factors for CVD will lead to improving the cardiovascular health of women by using evidence-based CVD risk-reduction prevention strategies. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death for women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and low birth weight-affecting up to 30% of pregnant women-increase the risk of CVD. Early menarche and polycystic ovary syndrome are implicated. Premature and early menopause and significant vasomotor symptoms are all associated. Including reproductive risk assessment is critical when determining CVD risk and implementing evidence-based prevention strategies.
Potential of Metformin to Improve Cardiac Risk in Postpartum Women with Gestational Diabetes; Objective: Pregnancy is associated with an increase in total cholesterol, high density lipoproteins (HDL), and low-density lipoproteins (LDL). Postpartum, HDL and LDL decrease over the first 12 weeks postpartum. Oxidized LDL (ox-LDL) is a marker of oxidative stress-related inflammation, which is associated with obesity and also with development of cardiovascular disease. Cardiovascular protection and weight loss are benefits from metformin, especially in women with diabetes. The objective of this study was to compare changes in lipid profiles and biomarkers for obesity during the initial 6 weeks postpartum between women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treated with metformin versus placebo. Methods: This was a planned ancillary study of a randomized controlled trial compares metformin versus placebo in women with GDM for postpartum weight loss. Two 3 mL blood samples were collected within 24 h of delivery and 6 weeks postpartum immediately processed after collection then stored at -20 degrees C until completion of clinical trial prior to analysis. Change in the median plasma concentrations of total cholesterol, HDL, ox-LDL, glucose, insulin, leptin, and unacylated ghrelin were compared between study groups. Results: Of the 77 postpartum women were included, 35 received metformin and 42 received placebo. There was less of a reduction in HDL in the metformin group compared to placebo (-2.3 versus -7.5 mg/dL, p = 0.019). In addition, there was a greater reduction in ox-LDL in those receiving metformin (-12.2 versus -3.8 mg/dL, p = 0.038). No other differences were observed in the selected biomarkers evaluated. Conclusion: Biomarker levels of HDL and ox-LDL were positively affected during the initial 6 weeks postpartum in GDM women treated with metformin. Additional studies with a longer duration of metformin treatment in the postpartum period are warranted to evaluate long-term potential benefits.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Incident Heart Failure in the Women's Health Initiative; IMPORTANCE Some prior evidence suggests that adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) may be associated with heart failure (HF). Identifying unique factors associated with the risk of HF and studying HF subtypes are important next steps. OBJECTIVE To investigate the association of APOs with incident HF overall and stratified by HF subtype (preserved vs reduced ejection fraction) among postmenopausal women in theWomen's Health Initiative (WHI). DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS In 2017, an APO history survey was administered in the WHI study, a large multiethnic cohort of postmenopausal women. The associations of 5 APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy [HDP], low birth weight, high birth weight, and preterm delivery) with incident adjudicated HF were analyzed. In this cohort study, the association of each APO with HF was assessed using logistic regression models and with HF subtypes using multinomial regression, adjusting for age, sociodemographic characteristics, smoking, randomization status, reproductive history, and other APOs. Data analysis was performed from January 2020 to September 2021. EXPOSURES APOs ( gestational diabetes, HDP, low birth weight, high birth weight, and preterm delivery). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES All confirmed cases of women hospitalized with HF and HF subtype were adjudicated by trained physicians using standardized methods. RESULTS Of 10 292 women (median [IQR] age, 60 [55-64] years), 3185 (31.0%) reported 1 or more APO and 336 (3.3%) had a diagnosis of HF. Women with a history of any APO had a higher prevalence of hypertension, diabetes, coronary heart disease, or smoking. Of the APOs studied, only HDP was significantly associated with HF with a fully adjusted odds ratio (OR) of 1.75 (95% CI, 1.22-2.50), and with HF with preserved ejection fraction in fully adjusted models (OR, 2.06; 95% CI, 1.29-3.27). In mediation analyses, hypertension explained 24%(95% CI, 12%-73%), coronary heart disease 23% (95% CI, 11%-68%), and body mass index 20% (95% CI, 10%-64%) of the association between HDP and HF. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE In this large cohort of postmenopausal women, HDP was independently associated with incident HF, particularly HF with preserved ejection fraction, and this association was mediated by subsequent hypertension, coronary heart disease, and obesity. These findings suggest that monitoring and modifying these factors early in women presenting with HDP may be associated with reduced long-term risk of HF.
Anti-inflammatory Role of Carotenoids in Endothelial Cells Derived from Umbilical Cord of Women Affected by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Diabetes is associated with vascular inflammation, endothelial dysfunction, and oxidative stress, promoting the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Several studies showed that a carotenoid-rich diet is associated to a reduced cardiovascular risk in healthy and diabetic subjects, although the mechanisms of action are still unknown. Here, the potential role of beta-carotene (BC) and lycopene (Lyc) in human endothelial cells isolated from human umbilical cord vein (HUVECs) of women with gestational diabetes (GD) and respective controls (C) has been investigated. Results showed that BC and Lyc reduced the tumor necrosis factor alpha- (TNF-alpha-) stimulated monocyte-endothelium interaction (adhesion assay), membrane exposure (flow cytometry), and total expression levels (Western blot) of VCAM-1 and ICAM-1 in both cell types. Moreover, the treatment with BC and Lyc reduced the TNF-alpha-induced nuclear translocation of NF-kappa B (image flow cytometry) by preserving bioavailability of nitric oxide (NO, flow cytometry, and cGMP EIA kit assay), a key vasoactive molecule. Notably, BC and Lyc pretreatment significantly reduced peroxynitrite levels (flow cytometry), contributing to the redox balance protection. These results suggest a new mechanism of action of carotenoids which exert vascular protective action in diabetic condition, thus reinforcing the importance of a carotenoid-rich diet in the prevention of diabetes cardiovascular complications.
Childbearing is associated with higher incidence of the metabolic syndrome among women of reproductive age controlling for measurements before pregnancy: the CARDIA study; OBJECTIVE: We sought to prospectively examine whether childbearing is associated with higher incidence of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) after delivery among women of reproductive age. STUDY DESIGN: In 1451 nulliparas who were aged 18-30 years and free of the MetS at baseline (1985-1986) and reexamined up to 4 times during 20 years, we ascertained incident MetS defined by the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III criteria among time-dependent interim birth groups by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): (0 [referent], 1 non-GDM, 2+ non-GDM, 1 + GDM births). Complementary log-log models estimated relative hazards of the MetS among birth groups adjusted for race, age, and baseline and follow-up covariates. RESULTS: We identified 259 incident MetS cases in 25,246 person-years (10.3/1000 person-years). Compared with 0 births, adjusted relative hazards (95% confidence interval [CI]) were 1.33 (95% CI, 0.931.90) for 1 non-GDM, 1.62 (95% CI, 1.16-2.26) for 2+ non-GDM (P trend = .02), and 2.43 (95% CI, 1.53-3.86) for 1+ GDM births. CONCLUSION: Increasing parity is associated with future development of the MetS independent of prior obesity and pregnancy-related weight gain. Risk varies by GDM status.
Heterogeneity of maternal characteristics and impact on gestational diabetes (GDM) risk-Implications for universal GDM screening?; Objective To study the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in relation to phenotypic characteristics and gestational weight gain (GWG) among women at high risk for GDM.Materials and methods This is a secondary analysis of a GDM prevention study (RADIEL), a randomized controlled trial conducted in Finland. 269 women with a history of GDM and/or a pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI)30kg/m(2) were enrolled before 20 weeks of gestation and divided into four groups according to parity, BMI and previous history of GDM. The main outcome was incidence of GDM.Results There was a significant difference in incidence of GDM between the groups (p<0.001). Women with a history of GDM and BMI<30kg/m(2) showed the highest incidence (35.9%). At baseline they had fewer metabolic risk factors and by the second trimester they gained more weight. There was no interaction between GWG and GDM outcome and no significant difference in the prevalence of diabetes-associated antibodies.Conclusion Despite a healthier metabolic profile at baseline the non-obese women with a history of GDM displayed a markedly higher cumulative incidence of GDM. GWG and the presence of diabetes-associated antibodies were not associated with GDM occurrence among these high-risk women.
Rule-based expert system for the diagnosis of maternal complications during pregnancy: For low resource settings; Objectives Maternal complications are health challenges linked to pregnancy, encompassing conditions like gestational diabetes, maternal sepsis, sexually transmitted diseases, obesity, anemia, urinary tract infections, hypertension, and heart disease. The diagnosis of common pregnancy complications is challenging due to the similarity in signs and symptoms with general pregnancy indicators, especially in settings with scarce resources where access to healthcare professionals, diagnostic tools, and patient record management is limited. This paper presents a rule-based expert system tailored for diagnosing three prevalent maternal complications: preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and maternal sepsis.Methods The risk factors associated with each disease were identified from various sources, including local health facilities and literature reviews. Attributes and rules were then formulated for diagnosing the disease, with a Mamdani-style fuzzy inference system serving as the inference engine. To enhance usability and accessibility, a web-based user interface has been also developed for the expert system. This interface allows users to interact with the system seamlessly, making it easy for them to input relevant information and obtain accurate disease diagnose.Results The proposed expert system demonstrated a 94% accuracy rate in identifying the three maternal complications (preeclampsia, GDM, and maternal sepsis) using a set of risk factors. The system was deployed to a custom-designed web-based user interface to improve ease of use.Conclusions With the potential to support health services provided during antenatal care visits and improve pregnant women's health outcomes, this system can be a significant advancement in low-resource setting maternal healthcare.
The association between ultra-processed food and common pregnancy adverse outcomes: a dose-response systematic review and meta-analysis; Objectives Given the increasing incidence of negative outcomes during pregnancy, our research team conducted a dose-response systematic review and meta-analysis to investigate the relationship between ultra-processed foods (UPFs) consumption and common adverse pregnancy outcomes including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia (PE), preterm birth (PTB), low birth weight (LBW), and small for gestational age (SGA) infants. UPFs are described as formulations of food substances often modified by chemical processes and then assembled into ready-to-consume hyper-palatable food and drink products using flavors, colors, emulsifiers, and other cosmetic additives. Examples include savory snacks, reconstituted meat products, frozen meals that have already been made, and soft drinks. Methods A comprehensive search was performed using the Scopus, PubMed, and Web of Science databases up to December 2023. We pooled relative risk (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) using a random-effects model. Results Our analysis (encompassing 54 studies with 552,686 individuals) revealed a significant association between UPFs intake and increased risks of GDM (RR = 1.19; 95% CI: 1.10, 1.27; I-2 = 77.5%; p < 0.001; studies = 44; number of participants = 180,824), PE (RR = 1.28; 95% CI: 1.03, 1.59; I-2 = 80.0%; p = 0.025; studies = 12; number of participants = 54,955), while no significant relationships were found for PTB, LBW and SGA infants. Importantly, a 100 g increment in UPFs intake was related to a 27% increase in GDM risk (RR = 1.27; 95% CI: 1.07, 1.51; I-2 = 81.0%; p = 0.007; studies = 9; number of participants = 39,812). The non-linear dose-response analysis further indicated a positive, non-linear relationship between UPFs intake and GDM risk P-nonlinearity = 0.034, Pdose-response = 0.034), although no such relationship was observed for PE (P-nonlinearity = 0.696, Pdose-response = 0.812). Conclusion In summary, both prior to and during pregnancy, chronic and excessive intake of UPFs is associated with an increased risk of GDM and PE. However, further observational studies, particularly among diverse ethnic groups with precise UPFs consumption measurement tools, are imperative for a more comprehensive understanding.
Gender-specific care of diabetes; Diabetic men have benefited in the last 30 years from a significant improvement in total and cardiovascular mortality, whereas diabetic women have had no improvement at all. Moreover, recent research focused on the role of sex hormones in glucose homeostasis, and might account for different pathophysiologic mechanisms in the development of diabetes-related complications. Thus, care of diabetic women is a challenge that requires particular attention. The available data regarding gender-specific care of diabetes mellitus are uneven, rich in some domains but very poor in others. The large prospective trials performed in the last 20 years have assumed that the natural history of diabetes mellitus in men and women, as well as the efficiency of glucose-lowering therapies and management of hyperglycemic-related complications, could be attributable without distinction to men and women. We propose in this paper to analyze the published medical literature according to the specific management of diabetes mellitus in women, and to try to distinguish some particular features. We found important distinctions between diabetic men and women regarding the patterns of abnormalities of glucose regulation, epidemiology, development of diabetes-related complications, ischemic heart disease, morbidity and mortality, impact of cardiovascular risk factors, development of the metabolic syndrome, depression and osteoporosis, as well as the impact of lifestyle modifications or primary and secondary preventions on cardiovascular risk factors, and finally medical therapeutics. Moreover, special considerations were given to some particular aspects of the medical life in diabetic women, such as the features of gestational diabetes mellitus and the management of pregnancy in pregestational diabetic women, use of contraception, hormone-replacement therapy and polycystic ovary syndrome.
Cardiovascular risk profile after a complicated pregnancy across ethnic groups: the HELIUS study; Lay Summary Women of different ethnic backgrounds who had pregnancy complications (high blood pressure or diabetes during pregnancy, or who delivered their baby too early) have a higher risk of heart disease later in life. Screening for a high risk of heart disease is important because interventions may help to prevent heart disease. Currently, general practitioners use several criteria to select women for screening, such as heart disease among close relatives or smoking. In our study in women in whom these 'traditional' criteria for screening were measured, the pregnancy complications did not help to find more women with a high risk. Yet, pregnancy complications may be a signal for both patients and healthcare professionals to regularly consider the need for screening.Women who had high blood pressure in pregnancy or delivered their baby too early had up to two times more often chronic hypertension or kidney disease later in life. Women who had diabetes in pregnancy, had up to eight times more type 2 diabetes later in life.Women of South-Asian Surinamese, African Surinamese, and Ghanaian origin living in the Netherlands more often had pregnancy complications and cardiovascular risk factors than women with a Dutch background. Aims Little is known about how pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk are associated, specifically among ethnic minorities. In this study, we examined this association in women from six ethnic groups, and the potential value of pregnancy complications as eligibility criterion for CVD risk screening. Methods and results We conducted a cross-sectional study combining obstetric history from the Dutch perinatal registry with data on cardiovascular risk up to 15 years after pregnancy from the multi-ethnic HELIUS study. We included 2466 parous women of Dutch, South-Asian Surinamese, African Surinamese, Ghanaian, Turkish, and Moroccan origin. Associations were studied across ethnicities and predictive value of pregnancy complications for CVD risk factors above traditional eligibility criteria for CVD risk screening was assessed using Poisson regression. History of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and preterm birth were associated with higher prevalence of chronic hypertension and chronic kidney disease across most groups [prevalence ratio (PR): 1.6-1.9]. Gestational diabetes mellitus was associated with increased type 2 diabetes mellitus risk, particularly in ethnic minority groups (PR: 4.5-7.7). Associations did not significantly differ across ethnic groups. The prediction models did not improve substantially after adding pregnancy complications to traditional eligibility criteria for CVD risk screening. Conclusion History of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, and gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with CVD risk factors in parous women, without evidence of a differential association across ethnic groups. However, addition of pregnancy complications to traditional eligibility criteria for CVD risk screening does not substantially improve the prediction of prevalent CVD risk factors.
Sexual orientation disparities in gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; BackgroundSexual minority (SM) individuals (e.g., those with same-sex attractions/partners or who identify as lesbian/gay/bisexual) experience a host of physical and mental health disparities. However, little is known about sexual orientation-related disparities in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP; gestational hypertension [gHTN] and preeclampsia).ObjectiveTo estimate disparities in GDM, gHTN and preeclampsia by sexual orientation.MethodsWe used data from the Nurses' Health Study II-a cohort of nurses across the US enrolled in 1989 at 25-42 years of age-restricted to those with pregnancies >= 20 weeks gestation and non-missing sexual orientation data (63,518 participants; 146,079 pregnancies). Our primary outcomes were GDM, gHTN and preeclampsia, which participants reported for each of their pregnancies. Participants also reported their sexual orientation identity and same-sex attractions/partners. We compared the risk of each outcome in pregnancies among heterosexual participants with no same-sex experience (reference) to those among SM participants overall and within subgroups: (1) heterosexual with same-sex experience, (2) mostly heterosexual, (3) bisexual and (4) lesbian/gay participants. We used modified Poisson models to estimate risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI), fit via weighted generalised estimating equations, to account for multiple pregnancies per person over time and informative cluster sizes.ResultsThe overall prevalence of each outcome was <= 5%. Mostly heterosexual participants had a 31% higher risk of gHTN (RR 1.31, 95% CI 1.03, 1.66), and heterosexual participants with same-sex experience had a 31% higher risk of GDM (RR 1.31, 95% CI 1.13, 1.50), compared to heterosexual participants with no same-sex experience. The magnitudes of the risk ratios were high among bisexual participants for gHTN and preeclampsia and among lesbian/gay participants for gHTN.ConclusionsSome SM groups may be disparately burdened by GDM and HDP. Elucidating modifiable mechanisms (e.g., structural barriers, discrimination) for reducing adverse pregnancy outcomes among SM populations is critical.
Factors predisposing to pre-eclampsia in women with gestational diabetes; Background Lipid abnormalities occur before the onset of pre-eclampsia but their role in its pathogenesis is unclear. We tested the hypothesis that lipid abnormalities precede and contribute to the development of pre-eclampsia using women with gestational diabetes (GDM) as a focus population. Methods One hundred and eighty-four women with a diagnosis of GDM were studied. Anthropometry, blood pressure, fasting lipids, glucose homeostasis, markers of inflammation and endothelial damage were measured and family history of disease was assessed to determine those measures at diagnosis of GDM that best predicted the development of pre-eclampsia. Results Twelve percent of women with GDM developed pre-eclampsia. At diagnosis of GDM, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides were not different in women who subsequently developed pre-eclampsia (GDM-PE). GDM-PE had elevated body mass index, blood pressure, fasting glucose, insulin, uric acid, and C-reactive protein (CRP), which have all been linked with the 'metabolic syndrome'. They had a greater degree of microalbuminuria and more frequently reported a family history of hypertension and maternal gestational diabetes. In logistic regression, the significant independent predictors for developing pre-eclampsia were fasting glucose, CRP, a family history of hypertension and the proband's mother having gestational diabetes. Conclusion The results suggest that, in GDM, increased severity of insulin resistance and related features of the 'metabolic syndrome', rather than lipid abnormalities, are precursors to the development of pre-eclampsia and hence are likely to be implicated in the pathophysiology of this disorder. Moreover, these women are likely to be at particularly high risk of long-term cardiovascular disease and Type 2 diabetes. (C) 2004 Lippincott Williams Wilkins.
Atopic dermatitis and risk of hypertension, type 2 diabetes, myocardial infarction and stroke in a cross-sectional analysis from the Canadian Partnership for Tomorrow Project; Background Atopic dermatitis (AD) has been associated with cardiovascular risk factors and diseases, but epidemiological studies to date have found conflicting results. Objectives To determine the associations of AD with hypertension, type 2 diabetes (T2D), myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke. Methods We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of baseline data from the Canadian Partnership for Tomorrow Project, which includes Canadian residents aged 30-74 years living in British Columbia, Alberta, Ontario, Quebec and the Atlantic Provinces. We excluded participants with incomplete data on AD, hypertension, T2D, MI or stroke, who had type 1 or gestational diabetes or who developed any of the outcomes at an age prior to a diagnosis of AD. This left 259 119 participants in our analysis. We used logistic regression to calculate age- and sex-, and multivariable-adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) between AD and subsequent hypertension, T2D, MI and stroke. Results AD was reported by 21 379 (8.4%) participants. In total, 52 787 cases of hypertension, 12 739 cases of T2D, 4390 cases of MI and 2235 cases of stroke were reported by participants at enrolment. In the multivariable-adjusted model, AD was associated with decreased odds of hypertension (OR 0.87, 95% CI 0.83-0.90), T2D (OR 0.78, 95% CI 0.71-0.84), MI (OR 0.87, 95% CI 0.75-1.00) and stroke (OR 0.79, 95% CI 0.66-0.95). Conclusions We did not find evidence of a positive association between AD and subsequent hypertension, T2D, MI or stroke; AD was inversely associated with these outcomes in our study. Given our findings and the conflicting literature, AD is likely not a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
Fibrinolytic dysfunction after gestation is associated to components of insulin resistance and early type 2 diabetes in latino women with previous gestational diabetes; Among patients with metabolic syndrome (MS), atherosclerosis and abnormal fibrinolytic function are frequently present, mostly owing to an increase in plasminogen activator inhibitor-1(PAI-1). We analyze PAI-1 in pregnant women, both normal and with gestational diabetes (GDM) and postpartum regarding its correlation to MS surrogates. Clinical characteristics, glucose tolerance (100 g-OGTT), lipids, PAI-1 antigen, insulin sensitivity (HOMA-S), and pancreatic P-cell function (HOMA-B) were investigated in 34 women. Eleven had normal glucose tolerance (NGT) during pregnancy and 23 had GDM (all GAD antibodies-negative). All patients were studied at 28-34 weeks of gestation and 16-24 weeks after delivery (75 g-OGTT). Parameters of interest were determined using commercial test systems. During pregnancy, PAI-1 was not statistically different between NGT and GDM (47 +/- 25 ng/ml versus 47 +/- 28 ng/ml, p = 0.9). After gestation, 19 (56%) women had NGT (11 of them from previous NGT A group) and 15 (44%) had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or DM. The IGT (IGT + DM) group had higher PAI-1 (p = 0.01), which did not decreased after delivery NGT-NGT before and after delivery (47 +/- 25 ng/ml versus 6 +/- 5 ng/ml; p < 0.001), GDM-NGT (62 +/- 36 ng/ml versus 14 +/- 15 ng/ml; p = 0.001) and GDM-IGT (39 +/- 20 ng/ml versus 27 +/- 23 ng/ml; p = 0. 15). PAI-1 levels were positively correlated (p < 0.05) to total cholesterol (r, = 0.37), triglycerides (r,, = 0.48), fasting plasma glucose (r(s), = 0.52), 2-h plasma glucose in the OGTT (r(s) = 0.58) and were negatively correlated (p < 0.05) with HOMA-S (rs = -0.42) and HOMA-B (r, = -0.38). Fibrinolytic dysfunction is still present in GDM women and is associated with early development of IGT or T2DM. PAI correlated with surrogate markers of MS levels and may identify a group of women at risk for macroangiopathy. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cardiometabolic Risk, Knowledge, Risk Perception, and Self-Efficacy among American Indian Women with Previous Gestational Diabetes; Objective: To describe cardiometabolic risk among a sample of American Indian women with previous gestational diabetes and describe the women's knowledge, risk perception for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, and self-efficacy beliefs related to preventing these diseases. Design: Mixed methods, cross-sectional, exploratory, descriptive. Setting: Four campuses within one American Indian tribal health care system in a southwestern state. Participants: A purposeful sample of 22 self-identified American Indian women with a history of gestational diabetes. Methods: Qualitative interview data were subjected to content analysis, and descriptive statistics were used to analyze quantitative questionnaire data and biophysiologic data. Results: The majority of participants (13 of 21) were classified as having metabolic syndrome, and 13 of 18 women were found to be insulin resistant. In general, the women had high levels of knowledge related to type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease and high risk perception, but low self-efficacy related to preventing cardiometabolic disease. The overarching theme from the in-depth interviews, struggling to change lifestyle behaviors while doubting prevention is possible, encompassed four categories that provided further illumination into participants' risk perceptions and self-efficacy beliefs: concerns, control, beliefs/attitudes, and prevention. Conclusions: High levels of knowledge and risk perception do not necessarily promote increased self-efficacy to prevent cardiometabolic disease among American Indian women with previous gestational diabetes. Findings indicate the need to further explore women's self-efficacy beliefs in the context of American Indian culture prior to developing interventions aimed at increasing self-efficacy to prevent or delay type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. JOGNN, 41, 246-257; 2012. DOI: 10.1111/j.1552-6909.2012.01339.x
The association between serum asymmetric dimethyl arginine levels and a history of gestational diabetes among healthy women; In recent years, asymmetric dimethyl arginine (ADMA) has emerged as an early marker and/or mediator of endothelial dysfunction and it has been proved to be a novel, independent risk factor of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. Our aim in this study was to compare the ADMA concentrations among patients with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with controls. Thirty women with a history of GDM and 40 age-matched and BMI-matched healthy controls were enrolled in this study. ADMA concentrations, fasting blood glucose levels, 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) second hour plasma glucose levels, and insulin levels were compared between two groups. The fasting blood glucose levels were also significantly higher in patients with GDM history. Although second hour values of 75-g OGTT were higher in patients with GDM history, the difference between groups was not statistically significant. However, the insulin and homeostatic model assessment insulin resistance levels were statistically significantly higher in patients with a history of GDM. The concentrations of ADMA were found to be statistically higher in patients with a history of GDM (0.45 +/- 0.11 vs. 0.31 +/- 0.13 mu mol/l, respectively; P=0.01). This study shows that women who had a history of GDM are under risk for cardiovascular diseases, although they seem to be healthy and have normal blood biochemical levels, because of elevated serum ADMA levels. Clinicians should be aware of this increased cardiovascular disease risk among patients with a history of GDM. Blood Coagul Fibrinolysis 23:391-395 (C) 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health vertical bar Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Long-term consequences and prevention strategies for women with a history of gestational diabetes; Background Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a significantly increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases, postpartum depression, and other conditions. Scope of review This review summarizes studies in which the long-term effects of GDM were investigated and the level of risk determined. The current state of research regarding optimal prevention strategies for these high-risk patients was analyzed. Conclusion The long-term effects of GDM are not only limited to glucose metabolism disorders, but also pose a high risk of cardiovascular disease, cognitive and psychiatric impairments and malignancies. Suitable diabetes prevention strategies are lifestyle intervention programs, but pharmacological prevention has been proven successful in methodically well-conducted studies.
Dyslipidemia incidence and the trend of lipid parameters changes in women with history of gestational diabetes: a 15-year follow-up study; Evidence shows that patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may exhibit features of dyslipidemic phenotype later in life. We aimed to examine and compare dyslipidemia incidence rate and the trend of lipid changes over a 15-years follow-up between the women with the history of GDM and their healthy peers. This longitudinal study included 289 patients with GDM and 1183 women without GDM, aged 20-50 years. Pooled logistic regression model was utilized to estimate odds ratio of dyslipidemia. The generalized estimating equation was used to evaluate the trend of lipid parameters changes over time. Person-time dyslipidemia incidence rate in women with previous GDM was 0.067 (CI: 0.038, 0.096) with a median progression time of 2.13 years and for those without GDM was 0.059 (CI: 0.046, 0.072) with the median time of 2.31 years ( = 0.214). The generalized estimating equation (GEE) analysis revealed no significant difference in trend changes of lipid profiles between two groups. Lipid disorder after GDM might be more influenced by other variables (BMI, anthropometric features, and smoking/lifestyle habits) rather than by the GDM status alone. Lipid profile changes of GDM women do not become significantly worse than their non-GDM counterparts, as time progresses.
Favourable effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet on glucose tolerance and lipid profiles in gestational diabetes: a randomised clinical trial (Publication with Expression of Concern. See vol. 127, pg. 151, 2022); Although gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of maternal and neonatal morbidity, there is no consensus as to the optimal approach of nutritional management in these patients. The present study was designed to assess the effect of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on glucose tolerance and lipid profiles of pregnant women with GDM. The present randomised controlled clinical trial was performed among thirty-four women diagnosed with GDM at 24-28 weeks of gestation. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume either the control diet (n 17) or the DASH eating pattern (n 17) for 4 weeks. The control diet was designed to contain 45-55% carbohydrates, 15-20% protein and 25-30% total fat. The macronutrient composition of the DASH diet was similar to the control diet; however, the DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and low-fat dairy products, and contained lower amounts of saturated fats, cholesterol and refined grains with a total of 2400 mg Na/d. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 4 weeks of intervention to measure fasting plasma glucose, glycated Hb (HbA1c) and lipid profiles. Participants underwent a 3 h oral glucose tolerance tests and blood samples were collected at 60, 120 and 180 min to measure plasma glucose levels. Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared with the control diet, resulted in improved glucose tolerance such that plasma glucose levels reduced at 60 (-1.86 v. -0.45 mmol/l, P-group = .0.02), 120 (-2.3 v. 0.2 mmol/l, P-group = 0.001) and 180 min (-1.7 v. 0.22 mmol/l, P-group = 0.002) after the glucose load. Decreased HbA1c levels (-0.2 v. 0.05%, P-group = 0.001) was also seen in the DASH group compared with the control group. Mean changes for serum total (-0.42 v. 0.31 mmol/l, P-group = 0.01) and LDL-cholesterol (-0.47 v. 0.22 mmol/l, Pgroup = 0.005), TAG (-0.17 v. 0.34 mmol/l, P-group = 0.01) and total: HDL-cholesterol ratio (-0.6 (SD 0.9) v. 0.3 (SD 0.8), P-group = 0.008) were significantly different between the two diets. Additionally, consumption of the DASH diet favourably influenced systolic blood pressure (-2.6 v. 1.7 mmHg, P-group = 0.001). Mean changes of fasting plasma glucose (-0.29 v. 0.15 mmol/l, P-group = 0.09) were non-significant comparing the DASH diet with the control diet. In conclusion, consumption of the DASH eating pattern for 4 weeks among pregnant women with GDM resulted in beneficial effects on glucose tolerance and lipid profiles compared with the control diet.
Evaluation of subclinical atherosclerosis and cardiac functions in children of mothers with gestational diabetes and maternal obesity; Background and aims: We aimed to evaluate the effects of maternal obesity or gestational diabetes on body composition, lipid, and glucose metabolism, arterial morphology, and functions in children, and to investigate these effects in terms of cardiometabolic diseases. Methods: The study group was composed of 48 children who had a history of gestational diabetes or maternal obesity, and the control group was composed of 33 children. Echocardiographic assessments were performed. Socio-economic status and education level of mothers were obtained. Results: In the study group, carotid intima-media thickness, epicardial adipose tissue thickness, and arterial stiffness values were found to be significantly higher compared to the control group (p < 0.001, p < 0.001, p = 0.003, respectively), while arterial distensibility and arterial strain values were found to be significantly lower (p = 0.003, p = 0.008, respectively). Among the children who had similar body mass index in both groups, children in the study group had higher carotid intima-media thickness and epicardial adipose tissue thickness values. Arterial stiffness values were significantly reduced (p = 0.028) and arterial distensibility and strain values were significantly increased (p = 0.039, p = 0.033, respectively) in the children whose mothers had gestational diabetes and high socio-economic status. Left ventricular mass and left ventricular end-diastolic internal thickness were found to be significantly increased in the children who had obese and unemployed mothers (p = 0.04, p = 0.03, respectively). Conclusion: Low socio-economic status was found to be associated with increased maternal obesity and gestational diabetes. Poor socio-economic status, poor glycaemic control and being overweight during pregnancy indicate negative cardiometabolic outcomes for children in the long term.
Evaluation of the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac functions with Myocardial Performance Index; BACKGROUND: We aimed to evaluate the fetal cardiac functions with Myocardial Performance Index (MPI) in gesta-tional diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: In this study, 35 patients who were diagnosed with GDM, and 35 pregnant without glucose intolerance and their babies were evaluated. Fetal echocardiographic, biometric measurements, umbilical artery pulsatility indices (UAPI) and ductus venosus pulsatility indices (DVPI) measurements were performed to evaluate fetal well-being be-tween the groups. RESULTS: There was no statistically significant difference between the groups in terms of UAPI, DVPI, systolic func-tions, the mode of delivery and 5-minute APGAR scores (P=0.849, P=0.485, P=0.770, P=0.060, P=0.587). There was statistically significant difference between the isovolumetric relaxation time and isovolumetric contraction time of groups (P=0.006, P=0.03). The MPI results were statistically different between the groups (P=0.000). Postpartum need for hos-pitalization was more frequently observed in GDM than the control group (P=0.014). CONCLUSIONS: MPI, which is independent of the ventricular anatomy and fetal heart rate, showing both diastolic and systolic functions, was found significantly higher in GDM. We recommend performing MPI measurement routinely to fetal cardiac functions in GDM.
Chest pain and cardiovascular diseases in women: Diagnostics and treatment; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are the leading cause of global mortality not only in men but also in women. The incidence of CVD significantly increases in women, especially after the menopause. Sex and gender differences in the incidence, prevalence and mortality of CVD are due to hormonal, anatomical, and sociocultural differences. As part of the primary and secondary prevention of coronary heart disease (CHD), risk factors specific for women, such as autoimmune diseases and pregnancy-associated diseases (e.g., gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia) should also be taken into account in addition to the classical cardiovascular risk factors. Furthermore, in women with angina pectoris it should be considered that women in particular frequently suffer from ischemia with nonobstructive coronary arteries (INOCA) that can be caused, for example, by coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) or coronary spasms. Based on this, the diagnostics should not be terminated in symptomatic women after coronary angiography with normal epicardial vessels. A targeted diagnostics for CMD and coronary spasms should be carried out at an early stage.
Predicting Progression from Gestational Diabetes to Impaired Glucose Tolerance Using Peridelivery Data: An Observational Study; Objective This article aimed to develop a predictive model to identify persons with recent gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) most likely to progress to impaired glucose tolerance postpartum. Study Design We conducted an observational study among persons with GDM in their most recent pregnancy, defined by Carpenter-Coustan criteria. Participants were followed up from delivery through 1-year postpartum. We used lasso regression with k-fold cross validation to develop a multivariable model to predict progression to impaired glucose tolerance, defined as HbA1c >= 5.7%, at 1-year postpartum. Predictive ability was assessed by the area under the curve (AUC), sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values (PPV and NPV). Results Of 203 participants, 71 (35%) had impaired glucose tolerance at 1-year postpartum. The final model had an AUC of 0.79 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.72, 0.85) and included eight indicators of weight, body mass index, family history of type 2 diabetes, GDM in a prior pregnancy, GDM diagnosis<24 weeks' gestation, and fasting and 2-hour plasma glucose at 2 days postpartum. A cutoff point of >= 0.25 predicted probability had sensitivity of 80% (95% CI: 69, 89), specificity of 58% (95% CI: 49, 67), PPV of 51% (95% CI: 41, 61), and NPV of 85% (95% CI: 76, 91) to identify women with impaired glucose tolerance at 1-year postpartum. Conclusion Our predictive model had reasonable ability to predict impaired glucose tolerance around delivery for persons with recent GDM.
Cardiovascular Disease in Women <i>Challenge of the Middle Years</i>; Although heart disease remains the primary cause of death among women of all races and ethnic groups in the United States, many women are still unaware of these facts. Health care providers may also not be aware. Lack of awareness among providers may limit or delay the education and intervention to prevent future cardiovascular disease for women in their middle years. In addition, the metabolic syndrome may develop in these years of a woman's life because of today's lifestyle issues and the reported increases in obesity. The appearance of the metabolic syndrome already places a woman in a precarious position for the development of risk factors such as frank hypertension and diabetes. The metabolic syndrome presents an opportunity for providers to enhance surveillance and to educate their patients in the prevention of future events. Complications of pregnancy may also foreshadow the development of hypertension as well as type 2 diabetes mellitus later in life. Some investigators consider pregnancy as an excursion into the metabolic syndrome and as a failed "stress test," if complications such as gestational diabetes or preeclampsia develop. The emergence of those complications may give a more recognized prediction of future cardiovascular events. All primary care providers, including obstetricians and gynecologists, need to be alert as to the follow-up of these women, and incorporate continued vigilance within the standard office visit including waist measurement, annual lipid measurement, glucose monitoring, blood pressure assessment, and intense education and referrals when needed.
A holistic lifestyle mobile health intervention for the prevention of type 2 diabetes and common mental disorders in Asian women with a history of gestational diabetes: a randomised control trial with 3-year follow-up protocol; BackgroundWomen with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are 12-fold more likely to develop type 2 diabetes (T2D) 4-6 years after delivery than women without GDM. Similarly, GDM is associated with the development of common mental disorders (CMDs) (e.g. anxiety and depression). Evidence shows that holistic lifestyle interventions focusing on physical activity (PA), dietary intake, sleep, and mental well-being strategies can prevent T2D and CMDs. This study aims to assess the effectiveness of a holistic lifestyle mobile health intervention (mHealth) with post-GDM women in preventing T2D and CMDs in a community setting in Singapore.MethodsThe study consists of a 1-year randomised controlled trial (RCT) with a 3-year follow-up period. Post-GDM women with no current diabetes diagnosis and not planning to become pregnant will be eligible for the study. In addition, participants will complete mental well-being questionnaires (e.g. depression, anxiety, sleep) and their child's socio-emotional and cognitive development. The participants will be randomised to either Group 1 (Intervention) or Group 2 (comparison). The intervention group will receive the "LVL UP App", a smartphone-based, conversational agent-delivered holistic lifestyle intervention focused on three pillars: Move More (PA), Eat Well (Diet), and Stress Less (mental wellbeing). The intervention consists of health literacy and psychoeducational coaching sessions, daily "Life Hacks" (healthy activity suggestions), slow-paced breathing exercises, a step tracker (including brisk steps), a low-burden food diary, and a journaling tool. Women from both groups will be provided with an Oura ring for tracking physical activity, sleep, and heart rate variability (a proxy for stress), and the "HAPPY App", a mHealth app which provides health promotion information about PA, diet, sleep, and mental wellbeing, as well as display body mass index, blood pressure, and results from the oral glucose tolerance tests. Short-term aggregate effects will be assessed at 26/27 weeks (midpoint) and a 1-year visit, followed by a 2, 3, and 4-year follow-up period.DiscussionHigh rates of progression of T2D and CMDs in women with post-GDM suggest an urgent need to promote a healthy lifestyle, including diet, PA, sleep, and mental well-being. Preventive interventions through a holistic, healthy lifestyle may be the solution, considering the inextricable relationship between physical and psychological health. We expect that holistic lifestyle mHealth may effectively support behavioural changes among women with a history of GDM to prevent T2D and CMDs.Trial statusThe protocol study was approved by the National Healthcare Group in Singapore, Domain Specific Review Board (DSRB) [2023/00178]; June 2023. Recruitment began on October 18, 2023.Trial registrationClinicalTrials.gov NCT05949957. The first submission date is June 08, 2023.
Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease as a risk factor for adverse outcomes in subsequent pregnancy: a nationwide cohort study; Background and purpose A recent international expert consensus opinion suggested that metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) replaces nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), since MAFLD is a better predictor of cardiovascular disease. We estimated the prevalence of FLD in fertile females and evaluated the clinical impact of either NAFLD or MAFLD on maternal and fetal outcomes during subsequent pregnancy. Methods The study population included fertile females who underwent health examinations and became pregnant within 1 year of health examination. Hepatic steatosis was defined as a fatty liver index of >= 30. The fertile females were divided into four groups: neither-FLD, NAFLD-only, MAFLD-only, and both-FLDs. During subsequent pregnancy, the risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and low birthweight, were compared among the four groups. Results The study population comprised 762,401 females, including 720,606 with neither-FLD, 318 with NAFLD-only, 14,371 with MAFLD-only, and 27,106 with both-FLDs. Compared to females with neither-FLD, the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in females with any FLD, with an adjusted OR of 1.73 (95% CI 1.25-2.41) in the NALFD-only group, 2.65 (2.53-2.77) in the MAFLD-only group, and 2.39 (2.31-2.48) in the both-FLDs group. Pregnancy outcomes (cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, and low birthweight) were worse in females with MAFLD compared with NAFLD. Conclusion Any form of FLD is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. These data suggest that MAFLD is associated with a higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes for both mother and fetus than NAFLD.
Maternal Hyperglycemia During Pregnancy Predicts Adiposity of the Offspring; OBJECTIVE To investigate associations between maternal pregnancy hyperglycemia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and offspring adiposity. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We evaluated these associations in a longitudinal study of 421 mother-daughter pairs at Kaiser Permanente Northern California. Maternal pregnancy glucose values were obtained from maternal medical records. Outcomes included three measures of girls' adiposity, measured annually: 1) >= 85th age-specific percentile for BMI; 2) percent body fat (%BF); and 3) waist-to-height ratio (WHR). RESULTS Adjusting for maternal age at delivery, race/ethnicity, pregravid BMI, girl's age, and girl's age at onset of puberty, having a mother with GDM increased a girl's risk of having a BMI >= 85th percentile or having %BF or WHR in the highest quartile (Q4), compared with those in the lowest quintile of blood glucose (odds ratio [OR] 3.56 [95% CI 1.28-9.92]; OR 3.13 [95% CI 1.08-9.09]; and OR 2.80 [95% CI 1.00-7.84], respectively). There was a significant interaction between the presence of GDM and pregravid BMI; girls whose mothers had both risk factors had the highest odds of having a BMI >= 85th percentile (OR 5.56 [95% CI 1.70-18.2]; Q4 % BF, OR 6.04 [95% CI 1.76-20.7]; and Q4 WHR, OR 3.60 [95% CI 1.35-9.58]). Similar, although weaker, associations were found in the association between hyperglycemia and offspring adiposity. CONCLUSIONS Girls who were exposed to maternal GDM or hyperglycemia in utero are at higher risk of childhood adiposity; risk increases if the mother is overweight or obese. Screening and intervention for this high-risk group is warranted to slow the intergenerational transmission of obesity and its sequelae.
Relationship between age at menarche and risk of glucose metabolism disorder: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis; Objective: Studies investigating the impact of age at menarche on glucose metabolism disorder have reached inconsistent conclusions, and a quantitative comprehensive assessment of the dose-response association between age at menarche and glucose metabolism disorder has not been reported. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of studies assessing the risk of glucose metabolism disorder by age at menarche. Methods: MEDLINE via PubMed and EMBASE databases were searched up to March 13, 2019. Restricted cubic splines were used to model the dose-response association. Results: Twenty-five publications (including 34 studies) were included in the meta-analysis. The summary risk ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence limit (CL) per 1-year increase in age at menarche were 0.98 (95% CL 0.98, 0.99) for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), 0.97 (95% CL 0.96, 0.99) for impaired fasting glucose (IFG), and 0.98 (95% CL 0.97, 0.99) for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We identified linear negative correlations between age at menarche and T2DM (P-nonlinearity = 0.052) and IFG (P-nonlinearity = 0.145), a nonlinear dose-response between age at menarche and GDM (P-nonlinearity = 0.038). Conclusions: Older age at menarche (range 8-18 years old) is associated with reduced risk of glucose metabolism disorder. The strongest reduction in risk of GDM is observed at menarche age of 14.5 years.
Obstetrical care in gestational diabetes and management of preterm labour; Aim : To investigate data enabling the development of guidelines for obstetrical monitoring and management of the threat of preterm labour in gestational diabetes. Methodology : Systematic literature review. Results : With gestational diabetes and the absence of other disorders or associated risk factors, there is no argument justifying a systematic clinical monitoring schedule different from other pregnancies. The relevance of ultrasound weight estimations is limited. No formula has emerged as being superior to the others or to the simple measurement of abdominal circumference for the prediction of macrosomia (EL3). The usefulness of testing for asymmetric septal hypertrophy has not been demonstrated (EL4). The routine performance of umbilical artery Doppler has no demonstrated utility in the absence of growth restriction or associated hypertension (EL4). Monthly ultrasound monitoring can be proposed for poorly-controlled diabetes or that requiring insulin. With gestational diabetes that is well-controlled with diet, foetal heart rate recording has no demonstrated use. The recording is debateable for poorly-controlled diabetes or that requiring insulin, while taking associated risk factors into consideration. Weekly recording of the foetal heart rate is often advised for type 2 diabetes diagnosed during pregnancy. If there is a threat of preterm labour, calcium channel blockers and oxytocin receptor antagonists may be used without special precautions. The risk-benefit ratio does not appear favourable for the beta(2)-adrenergic agonists. Lung maturation with corticosteroids may be done in parallel with glycaemic testing and insulin therapy if necessary. Diabetic screening tests should be done several days after the last injection of corticosteroid. (C) 2010 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Commentary from the Italian Association of Medical Diabetologists (AMD) and Italian Society of Diabetology (SID) Interassociative Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group on the screening and diagnostic methods for gestational diabetes: An open debate; The current board of the interassociative Italian association of medical diabetologists (AMD)/Italian society of diabetology (SID) Diabetes and Pregnancy Italian Study Group commented about two recent papers published in the New England Journal of Medicine that investigated the screening and diagnostic methods for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). It is well recognized that effective screening and accurate, early diagnosis of GDM contributes to better management of these women in order to reduce adverse maternal and fetal/neonatal outcomes. However, there is worldwide controversy concerning which screening (selective or universal; one step or two steps) and which diagnostic criteria (glucose thresholds) are appropriate. The main findings of these papers are discussed along with their implications for the management of pregnant women. (c) 2023 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular risk in postmenopausal women with the polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the commonest endocrine disorders, affecting 5-10% of the female population of reproductive age. "Classic" PCOS is characterized by clinical or biochemical hyperandrogenism and oligo-ovulation. According to the 2003 Rotterdam criteria, two additional phenotypes are recognized: (1) the ovulatory patient with androgen excess and polycystic ovarian morphology and (2) the anovulatory patient with polycystic ovarian morphology without androgen excess. PCOS is associated with an adverse cardiometabolic profile, consisting of increased total or central adiposity, increased blood pressure, a pro-atherogenic lipid profile, increased inflammatory markers, insulin resistance and abnormal glucose metabolism. Furthermore, the incidence of overt or gestational diabetes mellitus, as well as of preeclampsia is significantly higher in PCOS patients. Among the various PCOS phenotypes, those with evidence of androgen excess have the highest burden of cardiovascular risk. Studies evaluating the incidence of cardiovascular disease in postmenopausal women with PCOS are extremely sparse. The available data so far indicate that coronary heart disease, as well as cerebrovascular disease is more common in postmenopausal PCOS patients. Persisting high androgen levels through the menopause, obesity and maturity onset diabetes mellitus are proposed as the main mechanisms accounting for the increased risk. (c) 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of a Lifestyle Intervention in Young Women with GDM and Subsequent Diabetes; The purpose of this study was to examine whether a 9-month intensive lifestyle intervention could lead to weight loss and improve cardiovascular risk factors among young women with both gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and newly diagnosed diabetes. A total of 83 young women, who had GDM and were subsequently diagnosed as type 2 diabetes at an average of 2.6 years after delivery, participated in a 9-month intensive lifestyle intervention and a follow-up survey at 6-9 years postintervention. After the 9-month intervention, these women had a weight loss of 2.90 kg (-4.02% of initial weight), decreased waist circumference (-3.12 cm), body fat (-1.75%), diastolic blood pressure (-3.49 mmHg), fasting glucose (-0.98 mmol/L) and HbA1c (-0.72%). During the 6-9 years postintervention period, they still had lower weight (-3.71 kg; -4.62% of initial weight), decreased waist circumference (-4.56 cm) and body fat (-2.10%), but showed a slight increase in HbA1c (0.22%). The prevalence of using glucose-lowering agents increased from 2.4% at baseline to 34.6% after the 9-month lifestyle intervention, and to 48.4% at 6-9 years postintervention. A 9-month intensive lifestyle intervention can produce beneficial effects on body weight, HbA1c and other cardiovascular risk factors among young women with previous GDM who subsequently developed new diabetes.
Pregnancy-associated cardiac dysfunction and the regulatory role of microRNAs; Many crucial cardiovascular adaptations occur in the body during pregnancy to ensure successful gestation. Maladaptation of the cardiovascular system during pregnancy can lead to complications that promote cardiac dysfunction and may lead to heart failure (HF). About 12% of pregnancy-related deaths in the USA have been attributed to HF and the detrimental effects of cardiovascular complications on the heart can be long-lasting, pre-disposing the mother to HF later in life. Indeed, cardiovascular complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and peripartum cardiomyopathy have been shown to induce cardiac metabolic dysfunction, oxidative stress, fibrosis, apoptosis, and diastolic and systolic dysfunction in the hearts of pregnant women, all of which are hallmarks of HF. The exact etiology and cardiac pathophysiology of pregnancy-related complications is not yet fully deciphered. Furthermore, diagnosis of cardiac dysfunction in pregnancy is often made only after clinical symptoms are already present, thus necessitating the need for novel diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers. Mounting data demonstrates an altered expression of maternal circulating miRNAs during pregnancy affected by cardiovascular complications. Throughout the past decade, miRNAs have become of growing interest as modulators and biomarkers of pathophysiology, diagnosis, and prognosis in cardiac dysfunction. While the association between pregnancy-related cardiovascular complications and cardiac dysfunction or HF is becoming increasingly evident, the roles of miRNA-mediated regulation herein remain poorly understood. Therefore, this review will summarize current reports on pregnancy-related cardiovascular complications that may lead to cardiac dysfunction and HF during and after pregnancy in previously healthy women, with a focus on the pathophysiological role of miRNAs.
The small dense LDL particle/large buoyant LDL particle ratio is associated with glucose metabolic status in pregnancy; Background: The lipoprotein subfraction particle profile can be used to improve clinical assessments of cardiovascular disease risk and contribute to early detection of atherogenic dyslipidemia. Lipid alterations in gestational diabetes have been extensively studied, but the results have been inconsistent. Here, we investigated serum lipoprotein subfraction particle levels and their association with glucose metabolic status in pregnancy. Methods: Twenty-eight pregnant women with gestational diabetes and 56 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance matched for body mass index were enrolled in this study. We assessed fasting serum lipid concentrations and lipoprotein subfraction particle levels in participants between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation. Results: The level of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was significantly lower in women with gestational diabetes than in those with normal glucose tolerance, but the triglyceride and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels of the two groups were similar. Lipoprotein particle analysis showed that very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) particle number and the small dense LDL particle/large buoyant LDL particle (sdLDL-P/lbLDL-P) ratio were significantly higher in women with gestational diabetes than in those with normal glucose tolerance (P = 0.013 and P = 0.015, respectively). In multivariate analysis, fasting glucose was independently and positively associated with sdLDL-P/lbLDL-P ratio even after adjustment for maternal age, gestational weight gain, BMI and LDL cholesterol (standardized Beta = 0.214, P = 0.029). Conclusions: The sdLDL-P/lbLDL-P ratio is higher in GDM compared with non-diabetic pregnant women, and positively and independently associated with fasting glucose in pregnant women.
The Possibility of Using Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis in Pregnant and Postpartum Women; Pregnancy is a time of significant changes occurring in the composition of a woman's body in order to provide support for the growth and development of the foetus. Bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) is used to assess the body composition and hydration status. This technique represents a non-invasive, reliable, and fast clinical approach, which is well tolerated by patients. A segmental impedance measurement might be advantageous in pregnant women, particularly in late pregnancy. The purpose of this paper is to provide a review of different applications of BIA in pregnant and postpartum women. It seems that BIA has a better prognostic potential for gestational and post-partum outcomes than body mass index. The BIA method can be successfully used to study the effect of excessive gestational weight gain in pregnancy on the development of obstetric complications. Studying the mother's body composition and correlating it with her energy balance could facilitate the development of dietary recommendations for women. Evaluation of the body composition can provide important clues for diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women with a low risk of this disease. BIA is also used as one of the additional tests in assessing the risk of developing gestational hypertension and preeclampsia.
Adverse Pregnancy Conditions, Infertility, and Future Cardiovascular Risk: Implications for Mother and Child; Adverse pregnancy conditions in women are common and have been associated with adverse cardiovascular and metabolic outcomes such as myocardial infarction and stroke. As risk stratification in women is often suboptimal, recognition of non-traditional risk factors such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and premature delivery has become increasingly important. Additionally, such conditions may also increase the risk of cardiovascular disease in the children of afflicted women. In this review, we aim to highlight these conditions, along with infertility, and the association between such conditions and various cardiovascular outcomes and related maternal risk along with potential translation of risk to offspring. We will also discuss proposed mechanisms driving these associations as well as potential opportunities for screening and risk modification.
Metformin for Preventing Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Women with a Previous Diagnosis of Gestational Diabetes: A Narrative Review; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at greater risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) when compared with women who have not had GDM. To delay or prevent T2DM, guidelines recommend regular screening in the primary care setting and lifestyle interventions that are largely focused on dietary and physical activity modifications. As the postpartum period can be challenging for women, uptake and engagement in screening and lifestyle interventions have been poor. Poor uptake and engagement places women with a history of GDM at heightened risk for future morbidity and development of T2DM. Metformin has been a longstanding and safe treatment for the control of blood glucose in people with T2DM. Research has supported the efficacy of metformin, used as an adjunct to a lifestyle intervention or as a stand-alone treatment, in preventing T2DM in people at high risk of T2DM. Findings from longitudinal studies have demonstrated the potential for metformin to reduce conversion to T2DM when used by women with a previous diagnosis of GDM. This review examines the potential effectiveness of metformin to reduce the incidence of T2DM among women with a previous diagnosis of GDM in the "real-world" setting.
Neighbourhood food environment and gestational diabetes in New York City; The association between neighbourhood characteristics and gestational diabetes has not been examined previously. We investigated the relationship between the number of healthy food outlets ( supermarkets; fruit/vegetable and natural food stores), and unhealthy food outlets ( fast food; pizza; bodegas; bakeries; convenience, candy/nut and meat stores) in census tract of residence, and gestational diabetes in New York City. Gestational diabetes, census tract and individual-level covariates were ascertained from linked birth-hospital data for 210 926 singleton births from 2001 to 2002 and linked to commercial data on retail food outlets. Adjusted odds ratios (aOR) were estimated using a multilevel logistic model. No association between food environment measures and gestational diabetes was found, with aORs ranging from 0.95 to 1.04. However, an increased odds of pre-pregnancy weight >200 lbs for women living in a given neighbourhood with no healthy food outlets [aOR = 1.14, 95% CI 1.07, 1.21] or only one healthy food place [aOR = 1.10, 95% CI 1.04, 1.18] relative to two or more healthy food outlets was found. Due to probable misclassi. cation of neighbourhood food environment and pre-pregnancy obesity results are likely to be biased towards the null. Future research, including validity studies, on the neighbourhood
Hyperglycemia at 1h-OGTT in Pregnancy: A Reliable Predictor of Metabolic Outcomes?; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a high risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Identifying among GDM women those who are at high risk may help prevent T2DM and, possibly CVD. Several studies have shown that in women with GDM, hyperglycemia at 1 h during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) (1-h PG) is not only associated with an increase in adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes but is also an independent predictor of T2DM. Interestingly, also in pregnant women who did not meet the criteria for a GDM diagnosis, 1-h PG was an independent predictor of postpartum impaired insulin sensitivity and beta-cell dysfunction. Moreover, maternal 1- and 2-h PG levels have been found to be independently associated with insulin resistance and impaired insulin secretion also during childhood. There is evidence that hyperglycemia at 1h PG during pregnancy may identify women at high risk of future CVD, due to its association with an unfavorable CV risk profile, inflammation, arterial stiffness and endothelial dysfunction. Overall, hyperglycemia at 1h during an OGTT in pregnancy may be a valuable prediction tool for identifying women at a high risk of future T2DM, who may then benefit from therapeutic strategies aimed at preventing cardiovascular outcomes.
Impact of pregnancy on the trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors in women with and without gestational diabetes; Aims The elevated lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease in women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been attributed to adverse life-course trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors that arise before pregnancy and continue thereafter. We hypothesized that pregnancy may differentially affect these trajectories in women who develop GDM and those who do not. Materials and methods With population-based administrative databases, we identified all nulliparous women in Ontario, Canada, who had singleton pregnancies between January 2011 and December 2016 and >= 2 measurements of the following analytes both before and after pregnancy: glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), glucose, lipids and transaminases. In total, 39 581 women (4373 with GDM) had 3.9 +/- 3.4 tests before and 4.6 +/- 5.4 tests after pregnancy. Results Both before and after pregnancy, women who developed GDM had higher HbA1c, fasting glucose, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol and triglycerides than their peers, with lower high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol (all p < .0001). Before pregnancy, women who went on to GDM had higher annual increases than their peers did in HbA1c, fasting glucose and triglycerides (all p <= .01); lesser annual decrease in LDL (p = .0003); and greater annual decrease in HDL (p = .0006). Compared with pre-pregnancy, the postpartum differences in annual rates of change in HbA1c and fasting glucose were 6.9- and 3.3-fold higher, respectively, in women with GDM. Conversely, the respective postpartum differences in annual rates of change in triglycerides, LDL and HDL were 1.2, 1.6 and 0.3 times lower than before pregnancy. Conclusion After pregnancy, differences in pregravid trajectories of glycaemic measures are amplified between women with GDM and their peers. In contrast, pregravid differences in lipid measures persist but do not differentially worsen after pregnancy.
Midgestation cardiovascular phenotype in women who develop gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: comparative study; Objective Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and/or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are at increased long-term cardiovascular risk. Mild cardiac functional alterations have been detected in women with GDM or HDP in midgestation, prior to clinical onset of the disease, but these functional alterations have not been found to be useful as screening tools. In contrast, increased impedance to peripheral blood flow, measured by echocardiography or ophthalmic artery Doppler, has been shown to provide incremental value to maternal characteristics for the prediction of pre-eclampsia. However, it is unknown whether similar changes can be detected in women at risk of GDM. In this study, we performed detailed cardiovascular phenotyping in a large, unselected population of women in midgestation to identify similarities and differences in cardiovascular adaptation in women who are at risk of GDM and/or HDP. Methods This was a prospective observational study in women attending for a routine hospital visit at 19 + 1 to 23 + 3 weeks' gestation. This visit included assessment of flow velocity waveforms from the maternal ophthalmic arteries, echocardiography for assessment of maternal cardiovascular function and measurement of uterine artery pulsatility index and serum placental growth factor (PlGF) for assessment of placental perfusion and function. The measured indices were converted to either multiples of the median (MoM) values or deviation from the median (delta) after adjusting for maternal characteristics and elements of medical history. Biomarker delta or MoM values in the GDM and HDP groups were compared with those in the unaffected group using 95% CI and t-tests. Results The study population of 5214 pregnancies contained 4429 (84.9%) that were unaffected by GDM or HDP, 509 (9.8%) complicated by GDM without HDP, 41 (0.8%) with GDM and HDP, and 235 (4.5%) with HDP without GDM. In HDP cases, with or without GDM, there was evidence of impaired placentation, with a decrease in PlGF, and increased impedance to flow in the peripheral circulation, suggested by an increase in ophthalmic artery peak systolic velocity (PSV) ratio, peripheral vascular resistance assessed on echocardiography and mean arterial pressure. In the GDM group without HDP, there was no evidence of altered placental perfusion or function and ophthalmic artery PSV ratio was not significantly different from that in the unaffected group; peripheral vascular resistance and mean arterial pressure were increased but to a lesser degree than in the HDP group. In the HDP group, there was an increase in global longitudinal systolic strain and slight increase in isovolumic relaxation time, while in the GDM group, there was an increase in mitral valve E/e ', myocardial performance index and global longitudinal systolic strain. Conclusions In midgestation, women who subsequently develop HDP or GDM have a mild subclinical reduction in left ventricular function. In HDP cases, with or without GDM, there is evidence of impaired placentation and all biomarkers of impedance to peripheral blood flow are consistently increased. In contrast, in the GDM group without HDP, biomarkers of placental function are normal and those of impedance to peripheral blood flow are either marginally increased or not significantly different from those in normal pregnancies. (c) 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
ATP5me alleviates high glucose-induced myocardial cell injury; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse myocardial remodeling and impaired cardiac function of fetus. Nevertheless, specific molecular mechanisms underlying type 1 GDM-induced fetal myocardial injury remain unknown. Therefore, this study proposes to identify possible molecular mechanisms using RNA-seq. Methods: A rat type 1 GDM model was developed using streptozotocin (STZ) (25 and 50 mg/kg), and weight and glucose tolerance of maternal and offspring were evaluated. Changes in markers of myocardial injury and oxidative stress identified by ELISA and biochemical kits in offspring hearts. Identification of differentially expressed mRNAs (DE-mRNAs) associated with myocardial injury in type 1 GDM offspring using RNA-seq. Proliferation, apoptosis, and oxidative stress were assessed in high glucose-induced H9C2 cells after exogenously modulating ATP Synthase Membrane Subunit E (ATP5me). Results: Maternal weight, glucose and glucose tolerance, and fetal weight and heart weight were reduced in the type 1 GDM model, especially in 50 mg/kg STZ-induced. Increased of creatine kinase-MB (CK-MB), cardiac troponin T (cTnT), hypersensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), reactive oxygen species (ROS) and malondialdehyde (MDA) and decreased of superoxide dismutase (SOD) were observed in type 1 GDM offspring hearts. type 1 GDM offspring hearts exhibited disorganized cardiomyocytes with enlarged gaps, broken myocardial fibers, erythrocyte accumulation and inflammatory infiltration. RNA-seq identified 462 DE-mRNAs in type 1 GDM offspring hearts, which mainly regulate immunity, redox reactions, and cellular communication. Atp5me was under-expressed in type 1 GDM offspring hearts, and high glucose decreased Atp5me expression in H9C2 cells. Overexpressing Atp5me alleviated high glucose-induced decrease in proliferation, mitochondrial membrane potential, BCL2 and SOD, and increase in apoptosis, MDA, ROS, c-Caspase-3, and BAX in H9C2 cells. Conclusion: This study first demonstrated that ATP5me attenuated type 1 GDM-induced fetal myocardial injury. This provides a possible molecular mechanism for the treatment of type 1 GDM-induced fetal myocardial injury.
Recommendations for management of diabetes during Ramadan: update 2020, applying the principles of the ADA/EASD consensus; Fasting the Holy month of Ramadan constitutes one of the five pillars of the Muslim faith. Although there is some evidence that intermittent fasting during Ramadan may be of benefit in losing weight and cardiometabolic risk factors, there is no strong evidence these benefits apply to people with diabetes. The American Diabetes Association/European Association for the Study of Diabetes consensus recommendations emphasize the importance of patient factors and comorbidities when choosing diabetes medications including the presence of comorbidities, atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, heart failure, chronic kidney disease, hypoglycemia risk, weight issues and costs. Structured education and pre-Ramadan counseing are key components to successful management of patients with diabetes. These should cover important aspects like glycemic targets, self-monitoring of blood glucose, diet, physical activity including Taraweeh prayers, medication and dose adjustment, side effects and when to break the fast. The decision cycle adapted for the specific situation of Ramadan provides an aid for such an assessment. Children with type 1 diabetes should strongly be advised not to fast due to the high risk of acute complications such as hypoglycemia and probably diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA), although there is very little evidence that DKA is increased in Ramadan. Pregnant women with diabetes or gestational diabetes should be advised to avoid fasting because of possible negative maternal and fetal outcomes. Hypoglycemia is a common concern during Ramadan fasting. To prevent hypoglycemic and hyperglycemic events, we recommend the adoption of diabetes self-management education and support principles. The use of the emerging technology and continuous glucose monitoring during Ramadan could help to recognize hypoglycemic and hyperglycemic complications related to omission and/or medication adjustment during fasting; however, the cost represents a significant barrier.
Gestational Diabetes History and Glucose Tolerance After Pregnancy Associated With Coronary Artery Calcium in Women During Midlife The CARDIA Study; Background: Gestational diabetes (GD) leads to earlier onset and heightened risk of type 2 diabetes, a strong risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, it is unclear whether attaining normoglycemia can ameliorate the excess CVD risk associated with GD history. This study sought to evaluate GD history and glucose tolerance after pregnancy associated with coronary artery calcification (CAC) in women, a manifestation of atherosclerotic CVD and a predictor of CVD clinical events. Methods: Data were obtained from the CARDIA study (Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults), a US multicenter, community-based prospective cohort of young Black (50%) and White adults aged 18 to 30 years at baseline (1985-1986). The sample included 1133 women without diabetes at baseline, who had >= 1 singleton births (n=2066) during follow-up, glucose tolerance testing at baseline and up to 5 times during 25 years (1986-2011), GD status, and CAC measurements obtained from 1 or more follow up examinations at years 15, 20, and 25 (2001-2011). CAC was measured by noncontrast cardiac computed tomography; dichotomized as Any CAC (score>0) or No CAC (score=0). Complementary log-log models for interval-censored data estimated adjusted hazard ratios of CAC and 95% confidence intervals for GD history and subsequent glucose tolerance groups (normoglycemia, prediabetes, or incident diabetes) on average 14.7 years after the last birth adjusted for prepregnancy and follow-up covariates. Results: Of 1133 women, 139 (12.3%) reported GD and were 47.6 years of age (4.8 SD) at follow-up. CAC was present in 25% (34/139) of women with GD and 15% (149/994) of women with no GD. In comparison with no GD/normoglycemia, adjusted hazard ratios (95% CIs) were 1.54 (1.06-2.24) for no GD/prediabetes and 2.17 (1.30-3.62) for no GD/incident diabetes, and 2.34 (1.34-4.09), 2.13 (1.09-4.17), and 2.02 (0.98-4.19) for GD/normoglycemia, GD/prediabetes, and GD/incident diabetes, respectively (overall P=0.003). Conclusions: Women without previous GD showed a graded increase in the risk of CAC associated with worsening glucose tolerance. Women with a history of GD had a 2-fold higher risk of CAC across all subsequent levels of glucose tolerance. Midlife atherosclerotic CVD risk among women with previous GD is not diminished by attaining normoglycemia.
Maternal race, procedures, and infant birth weight in type 2 and gestational diabetes; OBJECTIVE: To examine the relation between race and cesarean delivery, episiotomy, and low birth weight infants in pregnancies with type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus and to identify factors that might explain racial differences. METHODS: Population-based, cross-sectional study of 1999-2004 Maryland hospital discharge data. Hospitalizations for delivery of pregnancies with type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus were identified and matched to infants. The independent variable was maternal race. Dependent variables were cesarean delivery, episiotomy, and low infant birth weight. Stepwise logistic regression models were developed to estimate the independent effect of race on use of each procedure and infant birth weight, after adjusting for sociodemographic, hospital, and clinical factors. RESULTS: We examined 6,310 deliveries for pregnancies with type 2 (15%) and gestational (85%) diabetes. Before adjustment, black race was associated with a higher odds of cesarean delivery (odds ratio [OR] 1.40, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.24-1.58) and low birth weight infants (OR 1.94, 95% CI 1.57-2.40) compared with white race. Adjustment for racial differences in preeclampsia and fetal heart rate abnormalities accounted for a modest degree of the racial variation in outcomes. With full adjustment, black race was still associated with a higher odds of cesarean delivery (OR 1.38, 95% CI 1.20-1.60) and low birth weight (OR 1.81, 95% CI 1.41-2.34) and a lower odds of episiotomy (OR 0.45, 95% CI 0.36-0.57). CONCLUSION: In pregnancies with diabetes, adjustment for sociodemographic, hospital, and clinical factors only partially explains racial differences in procedure use and infant low birth weight.
Diabetes distress is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes: a prospective cohort study; BackgroundAround 12% of pregnant women develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is associated with increased health risks for both mother and child and pre- and postpartum depression. Little is known about the relationship of GDM with diabetes-specific emotional distress (diabetes distress). The aims of this study are to assess the prevalence of diabetes distress in GDM and its association with adverse pregnancy outcomes.MethodsA prospective cohort study was carried out in an Amsterdam based teaching hospital with an ethnic diverse population. Women diagnosed with GDM completed a set of questionnaires at three time points. Questionnaires consisted of Problem Areas in Diabetes Scale 5 (PAID-5) for diabetes distress (T0-T1), Patient Health Questionnaire 9 (PHQ-9) for depressive symptoms (T0-T2), and questions to assess adverse pregnancy outcomes (T2). Adverse pregnancy outcomes (collected via self-report and if feasible from the medical records) were defined as hypertension, pre-eclampsia, caesarean section, severe perineal tearing, postpartum hemorrhage, postpartum depression, shoulder dystocia, neonatal hospitalization, macrosomia, jaundice, hypoglycemia and other (among which low heart rate, fever, hypoxia). Adverse pregnancy outcomes were dichotomized into none and 1 or more. Additional information was collected from the medical charts. Missing data were imputed via predictive mean matching and a multivariable logistic regression analysis was performed with diabetes distress, depressive symptoms, socioeconomic status, parity and ethnicity as predictors and age, HbA1c, and BMI as covariates.ResultsA total of 100 women were included, mean age 32.5 (4.1), mean BMI 26.7 (4.8), 71% were of non-Dutch ethnic background. Elevated diabetes distress (PAID score >= 8) was reported by 36% of the women. Multivariable logistic regression analyses revealed that both high diabetes distress (OR 4.70, p=.02) and parity (OR 0.21, p=.02) but not antepartum depressive symptoms were related to adverse pregnancy outcomes.ConclusionsDiabetes distress is likely in women with GDM and our findings suggest an association between both diabetes distress, parity and adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with GDM. This warrants replication and further research into the underlying mechanisms explaining the impact of diabetes distress in GDM and potential interventions to reduce distress.
Trends, Predictors, and Outcomes of Cardiovascular Complications at Delivery Associated With Gestational Diabetes: A National Inpatient Sample Analysis (2004-2019); Background Gestational diabetes (GD) is associated with increased risk of long-term cardiovascular complications. However, data on acute peripartum cardiovascular complications are not well established. Hence, we aimed to investigate the association of GD with acute cardiovascular outcomes at the time of delivery admission. Methods and Results We used data from the National Inpatient Sample (2004-2019). International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9) or Tenth Revision (ICD-10) codes were used to identify delivery hospitalizations and GD diagnosis. A total of 63 115 002 weighted hospitalizations for deliveries were identified, of which 3.9% were among individuals with GD (n=2 435 301). The prevalence of both GD and obesity increased during the study period (P trends<0.01). Individuals with GD versus those without GD had a higher prevalence of obesity, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. After adjustment for age, race or ethnicity, comorbidities, insurance, and income, GD remained independently associated with cardiovascular complications including preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 1.97 [95% CI, 1.96-1.98]), peripartum cardiomyopathy (aOR, 1.15 [1.08-1.22]), acute kidney injury (aOR, 1.16 [1.11-1.21]), stroke (aOR, 1.15 [1.09-1.23]), and arrhythmias (aOR, 1.48 [1.46-1.50]), compared with no GD. Moreover, delivery hospitalizations among individuals with GD were associated with increased length (3 versus 2 days, P<0.01) and cost of hospitalization ($4909 versus $3682, P<0.01). Even in the absence of preeclampsia, GD was associated with elevated cardiovascular risk. Conclusions Individuals with GD had a higher risk of preeclampsia, peripartum cardiomyopathy, acute kidney injury, stroke, and arrhythmias during delivery hospitalizations. As rates of GD are increasing globally, efforts to improve preconception cardiometabolic health and prevent GD may represent important strategies to improve peripartum maternal outcomes and mitigate long-term cardiovascular risk.
Fetal cardiac Doppler changes in gestational diabetic pregnancies and its relationship with perinatal outcomes; Aim To examine the structural and functional changes of the fetal heart in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to evaluate the power of fetal cardiac Doppler parameters in predicting adverse perinatal outcomes in this group of pregnancy. Methods Within the study's scope, 36 cases in the A1 GDM group, 33 cases in the A2 GDM group, and 124 cases in the control group were evaluated. The relationship between structural and functional fetal cardiac parameters and perinatal outcomes was evaluated via fetal echocardiography. Results Fetal left ventricular myocardial performance index (MPI) values were found to be statistically significantly higher when compared between the A1 GDM and A2 GDM groups and the control group (p = 0.000 and p = 0.000, respectively), while the E/A ratio was found to be significantly lower (p = 0.000 and p = 0.000, respectively). It was determined that the maternal blood HbA1c level showed a significant negative correlation with the fetal cardiac E/A ratio and a significant positive correlation with isovolumetric relaxation time and MPI (p = 0.000, p = 0.000, and p = 0.000, respectively). Adverse perinatal outcome rate was higher in the diabetic group (46.4%-22.6%). When the cases with GDM were examined in terms of perinatal outcomes, it was observed that there was a significant difference in HbA1c levels, E/A ratio, and MPI values between the cases in the group with adverse perinatal outcomes and the group with normal results (p = 0.001, p = 0.000, and p = 0.000, respectively). Conclusions The strong relationship between abnormal cardiac function and adverse perinatal outcomes suggest that cardiac Doppler may be a valuable tool for fetal monitoring and management for the GDM patient group.
Haemodynamic differences amongst women who were screened for gestational diabetes in comparison to healthy controls; Aim: To assess the changes in haemodynamics amongst pregnant women who were screened for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in comparison to low-risk healthy pregnant controls. Methodology: A total of 120 pregnant women of mean (standard deviation) age 31.03 (5.41) years who attended their oral glucose tolerance test as part of the national screening for GDM (study), and 60 low-risk healthy pregnant women (control) of mean age 29.71 (5.33) years, were invited to participate in this study. All women included in the study booked at the University Hospitals of Leicester NHS Trust and fulfilled the relevant inclusion criteria. Non-invasive assessment of arterial stiffness and cardiac output were undertaken on participants between 26 and 28 weeks of pregnancy. The mean difference between GDM and low-risk group for each of the arterial stiffness and cardiac output measurements was assessed by a two-sample unpaired t-test. Results: Significant differences were found between the study and control groups for brachial (-64.5 vs. -69.5, p < 0.04) and aortic augmentation indices (5.2 vs. 2.7, p = 0.04), though there was no significant difference for PWV (8.3 vs. 8.1, p = 0.49). Cardiac output (7.6 vs. 7.0, p = 0.011), stroke volume (84.4 vs. 76.9, p = 0.013) and central mean arterial pressure (71 vs. 58, < 0.001) were also significantly different between groups. However, no significant differences were reported for heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, or total peripheral resistance. Conclusion: Pregnant women at risk of GDM between gestational weeks 26 and 28 had significantly increased measures of arterial stiffness, as assessed by brachial and aortic augmentation indices, compared with low-risk healthy controls. Whether these women are at greater long-term cardiovascular disease risk warrants further investigation.
Cardiovascular Care for Pregnant Women With Cardiovascular Disease; BACKGROUND Cardio-obstetrics refers to a team-based approach to maternal care that includes multidisciplinary collaboration among maternal fetal medicine, cardiology, and others. OBJECTIVES This study sought to describe clinical characteristics, maternal and fetal outcomes, and cardiovascular readmissions in a cohort of pregnant women with underlying cardiovascular disease (CVD) followed by a cardio-obstetrics team. METHODS We identified patients evaluated by our cardio-obstetrics team from January 1, 2010, through December 31, 2019, at a quaternary care hospital in New York City. Information was collected regarding demographics, comorbidities, underlying CVD, medications, maternal and fetal outcomes, and cardiovascular readmissions. Each patient was assigned a Cardiac Disease in Pregnancy (CARPREG) II score based on her clinical characteristics and underlying CVD. RESULTS During the study period, 306 pregnant women (median age 29 years, 52.9% Hispanic or Latino) with CVD were seen. Most women (74.2%) were insured through Medicaid. The most common forms of CVD included arrhythmia (n = 88, 28.8%), congenital heart disease (n = 72, 23.5%), and cardiomyopathy (n = 72, 23.5%). The median CARPREG II score was 3; 130 patients (42.5%) had a CARPREG II score $4. Gestational diabetes occurred in 11.4%, gestational hypertension in 9.5%, and preeclampsia in 12.1% of women. Intensive care unit admission was required for 27 patients (8.8%) during delivery. Median gestational age for delivery was 38 weeks (interquartile range: 37 to 39). Live birth occurred in 98% of pregnancies. One maternal death occurred within a year of delivery in a woman with Eisenmenger syndrome. Following delivery, 30-day readmission rate was 2% and the rate of readmission from 30 to 90 days post partum was 4.6%. Median follow-up was 2.6 years. CONCLUSIONS In a population of primarily Medicaid-insured pregnant women managed by a cardio-obstetrics team, maternal outcomes were encouraging and readmission rates following delivery were low. Prospective studies are needed to evaluate the impact of cardio-obstetric models of care on maternal outcomes. (c) 2020 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Is There a Relationship between Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Future Development of Atherosclerosis?; Cardiovascular disease is one of the main death causes globally. Effective cardiovascular risk management requires a thorough understanding of the mechanisms underlying the disorder. Establishing early markers of the disease allows a timely intervention and prevention of further atherosclerosis development. Multiple studies confirm the correlation between pregnancy disorders and cardiovascular disease in the postpartum period. Moreover, over 30% of women experience adverse pregnancy outcomes. Thus, the examination of the links between these conditions and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease may help to identify gender-specific risk factors. In this review, we will explore the association between several adverse pregnancy outcome conditions and atherosclerosis. The current analysis is based on the data from several recent studies on the mechanisms behind gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, miscarriages, and stillbirths and their implications for the female cardiovascular system.
Lifestyle interventions in pregnancy targeting GDM prevention: looking ahead to precision medicine; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most prevalent pregnancy-related endocrinopathy, affecting up to 25% of pregnancies worldwide. Pregnant individuals who develop GDM have an increased risk of complications during pregnancy and birth, as well as future development of type 2 diabetes mellitus and CVD. This increased risk is subsequently passed along to the offspring, perpetuating a cycle of metabolic dysfunction across generations. GDM prevention strategies have had mixed results for many years, but more recent systematic reviews and meta-analyses have suggested potential new avenues of prevention. The objective of this review is to summarise the literature examining the efficacy of lifestyle interventions for the prevention of GDM and to uncover if specific individual-level characteristics influence this outcome. Based on the present literature, we determined that future trials should be designed to understand if initiation of lifestyle intervention in the preconception period is more effective to reduce GDM. Furthermore, trials initiated during pregnancy should be developed through the lens of precision prevention. That is, trials should tailor intervention approaches based on individual-level risk defined by the presence of modifiable and non-modifiable risk factors. Finally, future interventions might also benefit from just-in-time adaptive intervention designs, which allow for interventions to be modified in real-time based on objective assessments of an individual's response.
Reduced Fetal Telomere Length in Gestational Diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an important complication of pregnancy that poses significant threats to women and their offspring. Telomere length shortens as cellular damage increases and is associated with metabolic diseases. Telomere length in fetal leucocytes was determined in 82 infants of women with GDM (N = 82) and 65 normal pregnant women (N = 65). Women with preeclampsia (N = 45) and gestational hypertension (N = 23) were also studied. In the GDM group, telomere length was significantly shorter than normal pregnancy (P = 0.028), but there were no significant differences in fetal telomere length between preeclampsia and normal pregnancy (P = 0.841) and between gestational hypertension and normal pregnancy (P = 0.561). Regression analysis revealed that fetal telomere length was significantly associated with intrauterine exposure to GDM (P = 0.027 after adjustment for maternal age, gestational age at delivery, birth weight and fetal gender). Shortened telomere length may increase the risk of metabolic diseases in adulthood of GDM offspring.
Women with a history of gestational diabetes of European and South Asian origin are shorter than women with normal glucose tolerance in pregnancy; Aims It has been reported that short individuals are more likely to have abnormalities of glucose homeostasis. The aim of this study was to examine the relationship between adult height and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), taking into account possible artefactual or confounding explanations. Methods Three hundred and forty-six women with previous GDM (169 European, 102 South Asian, 75 Afro-Caribbean) and 470 control women with no previous history of GDM (282 European, 94 South Asian and 94 Afro-Caribbean) were studied. Post-partum glucose status and height were measured. Results European and South Asian women with previous GDM were shorter than control women from the same ethnic groups (European: (mean +/- sd) 162.9 +/- 6.1 vs. 165.3 +/- 6.8 cm, P < 0.0001; South Asian: 155.2 +/- 5.4 vs. 158.2 +/- 6.3 cm, P = 0.003, adjusted for age). A similar, but non-significant trend was observed among Afro-Caribbean women (162.2 +/- 6.2 vs. 163.7 +/- 6.1 cm, P = 0.1). Similar, significant height differences were observed in Europeans and South Asians when analysis was restricted to those GDM women who had received insulin during pregnancy. There was no association between height and glucose tolerance post-partum within the GDM group. Conclusions European and South Asian women with previous GDM are shorter than control women from the same ethnic groups. The data demonstrate that this is unlikely to be an artefact resulting from the use of an fixed 75 g load in women of differing sizes, and suggest that there are likely to be common pathophysiological mechanisms underlying GDM and the determination of final adult height.
Role of fetal echocardiography in the evaluation of structure and function of fetal heart in diabetic pregnancies; Objective: To detect the structural and functional changes of fetal hearts in diabetic pregnancies by using Doppler echocardiography. Methods: This prospective study included 119 pregnant women divided into three groups. Group 1 included 47 pregnant patients with pre-existing diabetes mellitus (DM), group 2 included 40 patients with gestational diabetes and group 3 included 32 non-diabetic pregnant women. M-mode echocardiography was used to measure the thickness of the fetal ventricular walls and interventricular septum. The mitral and tricuspid early (E) and late (A) diastolic velocities and the ventricular shortening fraction were measured. Results: HbA1c % was significantly lower in gestational diabetes group compared with the pre-existing diabetes group. The interventricular septum was significantly thicker in the pre-existing diabetes group compared with other groups. Tricuspid and mitral E/A ratios were significantly lower in the pre-existing diabetes group compared with gestational diabetes and control groups. Moreover, there were no significant differences in the tricuspid and mitral E/A ratios between gestational diabetes group and the control group. The right and left ventricular shortening fractions were similar in the three groups. Conclusion: Fetuses of women with well-controlled gestational diabetes lack the diastolic dysfunction that is present in fetuses of women with pre-existing diabetes
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Cardiovascular Disease Risk: Unique Opportunities for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention in Women: A Scientific Statement From the American Heart Association; This statement summarizes evidence that adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm delivery, gestational diabetes, small-for-gestational-age delivery, placental abruption, and pregnancy loss increase a woman's risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors and of developing subsequent CVD (including fatal and nonfatal coronary heart disease, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, and heart failure). This statement highlights the importance of recognizing APOs when CVD risk is evaluated in women, although their value in reclassifying risk may not be established. A history of APOs is a prompt for more vigorous primordial prevention of CVD risk factors and primary prevention of CVD. Adopting a heart-healthy diet and increasing physical activity among women with APOs, starting in the postpartum setting and continuing across the life span, are important lifestyle interventions to decrease CVD risk. Lactation and breastfeeding may lower a woman's later cardiometabolic risk. Black and Asian women experience a higher proportion APOs, with more severe clinical presentation and worse outcomes, than White women. More studies on APOs and CVD in non-White women are needed to better understand and address these health disparities. Future studies of aspirin, statins, and metformin may better inform our recommendations for pharmacotherapy in primary CVD prevention among women who have had an APO. Several opportunities exist for health care systems to improve transitions of care for women with APOs and to implement strategies to reduce their long-term CVD risk. One proposed strategy includes incorporation of the concept of a fourth trimester into clinical recommendations and health care policy.
Pregnancy outcomes in patients complicated with pre-excitation syndrome; IntroductionPregnant women with pre-excitation syndrome are more likely to develop supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) during pregnancy and delivery, leading to an increased risk of adverse events. MethodThis was a retrospective study of 309 pregnancies in 280 women (29 women had two pregnancies in this series) with pre-excitation syndrome who delivered at West China Second University Hospital from June 2011 to October 2021. All the 309 pregnant women with pre-excitation syndrome were divided into SVT and non-SVT groups to analyze the cardiac and obstetric complications. ResultsAmong the included pregnant women in the past 10 years, the prevalence of pre-excitation syndrome was 0.24% (309/127725). There were 309 cases with pre-excitation syndrome in all hospitalized pregnant women. Among them, 62 (20.1%, 62/309) had a history of SVT. In the 62 cases with SVT during pregnancy, 22 (35.5%) cases had a history of SVT. Gestational diabetes mellitus was associated with SVT during pregnancy. The cesarean section rate was 88.7% in the SVT group, which was significantly higher than that in the non-SVT group (64.8%) (P < 0.001). Cases with SVT during pregnancy had more cardiac and obstetric complications. Four fetal deaths were recorded in the SVT group. Additionally, 29 women experienced two pregnancies during the study period, among whom, five received radiofrequency ablation after the first delivery and obtained better outcomes in the second pregnancy. ConclusionThe adverse outcomes such as cardiac complications, maternal and fetal complications (PROM, prematurity, SGA, fetal distress, etc.) in pregnant women with pre-excitation syndrome were closely related to SVT, with possible risk factors including history of SVT before pregnancy, cardiac function, heart organic abnormalities, and gestational diabetes mellitus.
Influence of gestational diabetes on fetal autonomic nervous system: a study using phase-rectified signal-averaging analysis; Objectives Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is known to influence fetal physiology. Phase-rectified signal averaging (PRSA) is an innovative signal-processing technique that can be used to investigate fetal heart signals. The PRSA-calculated variables average acceleration capacity (AAC) and average deceleration capacity (ADC) are established indices of autonomic nervous system (ANS) function. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of GDM on the fetal cardiovascular and ANS function in human pregnancy using PRSA. Methods This was a prospective clinical case-control study of 58 mothers with diagnosed GDM and 58 gestational-age matched healthy controls in the third trimester of pregnancy. Fetal cardiotocography (CTG) recordings were performed in all cases at entry to the study, and a follow-up recording was performed in 19 GDM cases close to delivery. The AAC and ADC indices were calculated by the PRSA method and fetal heart rate short-term variation (STV) by CTG software according to Dawes-Redman criteria. Results Mean gestational age of both groups at study entry was 35.7 weeks. There was a significant difference in mean AAC (1.97 +/- 0.33 bpm vs 2.42 +/- 0.57 bpm; P < 0.001) and ADC (1.94 +/- 0.32 bpm vs 2.28 +/- 0.46 bpm; P < 0.001) between controls and fetuses of diabetic mothers. This difference could not be demonstrated using standard computerized fetal CTG analysis of STV (controls, 10.8 +/- 3.0 ms vs GDM group, 11.3 +/- 2.5 ms; P=0.32). Longitudinal fetal heart rate measurements in a subgroup of women with diabetes were not significantly different from those at study entry. Conclusions Our findings show increased ANS activity in fetuses of diabetic mothers in late gestation. Analysis of human fetal cardiovascular and ANS function by PRSA may offer improved surveillance over conventional techniques linking GDM pregnancy to future cardiovascular dysfunction in the offspring. Copyright (c) 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Maternal diabetes during pregnancy and early onset of cardiovascular disease in offspring: population based cohort study with 40 years of follow-up; Objective To evaluate the associations between maternal diabetes diagnosed before or during pregnancy and early onset cardiovascular disease (CVD) in offspring during their first four decades of life. Design Population based cohort study. Setting Danish national health registries. Participants All 2 432 000 liveborn children without congenital heart disease in Denmark during 1977-2016. Followup began at birth and continued until first time diagnosis of CVD, death, emigration, or 31 December 2016, whichever came first. Exposures for observational studies Pregestational diabetes, including type 1 diabetes (n=22 055) and type 2 diabetes (n=6537), and gestational diabetes (n=26 272). Main outcome measures The primary outcome was early onset CVD (excluding congenital heart diseases) defined by hospital diagnosis. Associations between maternal diabetes and risks of early onset CVD in offspring were studied. Cox regression was used to assess whether a maternal history of CVD or maternal diabetic complications affected these associations. Adjustments were made for calendar year, sex, singleton status, maternal factors (parity, age, smoking, education, cohabitation, residence at childbirth, history of CVD before childbirth), and paternal history of CVD before childbirth. The cumulative incidence was averaged across all individuals, and factors were adjusted while treating deaths from causes other than CVD as competing events. Results During up to 40 years of follow-up, 1153 offspring of mothers with diabetes and 91 311 offspring of mothers who did not have diabetes were diagnosed with CVD. Offspring of mothers with diabetes had a 29% increased overall rate of early onset CVD (hazard ratio 1.29 (95% confidence interval 1.21 to 1.37); cumulative incidence among offspring unexposed to maternal diabetes at 40 years of age 13.07% (12.92% to 13.21%), difference in cumulative incidence between exposed and unexposed offspring 4.72% (2.37% to 7.06%)). The sibship design yielded results similar to those of the unpaired design based on the whole cohort. Both pregestational diabetes (1.34 (1.25 to 1.43)) and gestational diabetes (1.19 (1.07 to 1.32)) were associated with increased rates of CVD in offspring. Varied increased rates of specific early onset CVDs were also observed, particularly heart failure (1.45 (0.89 to 2.35)), hypertensive disease (1.78 (1.50 to 2.11)), deep vein thrombosis (1.82 (1.38 to 2.41)), and pulmonary embolism (1.91 (1.31 to 2.80)). Increased rates of CVD were seen in different age groups from childhood to early adulthood until age 40 years. The increased rates were more pronounced among offspring of mothers with diabetic complications (1.60 (1.25 to 2.05)). A higher incidence of early onset CVD in offspring of mothers with diabetes and comorbid CVD (1.73 (1.36 to 2.20)) was associated with the added influence of comorbid CVD but not due to the interaction between diabetes and CVD on the multiplicative scale (P value for interaction 0.94). Conclusions Children of mothers with diabetes, especially those mothers with a history of CVD or diabetic complications, have increased rates of early onset CVD from childhood to early adulthood. If maternal diabetes does have a causal association with increased CVD rate in offspring, the prevention, screening, and treatment of diabetes in women of childbearing age could help to reduce the risk of CVD in the next generation.
Back to the future: Examining type 2 diabetic vasculature using the gestational diabetic placenta; Understanding the association between the intrauterine hyperglycemic milieu and the development of adult diabetic vasculopathy is of particular relevance in India, where diabetes and vascular disease are prevalent. The gestational diabetes mellitus placenta is a valuable tool to examine blood vessels that have been exposed to hyperglycemic cues. We report an interesting observation in a cohort of gestational diabetes mellitus foetal placental vasculature from South India. Transmission electron microscopy demonstrated pericyte detachment and pericyte ghost cells reminiscent of adult type 2 diabetic retinopathy, in gestational diabetes mellitus foetal placental blood vessels that were not observed in non-gestational diabetes mellitus placentas (p <= 0.001). Endothelial cell irregularity was observed in 76% gestational diabetes mellitus foetal blood vessels as compared with 10.4% non-gestational diabetes mellitus placental vasculature (p <= 0.001). Other abnormalities noted in gestational diabetes mellitus placenta included mitochondrial abnormalities, increased micro vessel density and thickening of basement membranes. These results suggest that adult type 2 diabetic vasculopathy has developmental origins in utero.
Maternal obesity, diabetes during pregnancy and epigenetic mechanisms that influence the developmental origins of cardiometabolic disease in the offspring; Since 1980, global obesity has doubled, and the incidence of cardiometabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes and heart disease is also increasing. While genetic susceptibility and adult lifestyle are implicated in these trends, evidence from clinical cohorts, epidemiological studies and animal model experiments support a role for early-life environmental exposures in determining the long-term health of an individual, which has led to the formulation of the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) theory. In fact, maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy, which are on the rise, are strongly associated with altered fetal growth and development as well as with lifelong perturbations in metabolic tissues. A mounting body of evidence implicates epigenetic mechanisms (e.g. DNA methylation and histone modifications) in the regulation of these effects and their transmission to future generations. This review critically discusses the current evidence (in animal model systems and humans) that implicates maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy in perturbing the epigenome of the next generation, and the consequential impact on growth, organ development and ultimately cardiometabolic disease progression. Additionally, this review will address some of the limitations of the DOHaD approach and areas that require further study. For example, future research requires verification of the mechanistic impact of the epigenetic marks and their persistence over the life course. Ultimately, this knowledge is needed to establish optimal screening, prevention and therapeutic approaches for children at risk of cardiometabolic disease development.
Cinnamaldehyde mitigates placental vascular dysfunction of gestational diabetes and protects from the associated fetal hypoxia by modulating placental angiogenesis, metabolic activity and oxidative stress; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major pregnancy-related disorder with an increasing prevalence worldwide. GDM is associated with altered placental vascular functions and has severe consequences for fetal growth. There is no commonly accepted medication for GDM due to safety considerations. Actions of the currently limited therapeutic options focus exclusively on lowering the blood glucose level without paying attention to the altered placental vascular reactivity and remodelling. We used the fat-sucrose diet/streptozotocin (FSD/STZ) rat model of GDM to explore the efficacy of cinnamaldehyde (Ci; 20 mg/kg/day), a promising antidiabetic agent for GDM, and glyburide/metformin-HCl (Gly/Met; 0.6 + 100 mg/kg/day), as a reference drug for treatment of GDM, on the placenta structure and function at term pregnancy after their oral intake one week before mating onward. Through genome-wide transcriptome, biochemical, metabolome, metal analysis and histopathology we obtained an integrated understanding of their effects. GDM resulted in maternal and fetal hyperglycemia, fetal hyperinsulinemia and placental dysfunction with subsequent fetal anemia, hepatic iron deficiency and high serum erythropoietin level, reflecting fetal hypoxia. Differentially-regulated genes were overrepresented for pathways of angiogenesis, metabolic transporters and oxidative stress. Despite Ci and Gly/Met effectively alleviated the maternal and fetal glycemia, only Ci offered substantial protection from GDM-associated placental vasculopathy and prevented the fetal hypoxia. This was explained by Ci's impact on the molecular regulation of placental angiogenesis, metabolic activity and redox signaling. In conclusion, Ci provides a dual impact for the treatment of GDM at both maternal and fetal levels through its antidiabetic effect and the direct placental vasoprotective action. Lack of Gly/Met effectiveness to restore it's impaired functionality demonstrates the vital role of the placenta in developing efficient medications for GDM.
Pregnancy, Cesarean, and Pheochromocytoma: A Case Report and Literature Review; A 43-year-old full-term pregnant woman (gravida 2, para 1, medical history of gestational diabetes mellitus) developed a sudden and malignant hypertension with hemoptysis, sweat, and tachycardia during a scheduled C-section. A dead newborn was delivered and was successfully resuscitated. The mother died after resistant cardiac arrest. Autopsy and pathological analyses revealed an acute pulmonary edema and a necrotic and hemorrhagic voluminous tumor of the left adrenal gland, which was a pheochromocytoma. Pheochromocytoma is a rare tumor of the adrenal glands which secretes catecholamines. In pregnant women, its symptoms can mimic gestational hypertension, preeclampsia or eclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus. The gestational diabetes mellitus was presumed to be a symptom of the pheochromocytoma, and cardiopulmonary failure the result from the necrosis of the tumor provoked by gravid uterus compression. From a medico-legal point of view, the tumor could not have been suspected during the pregnancy.
Red meat consumption, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims Observational studies show inconsistent associations of red meat consumption with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes. Moreover, red meat consumption varies by sex and setting, however, whether the associations vary by sex and setting remains unclear. Methods and results This systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted to summarize the evidence concerning the associations of unprocessed and processed red meat consumption with CVD and its subtypes [coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, and heart failure], type two diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to assess differences by sex and setting (western vs. eastern, categorized based on dietary pattern and geographic region). Two researchers independently screened studies from PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, and the Cochrane Library for observational studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published by 30 June 2022. Forty-three observational studies (N = 4 462 810, 61.7% women) for CVD and 27 observational studies (N = 1 760 774, 64.4% women) for diabetes were included. Red meat consumption was positively associated with CVD [hazard ratio (HR) 1.11, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.05 to 1.16 for unprocessed red meat (per 100 g/day increment); 1.26, 95% CI 1.18 to 1.35 for processed red meat (per 50 g/day increment)], CVD subtypes, T2DM, and GDM. The associations with stroke and T2DM were higher in western settings, with no difference by sex. Conclusion Unprocessed and processed red meat consumption are both associated with higher risk of CVD, CVD subtypes, and diabetes, with a stronger association in western settings but no sex difference. Better understanding of the mechanisms is needed to facilitate improving cardiometabolic and planetary health.
Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Women With Pregnancy-Related Risk Factors: A Prospective Women's Heart Clinic Study; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and having a small-for-gstational- age baby are known to substantially increase a woman's risk of cardiovascular disease. Despite this, evidence for models of care that mitigate cardiovascular disease risk in women with these pregnancy-related conditions is lacking. METHODS AND RESULTS: A 6-month prospective cohort study assessed the effectiveness of a multidisciplinary Women's Heart Clinic on blood pressure and lipid control in women aged 30 to 55 years with a past pregnancy diagnosis of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, or a small-for-gestational age baby in Melbourne, Australia. The co-primary end points were (1) blood pressure <140/90 mm Hg or <130/80 mm Hg if diabetes and (2) total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio <4.5. The study recruited 156 women with a mean age of 41.0 +/- 4.2 years, 3.9 +/- 2.9 years from last delivery, 68.6% White, 20.5% South/East Asian, and 80.5% university-educated. The proportion meeting blood pressure target increased (69.2% to 80.5%, P=0.004), with no significant change in lipid targets (80.6% to 83.7%, P=0.182). Systolic blood pressure (-6.9 mm Hg [95% CI, -9.1 to -4.7], P<0.001), body mass index (- 0.6 kg/m(2) [95% CI, -0.8 to -0.3], P<0.001), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (-4.2 mg/dL [95% CI, -8.2 to - 0.2], P= 0.042), and total cholesterol (-4.6 mg/dL [95% CI, -9.1 to -0.2] P=0.042) reduced. Heart-healthy lifestyle significantly improved with increased fish/olive oil (36.5% to 51.0%, P=0.012), decreased fast food consumption (33.8% to 11.0%, P<0.001), and increased physical activity (84.0% to 92.9%, P=0.025). CONCLUSIONS: Women at high risk for cardiovascular disease due to past pregnancy-related conditions experienced significant improvements in multiple cardiovascular risk factors after attending a Women's Heart Clinic, potentially improving long-term cardiovascular disease outcomes.
Epidemiological profile and obstetric outcomes of patients with peripartum congestive heart failure in Taiwan: a retrospective nationwide study; Background: During pregnancy, the hyperdynamic physiology of circulation can exacerbate many cardiovascular disorders. Congestive heart failure (CHF) usually occurs during late pregnancy, which is significantly associated with a high level of maternal and neonatal morbidities and mortalities. The profile of women who develop peripartum CHF (PCHF) is unknown. We investigated the epidemiological profiles of PCHF. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study, PCHF patients were identified using International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) codes in Taiwan's National Health Insurance Research Database. Risk factors and obstetric outcomes were compared in women with and without PCHF. Results: From 2,115,873 birth-mothers in Taiwan between 1997 and 2013, we identified 512 with PCHF (incidence: 24. 20/ 105). More women with than without PCHF were older (>= 35, 18.16% vs. 9.62%), and had more multifetal gestations (7.42% vs. 1.40%), gestational hypertension (HTN) (19.2% vs. 1.31%), and gestational diabetes mellitus (4.10% vs. 0.67%). After the analysis had been adjusted for confounders, the leading comorbidities associated with PCHF were structural heart diseases (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 67.21; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 54.29-83.22), pulmonary diseases (aOR: 13.12; 95% CI: 10.28-16.75), chronic HTN (aOR: 11.27; 95% CI: 6.94-18.28), thyroid disease (aOR: 9.53; 95% CI: 5.27-17.23), and gestational HTN (aOR: 5.16; 95% CI: 3.89-6.85). PCHF patients also had a higher rate of cesarean sections (66.41% vs. 34.46%; p < 0.0001). Conclusion: Maternal structural heart diseases, pulmonary diseases, thyroid disorders, and preexisting or gestational HTN are associated with a higher risk of developing PCHF. Birth-mothers with PCHF also had a higher risk of caesarean section and adverse outcomes, including maternal death. Our findings should benefit healthcare providers, and government and health insurance policy makers.
Associations of polymorphisms in the candidate genes for Alzheimer's disease <i>BIN1, CLU, CR1</i> and <i>PICALM</i> with gestational diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance; Alzheimer's disease (AD) is the most common type of dementia, with a prevalence that is rising every year. AD is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and insulin resistance, and is therefore sometimes called "type 3 diabetes mellitus". The aim of this study was to examine whether the variants of some candidate genes involved in the development of AD, namely BIN1 (rs744373), CLU (rs11136000), CR1 (rs3818361), and PICALM (rs3851179), are related to several disorders of glucose metabolism-gestational diabetes (GDM), T2DM and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Our study included 550 women with former GDM and 717 control women, 392 patients with T2DM and 180 non-diabetic controls, and 117 patients with IGT and 630 controls with normal glucose tolerance. Genotyping analysis was performed using specially-designed TaqMan assays. No significant associations of the genetic variants rs744373 in BIN1, rs11136000 in CLU, or rs3818361 in CR1 were found with GDM, T2DM or IGT, but rs3851179 in PICALM was associated with an increased risk of GDM. The frequency of the AD risk-associated C allele was significantly higher in the GDM group compared to controls: OR 1.21; 95% CI (1.03-1.44). This finding was not apparent in T2DM and IGT; conversely, the C allele of the PICALM SNP was protective for IGT: OR 0.67; 95% CI (0.51-0.89). This study demonstrates an association between PICALM rs3851179 and GDM as well as IGT. However, elucidation of the possible role of this gene in the pathogenesis of GDM requires further independent studies.
The risk of metabolic syndrome in women with previous GDM in a long-term follow-up; The aim of this study was to evaluate the incidence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) during long-term follow-up of women with gestational diabetes (GDM). Furthermore, we evaluated the glycemic measures from an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy as predictors of incident MetS. Women diagnosed with GDM were divided into two groups according to the results of OGTT: one abnormal value = GDM1 (n = 338) and two abnormal values = GDM2 (n = 151), while women with normal glucose tolerance (n = 385) served as controls. MetS and its components were evaluated in a follow-up study (mean follow-up time 7.3 +/- 5.1 years) according to the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria. Fasting plasma glucose in OGTT was the best predictor of incident MetS in ROC (area under the curve) analysis. The incidence of MetS during a<5-year follow-up was 22.2% in controls, 39.3% in GDM1 and 60.4% in GDM2; and 410-year follow-up 24.2%, 46.2% and 62.5%, respectively. In controls and GDM2, the incidence of MetS remained nearly constant during the follow-up, whereas in GDM1 it increased. In conclusion, already mild gestational glucose intolerance may progress to MetS and therefore merits intervention measures to prevent future cardiovascular disease.
Glucose tolerance in pregnancy and the long-term risk of cardiovascular disease; Background: Studies demonstrate an association between high but non-diabetic blood glucose levels and cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Pregnancy alters glucose metabolism and results in a continuum of glucose tolerance, it is not known whether this continuum is associated with a continuum of risk of CVD in later life. Objectives: To examine the long-term risk of CVD associated with the continuum of maternal glucose tolerance. Participants: Nine hundred and seventeen participants assessed during pregnancy and followed over 20 years. Measurements: Smoking behaviour, BMI at index pregnancy and follow-up, and gestational HbA1c. Main Outcome: Requiring medication for hypertension and CVD, and hospital admissions for CVD as ascertained by record linkage over 20-year period. Results: Fifty-one women had a history of CVD, 85 women had hypertension and 17 women (2.3%) were admitted for CVD. There was a significant increase in the risk for CVD, hypertension and hospitalisation for CVD across the quartiles of gestational HbA1c after adjustment for known risk factors. This increased risk reached statistical significance in the highest quartile although confidence intervals were wide. Conclusion: Sub-clinical HbA1c during pregnancy was associated with a dose-related increase in the presence of medication and hospital admission for CVD. The magnitude of these effects is of note. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
The long-term effects of stillbirth on women with and without gestational diabetes: a population-based cohort study; Aims/hypothesis The aim of this study was to estimate the incidence of type 2 diabetes (primary objective) and hospitalisation for cardiovascular events (secondary objective) in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and in those with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) in pregnancy, and to evaluate the role of stillbirth in differentiating the risks. Methods This was a population-based cohort study using administrative data and involving 12 local health authorities. Women with GDM (n = 3,851) during the index period from 2002 to 2010 were propensity matched with women with NGT (n = 11,553). Information was collected on type 2 diabetes development and hospitalisation for cardiovascular events. Results During a median follow-up of 5.4 years, the incidence rate per 1,000 person-years of type 2 diabetes was 2.1 (95% CI 1.8, 2.5) in women without GDM and 54.0 (95% CI 50.2, 58.0) among women with GDM and pregnancy at term (incidence rate ratio [IRR] 26.9; 95% CI 22.1, 32.7 compared with NGT and pregnancy at term). A history of stillbirth increased the risk of type 2 diabetes development by about twofold, irrespective of GDM status. No significant interaction between stillbirth and GDM on type 2 diabetes risk was found. GDM was associated with a significantly higher risk of cardiovascular events compared with NGT (IRR 2.4; 95% CI 1.5, 3.8). Conclusions/interpretation Pregnancy complicated by GDM and ending in stillbirth represents an important contributory factor in determining type 2 diabetes development. Women with GDM are at a high risk of future cardiovascular events. Women with pregnancy complicated by GDM and stillbirth deserve careful follow-up.
Heart Rate Variability and Pregnancy Complications: Systematic Review; Background: The autonomic nervous system (ANS) is known as a critical regulatory system for pregnancy-induced adaptations. If it fails to function, life-threatening pregnancy complications could occur. Hence, understanding and monitoring the underlying mechanism of action for these complications are necessary. Objective: We aimed to systematically review the literature concerned with the associations between heart rate variability (HRV), as an ANS biomarker, and pregnancy complications. Methods: We performed a comprehensive search in the PubMed, Medline Completion, CINAHL Completion, Web of Science Core Collection Classic, Cochrane Library, and SCOPUS databases in February 2022 with no time span limitation. We included studies concerned with the association between any pregnancy complications and HRV, with or without a control group. The PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses) guideline was used for the review of the studies, and Covidence software was used for the study selection process. For data synthesis, we used the guideline by Popay et al.Results: Finally, 12 studies with 6656 participants were included. Despite the methodological divergency that hindered a comprehensive comparison, our findings suggest that ANS is linked with some common pregnancy complications including fetal growth. However, existing studies do not support an association between ANS and gestational diabetes mellitus. Studies that linked pulmonary and central nervous system disorders with ANS function did not provide enough evidence to draw conclusions.Conclusions: This review highlights the importance of understanding and monitoring the underlying mechanism of ANS in pregnancy-induced adaptations and the need for further research with robust methodology in this area.
The Relationship of Objective Physical Activity with Traditional and Nontraditional Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors in Women; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women in the USA, accounting for one of every three deaths. Physical activity (PA) has been shown to have numerous beneficial effects for CVD risk reduction in women. Nonetheless, much of the previous research on the impact of PA on CVD risk factors has been measured using self-report questionnaires. The purpose of this review was to summarize the main findings for the association between objectively measured PA and PA interventions on traditional and nontraditional CVD risk factors from randomized controlled trials (RCT), cohort, and cross-sectional studies published in or after 2011. Traditional risk factors included hypertension, lipids, diabetes mellitus, and obesity whereas nontraditional risk factors included hypertension during pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), and depression. Shifting from traditional CVD risk factors to nontraditional, researchers have been assessing objective PA and PA interventions on pregnancy-related CVD risk factors. A recent meta-analysis and RCT found that exercise during pregnancy reduces the risk of GDM compared to standard maternity care. Recent intervention studies show the beneficial effects of strength training and high-intensity interval training on insulin resistance in women with PCOS. More research looking at PA interventions with objectively measured compliance to PA (actual number of minutes, intensity, etc.) and observational studies using objective measures for PA (accelerometers, pedometers, etc.) are necessary at this time due to the difficulty of measuring light PA and the overestimation of MVPA through self-report.
Comprehensive primary prevention of cardiovascular disease in women; Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) remains the leading cause of mortality in women. Historically, medical research has focused on male patients, and subsequently, there has been decreased awareness of the burden of ASCVD in females until recent years. The biological differences between sexes and differences in societal expectations defined by gender roles contribute to gender differences in ASCVD risk factors. With these differing risk profiles, risk assessment, risk stratification, and primary preventive measures of ASCVD are different in women and men. In this review article, clinicians will understand the risk factors unique to women, such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and those that disproportionately affect them such as autoimmune disorders. With these conditions in mind, the approach to ASCVD risk assessment and stratification in women will be discussed. Furthermore, the literature behind the effects of primary preventive measures in women, including lifestyle modifications, aspirin, statins, and anticoagulation, will be reviewed. The aim of this review article was to ultimately improve ASCVD primary prevention by reducing gender disparities through education of physicians.
Gestational diabetes influences the expression of hypertrophic genes in left ventricle of rat's offspring; Objective(s): Gestational diabetes increases the risk of congenital heart disease in the offspring, but the molecular mechanism underlying this process remains unclear. Therefore, the current study was conducted to assess the effects of induced gestational diabetes on expression of some involved genes in cardiac hypertrophy in the offspring of diabetic rats. Materials and Methods: Diabetes was induced in 40 adult Wistar rats by intraperitoneal injection of 45 mg/kg of streptozotocin. The day of appearance of the vaginal plug was assumed as day zero of gestation for inducing diabetes. After pregnancy, the offspring was maintained until they reach the age of 12 weeks. Then, their hearts were excised and were sectioned for molecular study. We analyzed the expression pattern of some hypertrophic genes by the quantitative real-time RT-PCR. Results: The mRNA expression levels of all studied genes including c-jun, c-fos, c-myc, alpha-myosin heavy chain (alpha-MHC), atrial natriuretic factor (ANF) and beta-MHC, which are important in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy, were higher in the offspring of the diabetic group compared to controls. Significant differences were found for beta-MHC and c-myc with P<0.01 and for alpha-MHC and c-fos with P<0.05. Conclusion: Gestational diabetes upregulates expression of c-jun, c-fos c-myc, a-MHC, ANF and beta-MHC genes that are involved in cardiac hypertrophy in the offspring of diabetic rats.
Future risk of metabolic syndrome in women with a previous LGA delivery stratified by gestational glucose tolerance: a prospective cohort study; Background: Whether the delivery of a large-for-gestational-age (LGA) infant predicts future maternal metabolic syndrome (MetS) is not known. To this aim, we investigated the incidence of MetS and its components in women with or without a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with a view to the birth weight of the offspring. Methods: Eight hundred seventy six women treated for their pregnancies in Kuopio University Hospital in 19892009 underwent a follow-up study (mean follow-up time 7.3 (SD 5.1) years), of whom 489 women with GDM and 385 normoglycemic controls. The women were stratified into two groups according to the newborn's birth weight: 10-90th percentile (appropriate-for-gestational-age; AGA) (n = 662) and > 90th percentile (LGA) (n = 116). MetS and its components were evaluated in the follow-up study according to the International Diabetes Federation criteria. Results: LGA vs. AGA delivery was associated with a higher incidence of MetS at follow-up in women with a background of GDM (54.4% vs. 43.6%), but not in women without GDM. Conclusion: An LGA delivery in women with GDM is associated with a higher risk of future MetS and this group is optimal to study preventive measures for MetS. In contrast, an LGA delivery after a normoglycemic pregnancy was not associated with an increased future maternal MetS risk.
Gestational Diabetes or Lesser Degrees of Glucose Intolerance and Risk of Preeclampsia; Objective. We evaluated the association of 1-h oral glucose challenge test (OGCT) and 3-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results with preeclampsia. Methods. A retrospective cohort study was performed among 26,105 women. Results. Preeclampsia was associated with the upper OGCT quartiles [114-132 mg/dL: odds ratio (OR) = 1.25, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.09-1.44; >132 mg/dL: OR = 1.40, 95% CI 1.21-1.61] compared with <98 mg/dL adjusting for age, primigravidity, and gestational diabetes, and also to one abnormal OGTT value (adjusted OR 1.38, 95% CI 1.09-1.75) or gestational diabetes (adjusted OR 1.45, 95% CI 1.15-1.83). Conclusion. Higher glucose levels are associated with preeclampsia suggesting a pathophysiological role for glucose metabolism.
Validity of Alternative Claims-based Algorithms for Type 1, Type 2, and Gestational Diabetes in Pregnancy; Objective: Our aim in this study was to evaluate the accuracy of alternative algorithms for identifying pre-existing type 1 or 2 diabetes (T1DM or T2DM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in pregnant women.Methods: Data from a clinical registry of pregnant women presenting to an Edmonton diabetes clinic between 2002 and 2009 were linked and administrative health records. Three algorithms for identifying women with T1DM, T2DM, and GDM based on International Classification of Diseases-tenth revision (ICD-10) codes were assessed: delivery hospitalization records (Algorithm #1), outpatient clinics during pregnancy (Algorithm #2), and delivery hospitalization plus outpatient clinics during pregnancy (Algorithm #3). In a subset of women with clinic visits between 2005 and 2009, we examined the performance of an additional Algorithm #4 based on Algorithm #3 plus outpatient clinics in the 2 years before pregnancy. Using the diabetes clinical registry as the "gold standard," we calculated true positive rates and agreement levels for the algorithms.Results: The clinical registry included data on 928 pregnancies, of which 90 were T1DM, 89 were T2DM, and 749 were GDM. Algorithm #3 had the highest true positive rate for the detection of T1DM, T2DM, and GDM of 94%, 72%, and 99.9%, respectively, resulting in an overall agreement of 97% in diagnosis between the administrative databases and the clinical registry. Algorithm #4 did not provide much improvement over Algorithm #3 in overall agreement.Conclusions: An algorithm based on ICD-10 codes in the delivery hospitalization and outpatient clinic records during pregnancy can be used to accurately identify women with T1DM, T2DM, and GDM.(c) 2023 Canadian Diabetes Association.
Achieving penetration and participation in diabetes after pregnancy prevention interventions following gestational diabetes: A health promotion challenge; Aim: Health behaviour change interventions have potential to reduce diabetes after pregnancy (DAP) rates following gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Recruitment success is arguably as important as intervention effectiveness, but receives less attention. We examined penetration into target populations and participation in DAP prevention interventions in women with a GDM history. Methods: Five databases were searched for studies published up to December 2017. Studies were reviewed by at least three reviewers and data were qualitatively synthesized. Penetration (invited/target population) and participation (enrolled/invited) rates were calculated after data extraction. Results: Among 2859 records, 33 intervention studies were identified, among which 16 had sufficient information to calculate penetration or participation. Penetration proportion (n = 9 studies) was between 85 and 100% for two-thirds of studies included. Participation proportion (n = 16 studies) varied substantially; when recruitment occurred during pregnancy or early postpartum, participation was 40% or more, especially if face-to-face contact was used within the GDM care setting, compared to under 15% in mid/late postpartum with mailed invitation and/or telephone contact. Conclusions: Although penetration and participation reporting is sub-optimal, penetration is generally high while participation is variable. Leveraging and structuring recruitment within standard GDM care and settings appears to be important to engage women in DAP prevention activities. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Combined past preeclampsia and gestational diabetes is associated with a very high frequency of coronary microvascular dysfunction; Background: A history of preeclampsia (pPE) and gestational diabetes (pGDM) are female-specific risk markers for atherosclerosis and future cardiovascular risk. In addition to increasing the risk of established risk factors for atherosclerosis, such as hypertension or diabetes, evidence suggests that pregnancy-related complications can also directly accelerate atherosclerosis by inducing endothelial dysfunction. A combination of both conditions is seen in a subset of patients with pregnancy, though it is not known whether this combination increases the overall risk for cardiovascular events. Aims: Present study aimed to find the impact of combined pPE/pGDM on the prevalence of coronary micro vascular dysfunction (CMD). Methods: A total of 24 patients with combined pPE/pGDM, 19 patients with isolated pPE and 63 patients with pGDM were included to the present study and a further 36 healthy women with no previous pregnancy-related complications served as controls. Coronary flow reserve was measured using echocardiography and CMD was defined as a coronary flow reserve <= 2.5. Results: Patients with combined pPE/pGDM had a high prevalence of CMD (91%), which was significantly higher than controls (5.6%, p < 0.001) and patients with pGDM (55%, p = 0.01). A history of pPE on top of pGDM was associated with an increased risk of CMD (HR:6.28, 95%CI:1.69-23.37, p = 0.006) after multivariate adjustment, but pGDM did not increase the odds for CMD in those with pPE. Conclusions: Combined pPE/pDM is associated with a very high prevalence of CMD, which may indicate an increased risk for future cardiovascular events.
Screening Glucose Challenge Test in Pregnancy Can Identify Women With an Adverse Postpartum Cardiovascular Risk Factor Profile: Implications for Cardiovascular Risk Reduction; Background-The 1-hour glucose challenge test (GCT) is routinely performed in pregnancy to screen for gestational diabetes mellitus. Remarkably, it has recently emerged that the GCT can also predict a woman's future risk of cardiovascular disease, although the mechanistic basis of this relationship is unclear. In this context we hypothesized that a higher GCT may identify women with an otherwise unrecognized adverse cardiovascular phenotype. Thus, we sought to evaluate the relationship between the antepartum GCT and subsequent postpartum cardiovascular risk factor profile. Methods and Results-In this study 503 women completed a screening GCT in late second trimester and then underwent cardiometabolic characterization at 3 months postpartum, whereupon traditional (blood pressure, glucose, lipids) and nontraditional (apolipoprotein B, C-reactive protein, adiponectin) cardiovascular risk factors were compared across GCT tertiles. At 3 months postpartum, each of the following risk factors progressively worsened from the lowest to middle to highest GCT tertile: fasting glucose (P=0.0002), 2-hour glucose (P<0.0001), total cholesterol:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.0004), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.004), triglycerides (P=0.001), apolipoprotein B (P=0.001), and adiponectin (P=0.02). On multiple linear regression analyses, the GCT emerged as a significant independent predictor of higher fasting glucose (P=0.0006), 2-hour glucose (P<0.0001), total cholesterol: high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.0004), triglycerides (P=0.001), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.01), and apolipoprotein B (P=0.004) and of lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.02) and adiponectin (P=0.0099). Moreover, these independent associations persisted after excluding women who had gestational diabetes mellitus. Conclusions-The antepartum GCT can identify women with an adverse underlying cardiovascular risk factor phenotype.
Ethnic variation in the activity of lipid desaturases and their relationships with cardiovascular risk factors in control women and an at-risk group with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study; Background: Lipid desaturase enzymes mediate the metabolism of fatty acids to long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and their activities are related to metabolic risk factors for Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and coronary heart disease (CHD). There are marked ethnic differences in risks of CHD and T2DM but little is known about ethnic differences in desaturase activities. Methods: Samples from a study of CVD risk in women with previous gestational diabetes were analysed for percentage fatty acids in plasma free fatty acid, triglyceride, cholesterol ester and phospholipid pools for 89 white European, 53 African Caribbean and 56 Asian Indian women. The fatty acid desaturase activities, stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD, calculated separately for C16 and C18 fatty acids), delta 6 desaturase (D6D) and delta 5 desaturase (D5D) were estimated from precursor-to-product ratios and their relationships with adiposity, blood pressure, cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL cholesterol and insulin sensitivity explored. Ethnic differences in desaturase activities independent of ethnic variation in risk factor correlates of desaturase activities were then identified. Results: There was significant ethnic variation in age, BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, serum triglycerides and HDL cholesterol concentrations and insulin resistance. Desaturase activities showed significant correlations, independent of ethnicity, with BMI, waist circumference, triglycerides and HDL cholesterol. Independent of ethnic variation in BMI, waist circumference, triglycerides and HDL cholesterol, SCD-16 activity, calculated from each of the four lipid pools measured, was 18-35 percent higher in white Europeans than in African Caribbeans or Asian Indians (all p < 0.001). Similar, though less consistent differences were apparent for SCD-18 activity. Also independently of risk factor variation, but specifically when calculated from the cholesterol ester and phospholipid, pools, D6D activity was significantly lower in Asian Indians, and D5D activity higher in African Caribbeans. Conclusions: Significant ethnic differences exist in desaturase activities, independently of ethnic variation in other risk factors. These characteristics did not accord with higher risk of T2DM among African Caribbeans and Asian Indians nor with lower risk of CHD among African Caribbeans but did accord with the higher risk of CHD in Asian Indians.
Fetal Cardiac Function in Maternal Diabetes: A Conventional and Speckle-Tracking Echocardiographic Study; Background: Intrauterine exposure to a diabetic environment is associated with adverse fetal myocardial remodeling. The aim of this studywas to assess the biventricular systolic and diastolic function of fetuses exposed to maternal diabetes ( MD) compared with control subjects, using a comprehensive cardiac functional assessment and exploring the role of speckle-tracking to assess myocardial deformation. The authors hypothesized that fetuses exposed to MD present signs of biventricular dysfunction, which can be detected by deformation analysis. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in 129 fetuses with structurally normal hearts, including 76 fetuses of mothers with diabetes and 53 of mothers without diabetes. Maternal baseline characteristics, standard fetoplacental Doppler indices, and conventional echocardiographic and myocardial deformation parameters were prospectively collected at 30 to 33 weeks of gestation. Results: Fetuses of mothers with diabetes had a significantly thicker interventricular septum compared with control subjects ( median, 4.25 mm [ interquartile range ( IQR), 3.87-4.50 mm] vs 3.67 mm [ IQR, 3.40-3.93 mm), P <.001), but no effect modification was demonstrated on myocardial deformation analysis. No significant differences were found in conventional systolic and diastolic functional parameters for the left ventricle and right ventricle, except for lower left ventricular cardiac output in the MD group ( median, 320 mL/min [ IQR, 269-377 mL/min] vs 365 mL/min [ IQR, 311-422 mL/min], P <.05]. Deformation analysis demonstrated a significantly lower early diastolic strain rate ( SRe) and late diastolic strain rate ( SRa) for both ventricles in the MD group ( left ventricle: SRe 1.85 +/- 0.72 vs 2.26 +/- 0.68 sec(-1), SRa 1.50 +/- 0.52 vs 1.78 +/- 0.57 sec(-1); right ventricle: SRe 1.57 +/- 0.73 vs 1.97 +/- 0.73 sec(-1), SRa 2 +/- 0.77 vs 1.68 +/- 0.79 sec(-1); P <.05), suggesting biventricular diastolic impairment. Additionally, the right ventricle presented a lower global longitudinal strain in the study group ( -13.67 +/- 4.18% vs -15.52 +/- 3.86%, P <.05). Multivariate analysis revealed that maternal age is an independent predictor of left and right ventricular global longitudinal strain ( P <.05), with a significant effect only in MD after group stratification. Conclusions: Fetuses of mothers with diabetes present signs of biventricular diastolic dysfunction and right ventricular systolic dysfunction by deformation analysis in the third trimester of pregnancy. They may represent a special indication group for functional cardiac assessment, independently of septal hypertrophy. Two-dimensional speckle-tracking could offer an additional benefit over conventional echocardiography to detect subclinical unfavorable changes in myocardial function in this population. ( J Am Soc Echocardiogr 2018; 31: 333-41.)
Contraceptive Options Following Gestational Diabetes: Current Perspectives; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) complicates approximately 7% of pregnancies in the United States. Along with risk factors related to pregnancy, women with a history of GDM also have an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus later in life. These women require special consideration when discussing contraception and other reproductive health issues. GDM carries a category 1 rating in the US Medical Eligibility Criteria for all contraceptive methods, which supports safety of the various methods but does not account for effectiveness. Contraceptive options differ in composition and mechanisms of action, and concerns have been raised about possible effects of contraception on metabolism. Clinical evidence is limited to suggest that hormonal contraception has significantly adverse effects on body weight, lipid, or glucose metabolism. In addition, the majority of evidence does not suggest a relationship between development of type 2 diabetes mellitus and use of hormonal contraception. Data are limited, so it is challenging to make a broad, general recommendation regarding contraception for women with a history of GDM. A woman's history of GDM should be considered during contraceptive counseling. Discussion should focus on potential medical comorbidities and the implications of GDM on future health, with special consideration of issues including bone health, obesity, cardiovascular disease, and thrombosis risk. Providers must emphasize the importance of reliable, highly effective contraception for women with GDM, to optimize the timing of future pregnancies. This approach to comprehensive counseling will guide optimal decision-making on contraceptive use, lifestyle changes, and planning of subsequent pregnancies.
Association Analysis in Young and Middle-Aged Mothers-Relation between Expression of Cardiovascular Disease Associated MicroRNAs and Abnormal Clinical Findings; The principal goal of the study was to map common postpartal alterations in gene expression of microRNAs associated with diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases induced by most frequently occurring pregnancy-related complications (gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm prelabor rupture of membranes, or spontaneous preterm birth). In addition, the association analyses between individual abnormal clinical findings (overweight/obesity, central obesity, hypertension, on blood pressure treatment, history of infertility treatment, actual hormonal contraceptive use, the presence of trombophilic gene mutations, actual smoking status, increased serum levels of total cholesterol, HDL (high density lipoprotein) cholesterol, LDL (low density lipoprotein) cholesterol, triglycerides, lipoprotein A, CRP (C-reactive protein), and uric acid, and increased plasma levels of homocysteine) and microRNA expression levels were performed in mothers with respect/regardless to previous course of gestation. The prior exposure to gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm prelabor rupture of membranes, or spontaneous preterm birth caused that a significant proportion of mothers (52.42% at 90.0% specificity) had substantially altered microRNA expression profile, which might originate lifelong cardiovascular risk. 26 out of 29 tested microRNAs were up-regulated in mothers with a history of such complicated pregnancies. MicroRNA expression profiles were also able to differentiate between mothers with normal and abnormal clinical findings (BMI (body mass index), waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, on blood pressure treatment, history of infertility treatment, and the presence of trombophilic gene mutations) irrespective of previous course of gestation. The treatment of hypertension even intensified upregulation of some microRNAs (miR-24-3p, and miR-342-3p) already present in women after complicated pregnancies. Newly, the presence of overweight/obesity (miR-155-5p), systolic hypertension (miR-92a-3p, and miR-210-3p), treatment for infertility (miR-155-5p), and treatment for hypertension (miR-210-3p) induced upregulation of several microRNAs. In general, mothers after complicated pregnancies are at increased risk of development of cardiovascular complications. Especially those mothers indicated to have postpartally altered microRNA expression profiles might be considered as a highly risky group that would benefit from dispensarization and implementation of primary prevention strategies.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes as a risk factor for new-onset metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease in postpartum women: A nationwide study; Background & Aims: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) can worsen cardiometabolic risk factors in women, raising their likelihood of developing cardiometabolic diseases at a young age after their initial pregnancy. Nevertheless, there are limited data on the risk of newly developing metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD) in women who have had APOs. This study aimed to evaluate the risk of new-onset MASLD after experiencing APOs. Methods: Singleton pregnant women who underwent national health screenings 1 year before pregnancy and 1 year after delivery were included in this study. APOs were defined as the presence of at least one of the followings: hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, low birth weight, and placental abruption. The primary outcome was new-onset MASLD based on the presence of APOs. Results: Among 80,037 study participants, 9,320 (11.6%) experienced APOs during pregnancy. Women who experienced APOs had an increased risk of developing new-onset MASLD after delivery even after adjustments for various covariates (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.58, 95% CI 1.45-1.72). In particular, women who experienced either HDP or GDM showed a significantly increased risk of developing new-onset MASLD (adjusted OR 2.20, 95% CI 1.81-2.67, for HDP and adjusted OR 1.83, 95% CI 1.65-2.03, for GDM). Moreover, there was a tendency toward an increased risk of new-onset MASLD according to the number of APOs (p <0.001 for trend of odds). Conclusions: APOs were associated with the risk of new-onset MASLD after delivery. Specifically, only HDP or GDM were identified as risk factors for new-onset MASLD. Impact and implications: This nationwide cohort study confirms that postpartum women with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are at an increased risk of developing metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). These findings may bring us one step closer to understanding the exact mechanisms underlying such an important association between prior APOs and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk among postpartum women. This bidirectional association between APOs and MASLD highlights the importance of considering pregnancy history in assessing CVD risk in women. It suggests a need for closer monitoring and lifestyle interventions for women with a history of APOs to reduce the risk of MASLD and subsequent CVD complications. (c) 2024 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL). This is anopen access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)
Adverse childhood experiences and lifetime adverse maternal outcomes (gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy) in the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos; Purpose: Childhood adversity is associated with increased risk of adult disease, including type II diabetes and hypertension. However, little is known about potential associations between childhood adversity and adverse pregnancy outcomes. The goal of this study was to examine the relationship between adverse childhood experiences (ACEs) and ever experiencing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) in a cohort of Hispanic or Latina women. Methods: We analyzed data from 2319 women from the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos who had ever given birth to a liveborn infant. We fit separate logistic regression models accounting for sample weights to examine the association between ACEs and risk of GDM and HDP adjusting for Hispanic/Latino background, age at immigration to the United States, and education. Results: Women who reported four or more ACEs did not show increased odds of GDM or HDP compared with those who reported three or fewer (GDM adjusted odds ratio: 0.8 [0.5, 1.3]; HDP adjusted OR: 1.0 [0.7, 1.5]). Conclusions: Unlike previous research with majority non-Hispanic White cohorts, there was no association between ACEs and GDM or HDP. Future research should explore if this relationship varies by race/ethnicity in multiethnic cohorts. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The association of endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene G894T polymorphism and serum nitric oxide concentration with microalbuminuria in patients with gestational diabetes; Aim: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a glucose intolerant condition that affects 14% of all pregnancies. Diabetes mellitus (DM) occurs in 30 - 70% of patients with GDM after delivery. DM and GDM are associated with structural and functional deterioration of the renovascular system. Our aim is to investigate the association Glu-298Asp polymorphism of the endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) gene with serum nitric oxide levels and microalbuminuria in patients with GDM and healthy pregnancies. Material and methods: Serum nitric oxide (NO) levels, urinary excretion of albumin and Glu298Asp polymorphism of the eNOS gene were analyzed in 68 patients with GDM and 73 healthy controls. High performance liquid chromatography (HPLC-Griess) method was used to analyze serum NO levels. Microalbuminuria was evaluated by rate nephelometry method. The Glu298Asp polymorphism of the eNOS gene was determined by polymerase chain reaction and restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP). Results: Nitric oxide, glucose, creatinine, and microalbuminuria were significantly different between the patients and the control subjects (p = 0.001, p = 0.001, p = 0.002, and p = 0.005, respectively). There was a significant difference between groups in terms of the ratio of GG/GT+TT of eNOS gene Glu298Asp (p = 0.02). The patients with GT+TT genotype had significantly higher microalbuminuria levels and lower NO concentrations (22.16 vs. 9.51, p = 0.005, and 10.56 vs. 12.73, p = 0.021, respectively). The presence of T allele of eNOS gene is an independent predictor of microalbuminuria (OR: 2.346, 95% confidence interval: 1.247 - 5.238, p = 0.02) as well as serum glucose and NO concentration. Conclusion: The G894T polymorphism of eNOS gene and decreased NO concentration seem to be independent predictors of increased urinary excretion of albumin in patients with GDM. Determining the frequency of eNOS gene G894T polymorphism may help to identify pregnancies at increased risk of microalbuminuria.
Primary Prevention of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in Women; Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality among women. Despite improvements in cardiovascular disease prevention efforts, there remain gaps in cardiovascular disease awareness among women, as well as age and racial disparities in ASCVD outcomes for women. Disparity also exists in the impact the traditional risk factors confer on ASCVD risk between women and men, with smoking and diabetes both resulting in stronger relative risks in women compared to men. Additionally there are risk factors that are unique to women (such as pregnancy-related factors) or that disproportionately affect women (such as auto-immune disease) where preventive efforts should be targeted. Risk assessment and management must also be sex-specific to effectively reduce cardiovascular disease and improve outcomes among women. Evidence supports the use of statin therapy for primary prevention in women at higher ASCVD risk. However, some pause should be given before prescribing aspirin therapy in women without known ASCVD, with most evidence supporting the use of aspirin for women >= 65 years not at increased risk for bleeding. This review article will summarize (1) traditional and non-traditional assessments of ASCVD risk and (2) lifestyle and pharmacologic therapies for the primary prevention of ASCVD in women.
Vitamin D and Evening Primrose Oil Administration Improve Glycemia and Lipid Profiles in Women with Gestational Diabetes; Limited data are available assessing the effects of vitamin D and evening primrose oil (EPO) administration on markers of insulin resistance and lipid concentrations in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This study was designed to evaluate the effects of vitamin D and EPO administration on insulin resistance and lipid concentrations among women with GDM. In this prospective randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial, 60 participants with GDM were divided into 2 groups of either 1000 IU vitamin D3 and 1000 mg EPO or placebo for 6 weeks. At the beginning and end of the study, fasting blood samples were obtained from the participants to measure related variables. After 6 weeks of intervention, changes in fasting plasma glucose (-3.6 +/- 7.5 vs. +1.5 +/- 11.4 mg/dL, P = 0.04), serum insulin concentrations (-2.0 +/- 5.3 vs. + 4.6 +/- 10.7 mu IU/mL, P = 0.004), homeostasis model of assessment (HOMA) insulin resistance (-0.5 +/- 1.1 vs. + 1.1 +/- 2.5, P = 0.003), HOMA-B cell function (-7.7 +/- 23.3 vs. + 17.4 +/- 42.9, P = 0.007) and the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (+ 0.01 +/- 0.02 vs. -0.01 +/- 0.02, P = 0.007) in the vitamin D plus EPO group were significantly different from the placebo group. In addition, compared with the placebo, vitamin D and EPO supplementation resulted in significant reductions in serum TAG (-20.0 +/- 54.3 vs. + 34.3 +/- 38.2 mg/dL, P < 0.001), VLDL (-4.0 +/- 10.9 vs. + 6.9 +/- 7.6 mg/dL, P < 0.001), TC (-22.1 +/- 32.6 vs. + 5.3 +/- 20.1 mg/dL, P < 0.001), LDL concentrations (-18.0 +/- 25.5 vs. + 1.8 +/- 15.7 mg/dL, P = 0.001) and TC/HDL (-0.3 +/- 0.4 vs. + 0.3 +/- 0.5 mg/dL, P < 0.001). We did not observe any significant effect of vitamin D and EPO supplementation on serum HDL concentrations.
Clustering of metabolic risk factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes: a prospective cohort study; Background The relative contributions of a cluster of metabolic risk factors to pregnancy complications are not fully understood. We investigated the correlation between clustering of metabolic risk factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Methods This prospective cohort study was performed on pregnant women who sought health care during their whole gestation in a women's and children's hospital. The pregnancy outcomes were also followed. Pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity, as well as pregnancy high triglycerides, low high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, hyperglycemia and raised blood pressure were defined as metabolic risk factors. Adverse pregnancy outcomes included preterm delivery, small/large for gestational age, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, neonatal asphyxia and foetal demise. Stratified analyses were conducted on a total of 5535 women according to classification in each metabolic risk factor. The adjusted odds ratio (OR) for adverse pregnancy outcomes according to the number of clustering metabolic factors was calculated using the logistic regression analysis. Results The number of metabolic risk factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes were positively correlated (P-trend < 0.001). Compared with women without a metabolic risk factor, women with one metabolic risk factor had a risk (OR = 1.67 95% CI 1.42-1.96) of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Women with a cluster of two metabolic risk factors tended to develop more adverse pregnancy outcomes (OR = 3.32 95% CI 2.69-4.10), and the risk was much higher in women with a cluster of three or more metabolic risk factors (OR = 10.40 95% CI 7.37-14.69). Conclusions Pregnant women with a cluster of metabolic risk factors are more likely to have adverse pregnancy outcomes. Copyright (C) 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Health service use and health system costs associated with diabetes during pregnancy in Australia; Background and aims: In the context of the rising rate of diabetes in pregnancy in Australia, this study aims to examine the health service and resource use associated with diabetes during pregnancy. Methods and results: This project utilised a linked administrative dataset containing health and cost data for all mothers who gave birth in Queensland, Australia between 2012 and 2015 (n = 186,789, plus their babies, n = 189,909). The association between maternal characteristics and diabetes status were compared with chi-square analyses. Multiple logistic regression produced the odds ratio of having different outcomes for women who had diabetes compared to women who did not. A two-sample t-test compared the mean number of health services accessed. Generalised linear regression produced the mean costs associated with health service use. Mothers who had diabetes during pregnancy were more likely to have their labour induced at <38 weeks gestation (OR:1.39, 95% CI:1.29-1.50); have a cesarean section (OR: 1.26, 95% CI:1.22 -1.31); have a preterm birth (OR:1.24, 95%: 1.18-1.32); have their baby admitted to a Special Care Nursery (OR: 2.34, 95% CI:2.26-2.43) and a Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (OR:1.25, 95%CI: 1.14-1.37). On average, mothers with diabetes access health services on more occasions during pregnancy (54.4) compared to mothers without (50.5). Total government expenditure on mothers with diabetes over the first 1000 days of the perinatal journey was significantly higher than in mothers without diabetes ($12,757 and $11,332). Conclusion: Overall, mothers that have diabetes in pregnancy require greater health care and resource use than mothers without diabetes in pregnancy. (c)& nbsp;2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Fetal echocardiography at term in diabetic pregnancies helps predict the adverse neonatal outcome - Results of a prospective observational study from South India; There is sparse Indian data on whether fetal echocardiography among pregnant diabetics would be useful to predict adverse perinatal/neonatal outcome. Objectives: To study fetal cardiac changes in diabetic mothers and non-diabetic controls from 24 weeks gestation until the neonatal period; correlate them with maternal glycemic control; study their implications on adverse perinatal/neonatal outcome. Methodology: Prospective observational cohort study. Pregnant diabetics (17 overt, 66 gestational) recruited beyond 24 weeks, divided as well (39) and poorly (44) controlled, based on American Diabetes Association 2016 criteria. Controls were 102 healthy non-diabetic pregnancies. Fetal echocardiography performed at weeks 24-32, 32-36, >37, and between 4 and 7 days on neonates. The thickness of Interventricular septum (IVS), Right Ventricle (RV), and Left ventricle (LV) assessed with M mode. E/A ratio across Tricuspid/Mitral valves and Tei index determined. TDI(Tissue Doppler imaging) used to assess tissue annular velocities across IVS, RV, and LV. Maternal glycemic control and various perinatal/neonatal adverse outcomes were recorded. Results: Significant myocardial hypertrophy seen among fetuses of diabetic mothers versus controls, most severe at term among the poorly controlled diabetics. Structural changes persisted in the neonate. At term, fetal myocardial dysfunction was evident among diabetic pregnancies only as poor annular systolic velocity across IVS, RV using TDI. However, Tissue Doppler changes could not predict adverse perinatal/neonatal outcome. Myocardial dysfunction could not be demonstrated in the neonates. Myocardial hypertrophy at term was a surrogate marker for suboptimal glycemic control, and it could predict important neonatal morbidities like hypoglycaemia, hyperbilirubinemia, prolonged NICU stays, and persistent foetal cardiac shunts. Conclusion: Our study shows a significant association between fetal myocardial hypertrophy and maternal glycemic control among GDM pregnancies. There also seems to be an association between fetal myocardial hypertrophy and some of the adverse perinatal events including hypoglycemia. However these newborns were not found to have clinically relevant cardiac comorbidities even though there was significant septal hypertrophy in utero. (C) 2020 Cardiological Society of India. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Is Glyburide Safe in Pregnancy?; The clinical recognition and adequate treatment of women with hyperglycemia during pregnancy is significant in order to reduce neonatal complications correlated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The traditional management of pregnant patients with GDM in whom diet restriction is not sufficient enough involves subcutaneous insulin administration. However, insulin therapy has several disadvantages. It is therefore highly desirable to find an effective alternative to insulin. Glyburide (also known as glibenclamide) is currently classified as Category C by the U. S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for use in pregnancy. Despite the fact that the FDA does not approve glyburide for the treatment of GDM, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommended in 2013 that: "when pharmacologic treatment of GDM is indicated, insulin and oral medications are equivalent in efficacy, and either can be an appropriate first-line therapy". These conflicting standpoints result from published contradictory data concerning the risks and benefits of the use of glyburide for the treatment of women with GDM. In this focused review we first present the current state of knowledge about the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of glyburide, including aspects of the transplacental transport and placental metabolism of the drug, and then we comment on several clinical studies describing the use of glyburide for the treatment of women with GDM. Since the contradictory data primarily concern the transfer of glyburide across the placenta, further rigorous scientific researches focusing on this issue are required in order to develop evidence-based recommendations for the use of glyburide for the treatment of women with GDM.
Gestational Diabetes and the Offspring: Implications in the Development of the Cardiorenal Metabolic Syndrome in Offspring; The risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women who had previously been diagnosed with gestational diabetes (GDM) is well established. There is increasing evidence that the offspring of women with GDM are at increased risk for the development of all components of the cardiorenal metabolic syndrome. Overall, it appears that these offspring have an increased risk for overweight/obesity, insulin resistance, higher blood pressure, renal disease, and type 2 diabetes. However, distinct differences in regional populations, lack of routine screening and treatment of GDM worldwide, and long follow-up periods for offspring represent a challenge in assessing the risk for development of these abnormalities in the offspring of women who have had GDM. Copyright (C) 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel
Prevalence of a History of Metabolic or Hypertensive Pregnancy Disorder in Patients With Myocardial Infarction and Non-obstructive Coronary Arteries: An Observational Cohort Study; IntroductionMyocardial infarction with non-obstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA) predominantly affects younger females. Women with a history of gestational hypertension (GH), preeclampsia (PE), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are subjected to an elevated lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease. However, data on the potential association between these obstetric complications and MINOCA is lacking. Therefore, the current study aimed to provide insight in the prevalence of metabolic and hypertensive pregnancy disorders (MHPD) in MINOCA patients and their clinical characteristics. MethodsIn this observational cohort study conducted at the Zuyderland Medical Center and Maastricht University Medical Center in the Netherlands, patients were enrolled if they were identified as having MINOCA. Data on individual patient characteristics, laboratory results, electrocardiography as well as (non-)invasive imaging procedures were derived from the electronic health record system. Patients were asked to complete a questionnaire about prior MHPD including GDM, GH, and PE. Patients were grouped into those with MHPD and those with prior uncomplicated normotensive pregnancy (or pregnancies; NP). ResultsAfter excluding patients without 1-year follow-up (n = 53), 86 female MINOCA patients remained eligible for analysis. Of the total female population, 25 (29.1%) patients had MHPD, including GH (n = 19; 22.1%), PE (n = 4; 4.7%), and GDM (n = 7; 8.1%). The MHPD patients showed higher rates of chronic hypertension (84.0 vs. 55.7%; p = 0.013), hypercholesterolemia (64.0 vs. 34.4%; p = 0.012), a family history of CVD (84.0 vs. 45.9%; p = 0.001), gout or rheumatic arthritis (16.0 vs. 1.6%; p = 0.024), and were more often non-smokers (45.8 vs. 78.3%; p = 0.004), compared to the NP patients. Moreover, MHPD patients were more likely to use cardiovascular medications at baseline. A trend toward no specific cause found for the MINOCA event was observed in MHPD patients compared to the NP group (64.0 vs. 42.6%, p = 0.072). ConclusionA history of metabolic and hypertensive pregnancy disorders occurred in one-third of female MINOCA patients. In these patients, conventional cardiovascular risk factors were more prevalent compared to NP patients. In most MHPD patients, the specific cause for MINOCA remained unclear.
Reference range of fetal myocardial area by three-dimensional ultrasonography and its applicability in fetuses of pre-gestational diabetic women; Objective: To determine the reference range for the myocardial area in healthy fetuses using three-dimensional (3D) ultrasonography and validate these results in fetuses of pregnant women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (DM). Methods: This cross-sectional retrospective study included 168 healthy pregnant women between gestational weeks 20 and 33+6 days. The myocardial area was measured using spatio-temporal image correlation (STIC) in the four-chamber view. Polynomial regression models were used, and the goodness of fit of the models were evaluated by the coefficient of determination (R-2). Intra-and inter-observer reproducibility was determined using the concordance correlation coefficient (CCC). Validation was performed in 30 pregnant women with pre-gestational DM. Results: There was a strong correlation (R-2 =0.71, P <0.0001) between myocardial area and gestational age. There was good intra- and inter-observer reproducibility, with a CCC of 0.86 and 0.83, respectively. however, there was no significant difference in the mean myocardial area between healthy fetuses and fetuses of women with pre-gestational DM (0.11 cm(2), P = 0.55). Conclusion: The reference range was determined for the myocardial area in fetuses, and there was no significant difference in this variable between healthy fetuses and the fetuses of women with pre-gestational DM.
Postpartum women's experiences in a randomized controlled trial of a web-based lifestyle intervention following Gestational Diabetes: a qualitative study; Introduction Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased maternal risk for the development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM). We previously demonstrated in a randomized trial that a web-based postpartum lifestyle intervention program, Balance After Baby, increased weight loss among postpartum women with recent pregnancies complicated by GDM. The aim of this analysis is to identify the impact of the intervention on study participants as assessed by exit interviews after completion of the 12 month study. Methods We conducted structured exit interviews created with a concurrent-contextual design with subjects randomized to the intervention group at the conclusion of their participation (similar to 12 months) in the Balance After Baby study, with the objectives of 1) understanding the impact of the intervention on participants and their family members, 2) identifying which program components were most and least helpful, and 3) identifying the perceived best timing for diabetes prevention interventions in postpartum women with recent GDM. Results Seventy-nine percent (26/33) of eligible intervention participants participated in interviews. Participants noted changes in diet and physical activity as a result of the intervention. Several components of the intervention, particularly the online modules and support from the lifestyle coach, were perceived by intervention participants to have had a positive effect on personal and familial lifestyle change, while other components were less utilized, including the community forum, YMCA memberships, and pedometers. Nearly all participants felt that the timing in the intervention study, beginning about 6 weeks postpartum, was ideal. Discussion Results of this study identify the importance of individualized coaching, impact on family members, and demonstrate that postpartum women feel ready to make changes by 6 weeks postpartum. Findings from this study will help inform the development of future technologically-based lifestyle interventions for postpartum women with recent GDM.
Pregnancy as the prodrome to vascular dysfunction and cardiovascular risk; In previously apparently healthy women, glucose intolerance and high blood pressure during pregnancy are common and frequently occur together. This article reviews the role of these gestational disorders as markers of vascular dysfunction and its pathophysiology. Mechanisms include alterations to function of large arteries and resistance vessels and to capillary blood flow. Much of the vessel pathology is seen in both gestational diabetes and hypertension. In women who have had transient diabetes during pregnancy and later redeveloped overt diabetes, cardiovascular risk is already elevated nearly fourfold before diagnosis, which is almost as high as the average risk after a clinical diagnosis of diabetes is made. This key finding suggests that vascular risk in such women is at least partly independent of overt hyperglycemia.
Women's awareness of cardiovascular disease risk after complications of pregnancy; Background: Certain maternal complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, birth of a growth restricted infant, idiopathic preterm labour, and placental abruption, are associated with a significantly increased risk of future maternal cardiovascular disease. In Australia, it is relatively unknown how many women with a history of complicated pregnancies are aware of their future cardiovascular disease risk.Aim: The aim of this study was to determine what percentage of women attending a cardiovascular disease prevention clinic in South Australia soon after a complicated pregnancy were aware of their increased risk of cardiovascular disease.Methods: This prospective observational study included 188 women attending a postpartum prevention clinic between 7th August 2018 and 10th February 2021. These women had experienced a serious maternal complication of pregnancy approximately seven months earlier. Women completed a self-administered health awareness survey immediately prior to their first clinic appointment to assess their awareness of their increased cardiovascular risk.Findings: Over two-thirds (69.1 %) of the women were unaware of the association between pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease, and 6.4 % of the cohort did not realise they had experienced a complicated pregnancy. Almost 10 % of the cohort did not correctly identify the complication/s they had been diagnosed with during pregnancy.Conclusion: Awareness of the association between complications of pregnancy and future cardiovascular disease was low in our cohort of women who had experienced a complication of pregnancy only seven months earlier. This emphasises the need for improved education for and communication with women to assist in implementing preventative care strategies.
Adverse health effects of particulate matter; Particulate matter (PM) is known to have serious health effects in individuals with respiratory or cardiovascular disease. Recent studies have shown that they also have noxious effects on cerebrovascular, metabolic, and neuropsychiatric disorders, as well as pregnancy. The aim of this study is to review the various diseases associated with PM in each human organ. Regarding respiratory diseases, PM has been associated with increased acute exacerbation in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, bronchial asthma, and several other respiratory diseases, resulting in increased hospitalization and mortality. In addition, PM increases the risk of lung cancer and accelerates the decline of lung function. Individuals with cardiovascular conditions such as ischemic heart disease, heart failure, hypertension, arrhythmia, and atherosclerosis have been also found to exhibit increased morbidity and mortality when exposed to PM. PM also has been reported to cause insulin resistance and to induce increasing rates of diabetes. During pregnancy, prolonged exposure to PM has been associated with increased rates of low birth weight and preterm birth. In individuals with neurological diseases, exposure to PM reduces cognitive ability and memory, and increases stroke incidence. It has been reported that PM also exacerbates psychiatric conditions, particularly depression and anxiety disorder. Thus, PM has been shown to exert very noxious health effects on the human body, with impacts including effects on respiratory and cerebrovascular diseases, cardiovascular diseases, neuropsychiatric diseases, and low birth weight.
Follow-up and screening for type-2 diabetes mellitus in women with previous gestational diabetes in primary care; ObjectiveGestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an established risk factor for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) that is possible to prevent by systematic follow-up and preventive measures. The aim of this study was to examine whether women with previous GDM were offered follow-up in primary care, according to Swedish national guidelines.DesignRetrospective review of electronic medical records.SettingPrimary care in southern Sweden, Skane county.SubjectsWomen who received a GDM diagnosis in 2018 at the Endocrinology department, Skane University Hospital in Lund. The study population consisted of a total number of 161 patients, whereof 83 patients were included.Main outcome measuresWhether primary care offered follow-up for T2DM after GDM and if any communication took place between secondary and primary care. Furthermore, it was examined whether the quality of the follow-up was in accordance with the national guidelines.ResultsOf the study population, a total of 29% (n = 24) had been followed-up by primary care. In 55% (n = 46) of the cases, there was no communication between secondary and primary care. Plasma glucose was checked in all (n = 20) cases where follow-up could be evaluated. Conversations about lifestyle habits took place in 70% (n = 14) of the cases. Weight and risk factors for cardiovascular disease were controlled in less than half (n = 9) of the patients. Lifestyle advice was offered in two cases and in 24% (n = 20) of the cases an annual check-up was planned.ConclusionsThe follow-up of women with previous GDM in primary care in southern Sweden was lacking in seven out of 10 cases and showed great potential for improvement.
Pregnancy complications and premature cardiovascular events among 1.6 million California pregnancies; Background Cardiovascular complications of pregnancy present an opportunity to assess risk for subsequent cardiovascular disease. We sought to determine whether peripartum cardiomyopathy and hypertensive disorder of pregnancy subtypes predict future myocardial infarction, heart failure or stroke independent of one another and of other risks such as gestational diabetes, preterm birth and intrauterine growth restriction. Methods and results The California Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project database was used to identify all hospitalised pregnancies from 2005 to 2009, with follow-up through 2011, for a retrospective cohort study. Pregnancies, exposures, covariates and outcomes were defined by International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision codes. Among 1.6 million pregnancies (mean age 28 years; median follow-up time to event excluding censoring 2.7 years), 558 cases of peripartum cardiomyopathy, 123 603 hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, 107 636 cases of gestational diabetes, 116 768 preterm births and 23 504 cases of intrauterine growth restriction were observed. Using multivariable Cox proportional hazards models, peripartum cardiomyopathy was independently associated with a 39.2-fold increase in heart failure (95% CI 30.0 to 51.9), resulting in 1 additional hospitalisation per 1000 person-years. There was a 13.0-fold increase in myocardial infarction (95% CI 4.1 to 40.9) and a 7.7-fold increase in stroke (95% CI 2.4 to 24.0). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were associated with 1.4-fold (95% CI 1.0 to 2.0) to 7.6-fold (95% CI 5.4 to 10.7) higher risk of myocardial infarction, heart failure and stroke, resulting in a maximum of 1 additional event per 1000 person-years. Gestational diabetes, preterm birth and intrauterine growth restriction had more modest associations. Conclusion These findings support close monitoring of women with cardiovascular pregnancy complications for prevention of early cardiovascular events and study of mechanisms underlying their development.
Effect of Iodine Nutrition on Pregnancy Outcomes in an Iodine-Sufficient Area in China; Many studies focused on the association between thyroid disease and pregnancy outcomes. The present study explored the effect of iodine nutrition during the first trimester on pregnancy outcomes. One thousand five hundred sixty-nine pregnant, euthyroid women at ae<currency>12 weeks of gestation in an iodine-sufficient area in China were recruited. According to the World Health Organization (WHO) criteria for iodine nutrition during pregnancy, participants were divided into four groups: adequate iodine (median urinary iodine concentration (UIC), 150-249 mu g/L), mild deficiency (UIC, 100-150 mu g/L), moderate and severe deficiency (UIC, < 100 mu g/L), and more than adequate and excessive (UIC, ae250 mu g/L) groups. Pregnancy outcomes, including abortion, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), placenta previa, placental abruption, preterm labor, low birth weight infants, macrosomia, breech presentation, and cord entanglement, were obtained during follow-up. The results showed that there was no significant difference in general characteristics, including age, body mass index, abdominal circumference, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, heart rate, smoking rate, and drinking rate, among the four groups. In the more than adequate and excessive group, thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) was greater and free thyroxine (FT4) was lower than any other groups but still within normal range. The thyroglobulin (Tg) level was greater in the moderate and severe deficiency group. The incidence of GDM was significantly greater in women with mild iodine deficiency than in women with adequate iodine nutriture (18.38 vs. 13.70%, p < 0.05). Compared with the adequate group, incidence of macrosomia was significantly greater in the more than adequate and excessive group (12.42 vs. 9.79%, p < 0.05). Mild iodine deficiency was an independent risk factor for GDM (odds ratio = 1.566, 95% confidence interval = 1.060-2.313, p = 0.024); more than adequate and excessive iodine was an independent risk factor for macrosomia (OR = 1.917, CI = 1.128-3.256, p = 0.016). In summary, during 1st trimester, both mild iodine deficiency and excessive iodine intake had adverse impacts on pregnancy outcomes in an iodine-sufficient area.
Dynamic Left Ventricular Changes in Patients with Gestational Diabetes: A Speckle Tracking Echocardiography Study; Purpose. The left ventricle (LV) undergoes physiologic remodeling in adaptation to the hemodynamic changes that occur in pregnancy. Speckle tracking echocardiography (STE) is a novel and reliable tool to evaluate subtle myocardial alterations that have been utilized to assess myocardial changes in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) but not in patients with gestational DM (GDM). We seek to evaluate changes in LV function using STE in patients with GDM compared with women with normal pregnancy. Methods. This was a single-center retrospective cohort study. A total of 312 pregnant patients that underwent transthoracic echocardiogram (TTE) between 2009 and 2014 were screened. After excluding patients with comorbidities or insufficient data, 90 women were included. TTE from the second and third trimester for each patient were then reviewed, and STE analysis was performed. Results. Of the 90 subjects, 72 had normal pregnancies and 18 developed GDM. There was no difference in LV end-diastolic diameter (4.73 +/- 0.40 versus 4.60 +/- 0.56, p = 0.25), LV end-systolic diameter (3.12 +/- 0.35 versus 2.91 +/- 0.61, p = 0.152), or ejection fraction (62.26 +/- 4.12 versus 63.50 +/- 5.24, p = 0.314) between the two groups. Global longitudinal strain was lower (219.8 +/- 3.34 versus 217.2 +/- 2.18, p < 0.001) in patients with GDM, while time-to-peak strain was greater (0.43 +/- 0.05 versus 0.50 +/- 0.06, p < 0.001). Circumferential and radial strains were preserved in both groups. Conclusions. Although conventional TTE variables show preserved LV size and function, LV longitudinal strain suggests subclinical myocardial dysfunction in patients with GDM. (C) 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
National survey on the execution of the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in a representative cohort of Italian laboratories; Background: Recently revised diagnostic criteria for diabetes mellitus and the lack of universal agreement on the methodology for the screening and diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) still generate inconsistency in execution of the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). The aim of the present survey was to evaluate the adherence of Italian laboratories to the internationally accepted guidelines in carrying out the OGTT for the diagnosis of diabetes in the general population and for the screening of GDM. Methods: A questionnaire was designed to investigate the following issues related to the OGTT: 1) the relationship between laboratories and diabetes centres for the definition of standard protocols; 2) the amount of glucose administered; 3) the number and timing of blood samples; 4) the procedures used for the screening and diagnosis of GDM; and 5) reference to WHO guidelines for the interpretation of the results. The questionnaire was administered to 400 specialists in laboratory medicine working in public or private laboratories nationwide participating in the "Italian External Evaluation of Quality in Laboratory Medicine'' Study Group. Results: The survey was completed in the period from June to September 2003. In the observation period, 241 questionnaires were returned by specialists working in laboratories scattered throughout 15 out of the 20 Italian regions. Only 50% of the laboratories performed the OGTT according to protocols defined in agreement with local reference diabetes centres. OGTT using 75 g of glucose in adults and 1.75 g/kg for children as recommended by WHO was performed by 87.1% of the laboratories. WHO indications to collect samples at baseline and at 120 min were followed by 33.2% of the centres. Higher variability was highlighted with respect to the methodology for GDM screening: 49.8% of the laboratories always adopted the two-step procedure consisting of a glucose challenge test (GCT) and subsequent OGTT in positive cases; 4.9% performed the 100-g OGTT with four blood samples; 1.6% the 75-g OGTT with two blood samples; and 2.7% the 75-g OGTT with four blood samples. More than 30% of the centres referred to different diagnostic schemes, 62% of which used individually chosen procedures amongst those reported above, 19% used only the GCT and no subsequent OGTT in positive cases, and 18.4% used a variety of completely different, arbitrarily chosen methods. Finally, only 25.6% of the laboratories referred to the WHO limits for interpretation of the results. Conclusions: For the Italian laboratories investigated, relevant variability was highlighted for performance of the OGTT in general and GDM screening in particular. A variable relationship between laboratories and diabetes centres was also detected, which might represent a relevant indicator for the need for rationalisation or standardisation of the method for performing an OGTT. These data highlight the need for greater collaboration between these different bodies. We suggest that other similar investigations should be carried out in other countries within the framework of the IFCC Global Campaign on Diabetes Mellitus.
Differences in biomarkers of cardiac dysfunction in cord blood between normal pregnancies and pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes; Aims The aim of this study was to compare biomarkers of cardiac dysfunction in cord blood in women with uncomplicated pregnancies and pregnancies complicated by maternal pre-gestational and gestational diabetes and to correlate these findings with fetal echocardiography parameters of cardiac function. Material and methods Fetal echocardiographic assessment was performed longitudinally on 78 fetuses in the normal cohort and 32 in the diabetic cohort by measuring tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion, mitral annular plane systolic excursion, myocardial performance index, interventricular septum (IVS) thickness and left fractional shortening between July 2015 and December 2017. Cord blood samples were obtained at birth and levels of troponin I (TnI), B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) and the amnio terminal segment of its prohormone measured. Results Women with diabetes had significantly higher median body mass index and mean z-scores for BNP. Significant associations were observed between maternal diabetes and obesity and cord-blood BNP z-scores. The effect of diabetes on TnI levels were similar, with mean values higher in women with gestational diabetes compared to normal pregnancies; however, this difference did not reach statistical significance. These biomarker findings correlated with an increased IVS thickness in the diabetic group. No difference was demonstrated in the other cardiac function parameters measured. Conclusion Biochemical markers of cardiac dysfunction are elevated in infants of diabetic and obese mothers and correlated with increased IVS thickness.
Effects of selenium supplementation on glucose homeostasis, inflammation, and oxidative stress in gestational diabetes: Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Objective: To our knowledge, no reports are available indicating the effects of selenium supplementation on metabolic parameters, inflammatory factors, and oxidative stress in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of this study was to assess the effects of selenium supplementation on metabolic status in pregnant women with GDM who were not on oral hypoglycemic agents. Methods: This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial was performed with 70 women with GDM. Patients were randomly assigned to receive either 200 jig selenium supplements as tablet (n = 35) or placebo (n = 35) for 6 wk from weeks 24 to 28 of gestation. Fasting plasma samples were taken at study baseline and after 6 wk of intervention to quantify related variables. Results: Selenium supplementation, compared with placebo, resulted in a significant reduction in fasting plasma glucose (-10.5 +/- 11.9 versus +4.5 +/- 12.9 mg/dL; P < 0.001), serum insulin levels (-1.98 +/- 11.25 versus +5.26 +/- 9.33 mu lU/mL; P = 0.005), homeostasis model of assessment (HOMA)-insulin resistance (-0.84 +/- 2.76 versus +1.47 +/- 2.46; P < 0.001) and a significant increase in quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (+0.008 +/- 0.03 versus 0.01 +/- 0.01; P = 0.009). Additionally, a significant decrease in serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels (-791.8 +/- 2271.8 versus +500.5 +/- 2563.3 ng/mL; P = 0.02) was seen after the administration of selenium supplements compared with placebo. Additionally, we observed a significant elevation in plasma glutathione (+52.14 +/- 58.31 versus -39.93 +/- 153.52 mu mol/L; P = 0.002) and a significant reduction in plasma malondialdehyde levels (-0.01 +/- 0.36 versus +0.67 +/- 1.90 mu mol/L; P = 0.04) after consumption of selenium supplements compared with placebo. We did not find any significant effect of taking selenium supplements on HOMA beta-cell function, lipid profiles, plasma nitric oxide, or total antioxidant capacity concentrations. Conclusion: Selenium supplementation in pregnant women with GDM demonstrated beneficial effects on glucose metabolism, hs-CRP levels, and biomarkers of oxidative stress. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Gestational diabetes: A condition of early diastolic abnormalities in young women; Background. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is not merely a temporary condition, but a harbinger of type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and atherosclerotic disease. We examined the effect of GDM on cardiac diastolic function. Methods: Diastolic function was evaluated by serial Doppler echocardiography with pulsed tissue Doppler imaging in 13 patients with GDM and 13 healthy pregnant women (control group) during the third trimester of pregnancy and after 8 weeks postpartum. Diagnostic criteria for GDM were those as recommended by the American Diabetes Association. Exclusion criteria were any disease or condition that could interfere with diastolic function. Measurements at both times in each group were compared by paired t tests and changes of patients with diabetes were compared with those in control patients by unpaired t tests. Results: There were no differences in age, left ventricular mass, or systolic function between groups. The Doppler parameters that showed significant difference between groups were higher atrial contraction wave (A wave) (P =.008) and lower rapid filling wave (E)/A ratio (P =.006) in diabetic group, on both occasions. Tissue Doppler parameters showed a significant decrease in Em (P =.002) and early mitral annulus velocity (Em)/late mitral annulus velocity (Am) (P =.008) in diabetic group on both occasions, and the Am wave remained increased only in the diabetic group at postpartum. Conclusions. Patients with GDM showed a different diastolic function profile, suggesting a mild degree of diastolic abnormality. The persistence of some abnormalities postpartum corroborates our hypothesis of an early cardiovascular involvement in this group, enhancing the need of a close cardiovascular follow-up of these patients.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and future maternal cardiovascular disease; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death in women. Although traditional risk factors increase later-life CVD, pregnancy-associated complications additionally influence future CVD risk in women. Recent guidelines for the prevention of CVD in women have added adverse pregnancy outcomes as major CVD risk factors. Studies have shown that women with a history of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, and delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant have an increased risk of developing cardiometabolic risk factors and subsequent CVD. A history of multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes further increases this risk. It has been suggested that these pregnancy complications may unmask preexisting elevated CVD risk; however, whether the pathophysiologic changes underlying these conditions directly result in long-term cardiovascular damage is unclear. The purpose of this review was to highlight the associations between adverse pregnancy outcomes and future CVD, and to emphasize the importance of considering pregnancy history in assessing a woman's CVD risk. Targeted efforts to initiate screening and risk-reduction strategies in women with prior history of pregnancy complications, particularly lifestyle modification, may help decrease the burden of CVD in women.
Prevention of Gestational Diabetes: Design of a Cluster-Randomized Controlled Trial and One-Year Follow-Up; Background: Annual prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is 12.5% among Finnish pregnant women. The prevalence is expected to rise with the increasing overweight among women before pregnancy. Physical activity and diet are both known to have favourable effects on insulin resistance and possibly on the risk of GDM. We aimed to investigate, whether GDM can be prevented by counseling on diet, physical activity and gestational weight gain during pregnancy. Methods/Design: A cluster-randomized controlled trial was conducted in 14 municipalities in the southern part of Finland. Pairwise randomization was performed in order to take into account socioeconomic differences. Recruited women were at 8-12 weeks' gestation and fulfilled at least one of the following criteria: body mass index >= 25 kg/m(2), history of earlier gestational glucose intolerance or macrosomic newborn (> 4500 g), age >= 40 years, first or second degree relative with history of type 1 or 2 diabetes. Main exclusion criterion was pathological oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at 8-12 weeks' gestation. The trial included one counseling session on physical activity at 812 weeks' gestation and one for diet at 16-18 weeks' gestation, and three to four booster sessions during other routine visits. In the control clinics women received usual care. Information on height, weight gain and other gestational factors was obtained from maternity cards. Physical activity, dietary intake and quality of life were followed by questionnaires during pregnancy and at 1-year postpartum. Blood samples for lipid status, hormones, insulin and OGTT were taken at 8-12 and 26-28 weeks' gestation and 1 year postpartum. Workability and return to work were elicited by a questionnaire at 1-year postpartum. Linkage to the national birth register of years 20072009 will provide information on perinatal complications and GDM incidence among the non-participants of the study. Cost-effectiveness evaluation will be based on quality-adjusted life years. This study has received ethical approval from the Ethical board of Pirkanmaa Hospital District. Discussion: The study will provide information on the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of gestational physical activity and dietary counseling on prevention of GDM in a risk group of women. Also information on the prevalence of GDM and postpartum metabolic syndrome will be gained. Results on maintaining the possible health behaviour changes are important in order to prevent chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes.
A Case of Infantile De Novo Primary Antiphospholipid Syndrome Revealed by a Neonatal Arterial Ischemic Stroke; The few cases of antiphospholipid syndrome that have been reported in neonates are believed to have resulted from a transplacental transfer of antiphospholipid antibodies. Here we report on a boy with a neonatal stroke revealing a de novo primary antiphospholipid, the mother being free of antiphospholipid antibodies. Other thrombosis risk factors included primiparity, gestational diabetes, macrosomia, polyglobulia, and lipoprotein(a) >30 mg/dL. Anti-cardiolipin and anti-beta(2)-glycoprotein I persisted more than 2 years. Under aspirin therapy, the child did not exhibit recurrence of thrombotic events or symptoms of autoimmunity after a follow-up of 3 years. Our case indicates that clinicians should consider a second retesting for anticardiolipin antibodies and anti-beta(2)-glycoprotein I antibodies, even when children and mother neonatal tests are negative.
Variation in the α<sub>2A</sub>-adrenergic receptor gene and risk of gestational diabetes; Aim: Sympathetic activation suppresses insulin secretion via pancreatic ADRA2A. Because sympathetic activity and insulin demand increase during pregnancy, we tested the hypothesis that ADRA2A variants are associated with gestational diabetes (GDM). Patients & methods: Among Caucasian pregnant women without pre-existing diabetes, we genotyped 458 who had GDM and 1537 without GDM for seven ADRA2A variants. Results: rs1800038 (OR: 2.34; p = 0.020) and rs3750625 (OR: 1.56; p = 0.010) increased the risk of GDM, and rs11195418 decreased it (OR: 0.62; p = 0.025). The associations remained significant after adjustment for maternal age, maternal BMI, parity and a genetic risk score that included variants previously associated with Type 2 diabetes mellitus and GDM. Conclusion: ADRA2A genetic variation contributes independently to the risk of GDM in Caucasian women.
Temporal Trends in Type 1, Type 2, and Gestational Diabetes in Pregnancy: Impact of Rural Residence, Ethnicity, and Material Deprivation; Objective: Our aim in this study was to implement a newly validated algorithm to identify pregnant women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and to identify temporal trends in rates over the last decade. We also compared obstetric and neonatal outcomes of pregnancies with and without diabetes mellitus (DM).Methods: Among women with live births between 2005 and 2018 in Alberta, we calculated yearly rates of T1DM, T2DM, and GDM, overall, and stratified by ethnicity, urban or rural residence, material deprivation score, and maternal age.Results: Between 2005 and 2018, GDM rates increased from 42.3 to 101.8 per 1,000 deliveries (p<0.0001), T2DM rates increased from 2.6 to 6.4 per 1,000 deliveries (p<0.0001), whereas T1DM remained constant at 3.0 per 1,000 deliveries each year (p1/40.4301). Higher GDM and T2DM rates were observed among Chinese and South Asian women, respectively, and among women who were materially deprived and living in urban areas. Women with T2DM were older and had the highest rates of pre-existing hyper-tension (16%). In contrast, women with T1DM were younger and had the highest rates of gestational hypertension (12%), pre-eclampsia (12%), and cesarean section deliveries (62%). Children of women with T1DM had the highest rates of large for gestational age (46%), neonatal hypoglycemia (41.1%), respiratory distress syndrome (7.7%), and jaundice (29.3%).Conclusions: Diabetes-in-pregnancy rates have more than doubled over the last decade, driven primarily by increases in GDM and T2DM. These trends may have significant implications for the future health of mothers and children in Alberta.
Fibronectin type III domain-containing 5 in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases: a promising biomarker and therapeutic target; Cardiovascular and metabolic diseases are the leading causes of death and disability worldwide and impose a tremendous socioeconomic burden on individuals as well as the healthcare system. Fibronectin type III domain-containing 5 (FNDC5) is a widely distributed transmembrane glycoprotein that can be proteolytically cleaved and secreted as irisin to regulate glycolipid metabolism and cardiovascular homeostasis. In this review, we present the current knowledge on the predictive and therapeutic role of FNDC5 in a variety of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, such as hypertension, atherosclerosis, ischemic heart disease, arrhythmia, metabolic cardiomyopathy, cardiac remodeling, heart failure, diabetes mellitus, and obesity.
Metabolic dysfunction in pregnancy: Fingerprinting the maternal metabolome using proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy; Aims: Maternal metabolic disorders place the mother at risk for negative pregnancy outcomes with potentially long-term health impacts for the child. Metabolic syndrome, a cluster of features associated with increased risk of metabolic disorders, such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes and stroke, affects roughly one in five Canadians. Metabolomics is a relatively new technique that may be a useful tool to identify women at risk of metabolic disorders. This study set out to characterize urinary metabolic biomarkers of pregnant women with obesity and of pregnant women who later developed gestational diabetes mellitus (pre-GDM), compared to controls. Methods and Materials: Second trimester urine samples were collected through the Alberta Pregnancy Outcomes and Nutrition (APrON) cohort and examined with H-1 nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy. Multivariate analysis was used to examine group differences, and machine learning feature selection tools identified the metabolites contributing to separation. Results: Obesity and pre-GDM metabolomes were distinct from controls and from each other. In each comparison, the glycine, serine and threonine pathways were the most impacted. Pantothenate, formic acid and glycine were downregulated by obesity, while formic acid, dimethylamine and galactose were downregulated in pre-GDM. The three most impacted metabolites for the comparison of obesity versus pre-GDM groups were upregulated creatine/caffeine, downregulated sarcosine/dimethylamine and upregulated maltose/sucrose in individuals who later developed GDM. Conclusion: These findings suggest a role for urinary metabolomics in the prediction of GDM and metabolic marker identification for potential diagnostics and prognostics in women at risk.
Effect of Gestational Diabetes on Maternal Artery Function; Endothelial dysfunction has been observed systemically in women with gestational diabetes (GDM). Important cardiovascular adaptations occur during pregnancy, including enhanced endothelium-dependent vasodilation in systemic and uterine arteries, which are necessary to ensure the health of both mother and fetus. The effects of GDM, however, on uterine artery function and the possible mechanisms that mediate endothelial dysfunction remain unknown. The aim of this study was to utilize a mouse model of GDM to investigate (a) effects on uteroplacental flow, (b) endothelial function of uterine and mesenteric arteries, and (c) possible mechanisms of any dysfunction observed. Pregnant mice heterozygous for a leptin receptor mutation (Lepr(db/+); He) spontaneously develop GDM and were compared to wild-type (WT) mice at day 18.5 of gestation. Uterine artery flow was assessed using ultrasound biomicroscopy. Uterine and mesenteric artery function was assessed using wire myography. Arterial superoxide production was measured using oxidative fluorescence microphotography. In vivo uteroplacental perfusion was impaired in mice with GDM, indicated by a significant increase in uterine artery resistance index. Maximal endothelium-dependent relaxation to methacholine was significantly impaired in mesenteric arteries from mice with GDM, while sensitivity was significantly reduced in uterine arteries. Both uterine and mesenteric arteries from mice with GDM exhibited a greater dependence on nitric oxide and increased superoxide production compared with those from mice with a healthy pregnancy. A significant source of superoxide in GDM mice was uncoupled nitric oxide synthase. These changes may contribute to the development of some of the fetal and maternal complication associated with GDM.
Increased fetal epicardial fat thickness: A reflecting finding for GDM and perinatal outcomes; Objective To study the value of fetal epicardial fat thickness (EFT) in gestational diabetes mellitus in the third trimester of pregnancy and its relationship with clinical parameters and perinatal outcomes. Methods A total of 80 participants, including 40 with diagnosed GDM and 40 healthy pregnant women, were included in the study. Demographic data were obtained from medical records. Sonographic examinations were performed, such as amniotic fluid value, fetal biometric measurements, and Doppler parameters of the umbilical artery. Fetal EFT values were measured at the free wall of the right ventricle using a reference line with echocardiographic methods. Correlation tests were performed to evaluate the relationship between fetal EFT and clinical and perinatal parameters. p The fetal EFT value was statistically higher in the GDM group than in the control group (p: .000). Spearman and Pearson correlation tests revealed statistically significant but weak positive correlations between fetal EFT value, 1-h 100-g OGTT, birth weight, and BMI (r: .198, p: .047; r: .395, p: .012; r: .360, p: .042, respectively). The optimal fetal EFT threshold for predicting GDM disease was found as 1.55 mm, with a specificity of 74.4% and sensitivity of 75.0%. Statistically significant differences between the two groups in umbilical artery Doppler resistance index (RI), pulsatility index (PI), and systolic/diastolic ratio (S/D) were not found (p: .337; p: .503; p: .155;). BMI and amniotic fluid volume were higher in the GDM group compared to the control group (p: .009; p < .01). Conclusion This study demonstrated that increased fetal EFT may occur as a reflection of changes in glucose metabolism in intrauterine life. Future studies with larger series, including the study of neonatal metabolic parameters, will contribute to the understanding of the importance of fetal EFT in determining the metabolic status of the fetus.
Contralateral Massive Neonatal Arterial Ischemic Stroke Secondary to Carotid Artery Dissection: A Case Report; Carotid artery dissection is an infrequent cause of neonatal-perinatal stroke. Its rarity may be due to underdiagnosis or lack of awareness. We report a case of a full-term, large-for-gestational-age (LGA) male infant delivered at 39 weeks gestation. Pertinent prenatal and perinatal history include gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and the use of forceps to assist in delivery due to shoulder dystocia. The infant presented with apnea and cyanosis while rooming which prompted admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Initial sonographic investigation revealed an infarct, subsequently confirmed as a massive left-sided infarct by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the brain. Further, computerized tomography (CT) angiography confirmed a dissection in the right common and internal carotid arteries. The child was treated with antiepileptic and antithrombotic medications. He is now undergoing regular neurodevelopmental monitoring and rehabilitation. As per our sources, this case is the first to report a contralateral significant perinatal stroke due to carotid artery dissection. It underscores the importance of recognizing subtle signs of neonatal encephalopathy that may be due to perinatal stroke, of which carotid artery dissection is an uncommon etiology. Assisted delivery techniques such as the use of forceps may be risk factors.
A young woman with dyspnea; A 35-year-old Sri Lankan woman (gravida 3, para 3, abortus 0) presented to the Jewish General Hospital (Montreal, Quebec) with shortness of breath and diffuse swelling. She was five months postpartum of her most recent delivery, which was complicated by pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. She described a three-week history of progressive exertional dyspnea, orthopnea and paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea. There was no history of recent viral illness, and the patient had no traditional risk factors for coronary artery disease. A physical examination, laboratory results and echocardiography were typical for heart failure. A presumptive diagnosis of peripartum cardiomyopathy was made. To initiate a transplant referral, coronary angiography was performed. Six discrete atherosclerotic lesions were found, notably left main equivalent disease. A diagnosis of ischemic cardiomyopathy was made, and the patient was referred for high-risk coronary artery bypass surgery and transplant. The present case illustrates the excess burden of coronary artery disease borne in south Asian patient populations.
Protocol for a randomized controlled trial of pre-pregnancy lifestyle intervention to reduce recurrence of gestational diabetes: Gestational Diabetes Prevention/Prevencion de la Diabetes Gestacional; BackgroundGestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with several maternal complications in pregnancy, including preeclampsia, preterm labor, need for induction of labor, and cesarean delivery as well as increased long-term risks of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Intrauterine exposure to GDM raises the risk for complications in offspring as well, including stillbirth, macrosomia, and birth trauma, and long-term risk of metabolic disease. One of the strongest risk factors for GDM is the occurrence of GDM in a prior pregnancy. Preliminary data from epidemiologic and bariatric surgery studies suggest that reducing body weight before pregnancy can prevent the development of GDM, but no adequately powered trial has tested the effects of a maternal lifestyle intervention before pregnancy to reduce body weight and prevent GDM recurrence.MethodsThe principal aim of the Gestational Diabetes Prevention/Prevencion de la Diabetes Gestacional is to determine whether a lifestyle intervention to reduce body weight before pregnancy can reduce GDM recurrence. This two-site trial targets recruitment of 252 women with overweight and obesity who have previous histories of GDM and who plan to have another pregnancy in the next 1-3years. Women are randomized within site to a comprehensive pre-pregnancy lifestyle intervention to promote weight loss with ongoing treatment until conception or an educational control group. Participants are assessed preconceptionally (at study entry, after 4months, and at brief quarterly visits until conception), during pregnancy (at 26weeks' gestation), and at 6weeks postpartum. The primary outcome is GDM recurrence, and secondary outcomes include fasting glucose, biomarkers of cardiometabolic disease, prenatal and perinatal complications, and changes over time in weight, diet, physical activity, and psychosocial measures.DiscussionThe Gestational Diabetes Prevention /Prevencion de la Diabetes Gestacional is the first randomized controlled trial to evaluate the effects of a lifestyle intervention delivered before pregnancy to prevent GDM recurrence. If found effective, the proposed lifestyle intervention could lay the groundwork for shifting current treatment practices towards the interconception period and provide evidence-based preconception counseling to optimize reproductive outcomes and prevent GDM and associated health risks.Trial registrationClinicalTrials.gov NCT02763150. Registered on May 5, 2016
Gestational Diabetes Type 2: Variation in High-Density Lipoproteins Composition and Function; Aims:Class A2 gestational diabetes mellitus (GDMA2) has short- and long-term effects on the mother and child. These may include abnormalities of placentation, damage to endothelial cells and cardiovascular disease. This research investigated the function and composition of high-density lipoproteins (HDL) among women with GDMA2 and their fetuses.Methods:Thirty pregnant women were recruited during admission for delivery. The function and expression of HDL, paraoxonase1 (PON1) and apolipoprotein A1 (APOA1) in the blood samples and the placental tissue were evaluated. The effect of HDL on migration of endothelial cells was measured in vitro.Results:Compared to normal pregnancy (NP), APOA1 in the maternal plasma of women with GDMA2 was decreased. More APOA1 and PON1 were released from HDL of women with GDMA2, compared to NP. Placental APOA1 and PON1 were decreased in GDMA2. For endothelial cells stimulated with TNF alpha, HDL cell migration was decreased when cells were evaluated with NP-HDL, as compared to GDMA2-HDL.Conclusions:GDMA2 affects the composition and function of HDL in plasma. Changes in HDL commonly seen in GDMA2 were observed in maternal and placental samples, but not in cord samples. These results might indicate a placental role in protecting the fetus by preserving the components and functions of HDL and require further investigation.
Cardiovascular Complications During Delivery Admissions Associated With Assisted Reproductive Technology (from a National Inpatient Sample Analysis 2008 to 2019); Women who conceive through assisted reproductive technology (ART) have a known increased risk of obstetric complications. However, whether ART is also associated with higher risk of developing cardiovascular complications during delivery admissions has not been well established. We used data from the National Inpatient Sample (2008 to 2019) and used the International Classification of Diseases codes to identify delivery hospitalizations and ART procedures. A total of 45,867,086 weighted delivery cases were identified, of which 0.24% were among women who conceived through ART (n = 108,542). Women with an ART history were older at the time of delivery (median 35 vs 28 years, p < 0.01) and had a higher prevalence of hypertension, gestational diabetes, and dyslipidemia (all, p < 0.01). After adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, co-morbidities, multiple gestation, insurance, and income, ART remained an independent predictor of peripartum cardiovascular complications, including pre-eclampsia/eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.48, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.45 to 1.51), heart failure (aOR 1.94, 95% CI 1.10 to 3.40), and cardiac arrhythmias (aOR 1.39, 95% CI 1.30 to 1.48), compared with natural conception. Likewise, the risk of acute kidney injury (aOR 2.57, 95% CI 2.25 to 2.92), ischemic stroke (aOR 1.73, 95% CI 1.24 to 2.43), hemorrhagic stroke (aOR 1.63, 95% CI 1.27 to 2.11), pulmonary edema (aOR 2.29, 95% CI 2.02 to 2.61), and venous thromboembolism (aOR 1.92, 95% CI 1.63 to 2.25) were higher with ART. However, odds of developing peripartum cardiomyopathy or acute coronary syndrome were not associated with ART. Length of stay (3 vs 2 days, p <0.01) and cost of hospitalization ($5,903 vs $3,922, p <0.01) were higher for deliveries among women with a history of ART. In conclusion, women who conceived with ART had higher risk of pre-eclampsia, heart failure, arrhythmias, stroke, and other complications during their delivery hospitalizations. This may, in part, contribute to their increased resource utilization seen. (c) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Long-term effects of gestational diabetes on bone mineral density and fracture risk: Analysis of the Norfolk cohort of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC-Norfolk) population-based study; Objectives: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnancy complication. This study aims to investigate the association between a history of GDM and bone mineral density (BMD), fractures, and falls in later life. Study design: We used data from the Norfolk cohort of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC-Norfolk) where BMD at calcaneum was measured at second health check (1997-2000) using broadband ultrasound attenuation (BUA) and velocity of sound (VOS) in 7,515 women. Fractures and falls were documented from hospital admissions data via linkage with ENCORE (East Norfolk Commission Record) and history of GDM from health questionnaires at baseline. We examined the relationship between GDM and BUA/VOS using linear regression. Cox regression was used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) for incident fractures and falls, controlling for age, BMI, smoking status, physical activity, area deprivation, self-reported stroke, use of diuretics, calcium and vitamin D supplements, social class and education, statin and total blood cholesterol, prevalent diabetes, hormone therapy and menopausal status. Results: History of GDM (n = 183) was not statistically significantly associated with BUA/VOS in fully adjusted linear regression models with unstandardised beta coefficients (standard error):-0.37 (1.40) and-5.41 (3.48). GDM was significantly (p < 0.05) associated with risk of hip and all fractures, fully adjusted HRs(95 %CI) 2.46 (1.54-3.92) and 1.60(1.09-2.35), respectively. Median follow-up from first live birth to date of admission was 53 and 52 years, respectively Conclusion: There was an association between history of GDM and risk of any fracture as well as hip fracture specifically. Further research is required to confirm this.
Effects of a low glycemic index or low glycemic load diet on pregnant women at high risk of gestational diabetes: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Aims: To evaluate the effect of low glycemic index or low glycemic load diets on maternal and neonatal outcomes at high risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).Data synthesis: Several databases (PubMed, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, Embase, OVID, Clinical Trials. gov, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, China Biomedical Database, and Wanfang Database) were searched from January 1990 to January 2022 (updated to November 2022). Randomized controlled trials of low glycemic index diets interventions for women at high risk of GDM were included. From 2131 articles initially were screened, after eliminating duplicates, 1749 titles and abstracts were analyzed. 71 documents that met the inclusion criteria were selected and 3 documents were obtained through searching the reference lists. After reading the full text, 10 studies were retained. Two authors evaluated the studies, extracted data and con-ducted quality assessment independently. A total of 10 studies with 2304 patients met the inclusion criteria. Compared with the control group, a low glycemic index diet could control the range of weight gain (WMD-1.01, 95% CI-1.41 to-0.61), decrease the incidence of excessive weight gain (OR 0.69, 95% CI 0.54-0.87), lessen the incidence of large-for-gestational-age infants (OR 0.32, 95% CI 0.16-0.62) and reduce the incidence of preterm infants (OR 0.45, 95% CI 0.29-0.71).Conclusion: A low glycemic index or low glycemic load diet could control maternal weight gain, reduce the incidence of excessive weight gain, and decrease the incidence of large-for-gestational-age infants and preterm infants in group with high risk of GDM. Prospero: CRD42022322697.(c) 2023 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Epidemiology of Cardiac Arrest During Hospitalization for Delivery in Canada: A Nationwide Study; BACKGROUND: Cardiac arrest in pregnancy is a rare and devastating condition with high mortality and morbidity. The objective of this study was to generate information about maternal cardiac arrest in Canada by examining the frequency, temporal incidence, associated conditions, potential etiologies, and survival rates. METHODS: This retrospective population-based study used hospitalization data from the discharge abstract database of the Canadian Institute for Health Information relating to obstetric deliveries in Canada from April 1, 2002, to March 31, 2015. The data were accessed through the Public Health Agency of Canada's (PHAC) Canadian Perinatal Surveillance System. Cases of cardiac arrest were identified using the diagnostic and intervention codes from the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and the Canadian Classification of Health Interventions, respectively. Data on patient demographics, medical and obstetrical conditions, and potential etiologies of cardiac arrest were collected. Multivariable logistic regression analysis was used to identify conditions associated with cardiac arrest. RESULTS: There were 286 cases of maternal cardiac arrest among 3,568,597 hospitalizations for delivery during the 13-year period. A total of 204 (71.3%) women survived to hospital discharge (95% confidence interval, 65.7%-76.5%). There was no significant variation in the incidence of cardiac arrest or survival from arrest over time or across provinces. Among the preexisting conditions, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, malignancy, and diseases of the respiratory and nervous system were found to be significantly associated with cardiac arrest. Among the obstetrical conditions, placental abnormalities and polyhydramnios were associated with cardiac arrest. The common potential etiologies included postpartum hemorrhage, heart failure, amniotic fluid embolism, and complications of anesthesia. CONCLUSIONS: In this first Canadian study, the incidence of cardiac arrest during pregnancy was found to be 1: 12,500 deliveries. The survival rate reported in our study is higher than reported previously in other countries. Our study findings contribute to better inform the development and implementation of policies and programs in an effort to prevent and manage this condition.
Maternal Diabetes and Intrapartum Fetal Electrocardiogram; Objective Fetal electrocardiogram (ECG) ST changes are associated with fetal cardiac hypoxia. Our objective was to evaluate ST changes by maternal diabetic status and stage of labor. Methods This was a secondary analysis of a multicentered randomized-controlled trial in which laboring patients with singleton gestations underwent fetal ECG scalp electrode placement and were randomly assigned to masked or unmasked ST-segment readings. Our primary outcome was the frequency of fetal ECG tracings with ST changes by the stage of labor. ECG tracings were categorized into mutually exclusive groups (ST depression, ST elevation without ST depression, or no ST changes). We compared participants with DM, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and no DM. Results Of the 5,436 eligible individuals in the first stage of labor (95 with pregestational DM and 370 with GDM), 4,427 progressed to the second stage. ST depression occurred more frequently in the first stage of labor in participants with pregestational DM (15%, adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.20, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.14-4.24) and with GDM (9.5%, aOR 1.51, 95% CI 1.02-2.25) as compared with participants without DM (5.7%). The frequency of ST elevation was similar in participants with pregestational DM (33%, aOR 0.79, 95% CI 0.48-1.30) and GDM (33.2%, aOR 0.91, 95% CI 0.71-1.17) as compared with those without DM (34.2%). In the second stage, ST depression did not occur in participants with pregestational DM (0%) and occurred more frequently in participants with GDM (3.5%, aOR 2.01, 95% CI 1.02-3.98) as compared with those without DM (2.0%). ST elevation occurred more frequently in participants with pregestational DM (30%, aOR 1.81, 95% CI 1.02-3.22) but not with GDM (19.0%, aOR 1.06, 95% CI 0.77-1.47) as compared with those without DM (17.8%). Conclusion ST changes in fetal ECG occur more frequently in fetuses of diabetic mothers during labor. ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT01131260. Precis: ST changes in fetal ECG, a marker of fetal cardiac hypoxia, occur more frequently in fetuses of diabetic parturients.
Melatonin Administration Prevents Placental and Fetal Changes Induced by Gestational Diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) promotes changes in the placenta and fetuses, due to oxidative stress. Antioxidants can reduce oxidative stress in the placenta. We tested the hypothesis that melatonin (Mel) can prevent these effects in the placenta and fetuses, analyzing their histology, histochemistry, morphometry, and immunohistochemistry. Thirty albino rats were used, divided into groups: CG-pregnant non-diabetic rats; GD-pregnant diabetic rats; GD + Mel-pregnant diabetic rats treated with melatonin. Diabetes was induced by streptozotocin at a dosage of 50 mg/kg i.p. Melatonin was administered in daily injections of 0.8 mg/kg i.p. Melatonin prevented the placental weight and fetal weight and length from increasing, in addition to histomoformetric, histochemical, and immunohistochemical changes in the placentas, compared to the placentas of diabetic females (GD). Thus, we conclude that melatonin has a great potential to prevent placental changes due to GDM.
Heart failure as a result of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in diabetic fetopathy; Diabetic fetopathy is still a common clinical problem correlated with a high morbidity of the neonate. These children are often macrosome, suffer from respiratory distress syndrome due to delayed lung maturity, acidosis, hypoglycaemia, electrolyte-imbalances and polycythaemia. We describe a male neonate with diabetic fetopathy as a result of gestational diabetes of the mother. In addition to the symptoms described above, our patient clinically presented with severe hypertrophy of the right ventricle associated with intrauterine heart failure. The boy was born with serious prenatal asphyxia which made initial neonatal intensive care treatment necessary. The hypertrophic cardiomyopathy normalized within 6 weeks after birth without further treatment. Different causes of a hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (infections, metabolic disorders, neurologic affections, syndromes) could be ruled out, so that the diabetic fetopathy was the most probable cause for the condition. If we are looking at the heart only, this case-report suggests a good prognosis of septumhypertrophy as well as right ventricular hypertrophy in patients with diabetic fetopathy. The case also elucidates that not only the diabetes type I can entail serious fetal damage but also gestational diabetes can. Therefore, in suspect mothers screening for gestational diabetes should be expanded to oral glucose tolerance testing.
The Diagnosis of Early Fetal Cardiac Changes of the Gestational Diabetic Mothers: Presenting the Preload Index; Objectives: To evaluate fetal cardiac changes in gestational diabetic mothers, compared to healthy ones by means of different indices and to determine which index can first represent the alterations. Methods: The study was conducted as an observational cross-sectional study, including 25 pregnant women with gestational diabetes as the cases and 50 healthy pregnant women as the controls. The preload index, left and right side myocardial performance index (MPI), Interventricular septal hypertrophy, the left and right side cardiac output were assessed in all the patients. Results: The gestational ages were 31.65 +/- 8.02 and 31.64 +/- 5.37 weeks in case and control group respectively, without any significant difference. Both of the left and right ventricular MPI did not differ statistically between the case and controls. The cases had a greater Interventricular septal hypertrophy but the cardiac output was similar. The preload index was higher in the fetuses of the gestational diabetic mothers. Conclusions: In our study, the MPI did not show any difference between the fetuses of the gestational diabetic mothers and nondiabetic ones; but, fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers had a greater value of PLI, representing early diastolic function changes in right heart even before the overt heart failure occurred. This could be a sign of vasculopathy in gestational diabetic mothers.
Adipokines in Pregnancy: A Systematic Review of Clinical Data; Adipokines are signaling proteins involved in metabolic, endocrinological, vascular and immunogenic processes. Associations of various adipokines with not only insulin resistance but also with increased insulin sensitivity, increased systolic blood pressure, and atherosclerosis highlight the significance of adipokines in several components of metabolic syndrome and metabolic diseases in general. As pregnancy presents a unique metabolic state, the role of adipokines in pregnancy, and even in various pregnancy complications, appears to be key to elucidating these metabolic processes. Many studies in recent years have attempted to clarify the role of adipokines in pregnancy and gestational pathologies. In this review, we aim to investigate the changes in maternal adipokine levels in physiological gestation, as well as the association of adipokines with pregnancy pathologies, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and preeclampsia (PE). Furthermore, we will analyze the association of adipokines in both maternal serum and cord blood with parameters of intrauterine growth and various pregnancy outcomes.
Programming of Adult Cardiovascular Disease following Exposure to Late-Gestation Hyperglycemia; Background: In utero exposure to hyperglycemia is becoming increasingly prevalent as the number of women entering pregnancy with type II diabetes, or developing gestational diabetes, increases. Both animal studies and epidemiologic investigations have found cardiovascular abnormalities in adult offspring of hyperglycemic mothers (OHM). Objective: We hypothesized that adult OHM would have abnormal cardiac function in vivo and increased susceptibility to ischemia. Methods: Pregnant rats were made diabetic on day 12 of gestation. Serum glucose was monitored twice daily and insulin provided to maintain serum glucose at 200-400 mg/dl. Offspring were fostered to normal mothers after birth. Adult OHM were studied at 8-10 months of age with echocardiography to assess in vivo cardiac function and isolated hearts to determine the response to ischemia. Results: Echocardiography found significant diastolic dysfunction in male OHM compared to male controls. In isolated hearts, baseline cardiac function and left ventricular compliance was significantly diminished in male OHM compared to controls. Ischemia caused a significant decline in heart function in controls and female OHM, while function in male OHM remained unchanged. Conclusions: Adult male OHM demonstrate programmed cardiac dysfunction. Given the growing number of pregnancies complicated by hyperglycemia, additional assessment of cardiac function of adults born to diabetic mothers may be warranted. Copyright (C) 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular risk factor management; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading health threat to American women. In addition to establish risk factors for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes, smoking, and obesity, adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) including pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and gestational diabetes are now recognized as factors that increase a woman's risk for future CVD. CVD risk factor burden is disproportionately higher in those of low socioeconomic status and in ethnic/racial minority women. Since younger women often use their obstetrician/gynecologist as their primary health provider, this is an opportune time to diagnose and treat CVD risk factors early. Embedding preventive care providers such as nurse practitioners or physician assistants within OB/GYN practices can be considered, with referral to family medicine or internist for ongoing risk assessment and management. The American Heart Association (AHA)/American Stroke Association (ASA) stroke prevention guidelines tailored to women recommend that women with a history of pre-eclampsia can be evaluated for hypertension and other CVD risk factors within 6 months to 1-year post-partum. Given the burden and impact of CVD on women in our society, the entire medical community must work to establish feasible practice and referral patterns for assessment and treatment of CVD risk factors. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Association of Polymorphism rs17576 of the Metalloproteinase 9 Gene with Gestational Diabetes in Euro-Brazilian Pregnant Women; Background: Metalloproteinase 9 (MMP9) is involved in the degradation of extracellular matrix molecules, and its polymorphism rsl7576 (Gln279Arg) has been associated with diabetes. We investigated the association of rsl7576 in a case-control study with Euro-Brazilian women with gestational diabetes. Methods: The study group consisted of a total of 262 Euro-Brazilian pregnant women classified as either healthy (n = 131, control) or with GDM (n = 131). Fluorescent probes with real time PCR (TaqMan system) were applied for genotyping. Results: All groups were in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium. The minor allele frequencies (G-allele) for rsl7567 in healthy and GDM women were 27.1% [95% CI, 22 - 32] and 37.4% [95% CI, 32 - 43], p = 0.011, respectively. Genotypic comparison showed a significant difference (p < 0.05) between the groups. Conclusions: Polymorphism rsl7567 was associated with GDM in the studied population and carriers of the G-allele showed an increased risk for gestational diabetes (Odds ratio 1.61; 95% CI, 1.1 - 2.3).
Gestational hypertension and chronic hypertension on the risk of diabetes among gestational diabetes women; Aims: We aimed to examine the association of gestational hypertension and chronic hypertension at the inter-conception examination with type 2 diabetes risk among women with a history of gestational diabetes. Methods: We conducted a population-based study among 1261 women who had a history of gestational diabetes at 1-5 years after delivery in Tianjin, China. Logistic regression or Cox regression was used to assess the associations of gestational hypertension and chronic hypertension at the inter-conception examination with pre-diabetes and type 2 diabetes risks. Results: Gestational diabetic women who had a history of gestational hypertension but did not use antihypertensive drugs during pregnancy had a 3.94-fold higher risk (95% CI: 1.94-8.02) of developing type 2 diabetes compared with those who were normotensive in index pregnancy. Compared with gestational diabetic women who had normal blood pressure at the inter-conception examination, hypertensive women at the inter-conception examination were 3.38 times (95% CI: 1.66-6.87) and 2.97 times (95% CI: 1.75-5.05) more likely to develop diabetes and prediabetes, respectively. The odds ratios of type 2 diabetes and prediabetes associated with each 5 mmHg increase in systolic blood pressure were 125 (95% CI: 1.03-1.51) and 120 (95% CI: 1.06-135). Each 5 mmHg increase in diastolic blood pressure contributed to a 1.49-fold higher risk (95% CI: 1.18-1.88) for type 2 diabetes and a 1.42-fold higher risk (95% CI: 1.22-1.65) for prediabetes. Conclusions: For women with prior gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension and chronic hypertension at the inter-conception examination were risk factors for type 2 diabetes. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy-related events associated with subclinical cardiovascular disease burden in late midlife: SWAN; Background and aims: Reproductive factors are associated with later life CVD in women (e.g., age at first birth, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes), but studies have focused largely on premenopausal women. We examined the relationship of reproductive factors with subclinical CVD burden in late midlife women. Methods: We included 964 parous women from the Study of Women's Health Across the Nation (SWAN), who completed a reproductive history questionnaire at the 13th SWAN visit (2011-2012), and a carotid ultrasound and brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV) assessment. The primary outcomes were carotid intima-media thickness, plaque, and baPWV; our secondary outcome was a composite subclinical CVD index created using these measures. Linear and logistic regression was performed to examine associations with individual subclinical CVD measures, and multinomial logistic regression was used in analyses of the composite index. Models adjusted for socio-demographics and cardiovascular risk factors. Results: Mean age at subclinical CVD assessment was 60.2 years (SD +/- 2.7). History of gestational hypertension/preeclampsia was associated with greater carotid IMT (beta: 0.038, p = 0.004). Earlier age at first birth was associated with subclinical CVD, but not when accounting for CVD risk factors. History of gestational diabetes was associated with greater baPWV, but not related to our composite index. Conclusions: Pregnancy history is an important marker of subclinical CVD in late midlife and may impact the vasculature through distinct pathways. Future studies are necessary to evaluate racial/ethnic differences in the observed associations and to assess the benefit of a composite subclinical CVD index for earlier CVD risk modification in midlife women.
YKL-40 concentrations are not elevated in gestational diabetes; P>Background Gestational diabetes (GDM) is an increasing and common complication of pregnancy. The involvement of inflammatory mechanisms in GDM remains unclear. YKL-40 is a novel inflammatory marker that has been recently found to be associated with type 2 diabetes. This is the first study to investigate YKL-40 in GDM. Material and methods A total of 58 subjects were included, 28 patients with GDM (BMI 33 center dot 2 +/- 6 center dot 1 kg m-superset of, 33 +/- 6 years) and 30 healthy pregnant controls (BMI 28 center dot 4 +/- 5 center dot 2 kg m-superset of, 33 +/- 4 years; mean +/- SD). Standard risk factors for GDM (weight and BMI prior to pregnancy, family history, former GDM, high birthweight offspring) were evaluated. A 2-h 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT) and measurement of YKL-40 were conducted in gestational week 28 +/- 4, as well as 8 weeks after delivery. Results YKL-40 was not different between GDM and controls, neither during (65 center dot 8 +/- 44 center dot 4 vs. 60 center dot 3 +/- 30 center dot 1 ng mL-1), nor after pregnancy (63 center dot 4 +/- 30 center dot 5 vs. 66 center dot 9 +/- 32 center dot 7 ng mL-1). YKL-40 was correlated with insulin, HOMA and BMI. GDM had higher fasting insulin (14 center dot 1 +/- 7 center dot 4 vs. 8 center dot 3 +/- 4 center dot 3 mu U mL-1) and glucose (88 +/- 13 - 200 +/- 31 - 160 +/- 33 vs. 76 +/- 10 - 146 +/- 37 - 112 +/- 28 mg dL-1 for fasting, 1- and 2-h-concentrations in the oGTT, respectively), higher HbA1c (5 center dot 3 +/- 0 center dot 4 vs. 5 center dot 0 +/- 0 center dot 5%;), HOMA (3 center dot 1 +/- 1 center dot 7 vs. 1 center dot 6 +/- 0 center dot 9), and BMI (33 center dot 2 +/- 6 center dot 1 vs. 28 center dot 5 +/- 5 center dot 2 kg m-2) (means +/- SD, all P < 0 center dot 01). Conclusions No difference in YKL-40 between GDM and controls suggests similar inflammatory status at the time of measurements. The short duration of metabolic changes during GDM might explain this finding, which is in contrast to results in type 2 diabetes.
Protective effects of syringin against oxidative stress and inflammation in diabetic pregnant rats via TLR4/MyD88/NF-κB signaling pathway; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is common in pregnancies due to the inflammation and oxidative stress-mediated insulin resistance. In the present study, GDM was induced in the Wistar rats by administering the streptozotocM to elucidate whether the administration of syringin (50 mg/kg/day) during pregnancy could improve maternal glycemia and protect against the complications of GDM. The animals were assessed for their morphological changes in the beta-islets of Langerhans and their insulin-producing ability, inflammatory cytokine markers, and the involvement of TLR4/MyD88/NF-kappa B signaling pathway using RT-PCR. The results demonstrated that the onset of GDM demonstrated pancreatic tissue degeneration in the islets of Langerhans with a significant increase in oxidative stress and reduced antioxidant enzymes. Besides, the mRNA expression levels of TLR4, MyD88, NF-kappa B p65; NLRP3 mRNA were profoundly increased in GDM rats compared to normal pregnant rats. On the other hand, syringin administered GDM rats abrogated the oxidative stress and attenuated the level of the inflammatory cytokines. Intriguingly, the decrease in TLR4 expression and the downstream molecules of MyD88, NF-kappa B, and NLRP3 were also observed in syringin administered GDM rats that indicate the insulin secretion stimulatory actions of syringin through the suppression of TLR4 signaling. These novel findings of the study provide evidence that syringin could be a probable candidate to be used in the treatment of gestational diabetes in the future.
Delivery of a Small-For-Gestational-Age Infant and Risk of Maternal Cardiovascular Disease - A Population-Based Record Linkage Study; Background Delivery of small for gestational age (SGA) infants has been associated with increased risk of future maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, whether the risk increases progressively with the greater severity of SGA and number of SGA infants has not been explored. Methods A population-based record linkage study was conducted among 812,732 women delivering live born, singleton infants at term between 1994 and 2011 in New South Wales, Australia. Birth records were linked to the mothers' subsequent hospitalisation or death records to identify CVD events (coronary heart disease, cerebrovascular events, and chronic heart failure) after a median of 7.4 years. Cox proportional hazard regression was used to estimate adjusted hazard ratios (AHR) [95% confidence interval (CI)] for the associations between the severity (moderate or extreme) of SGA and number of SGA infants and subsequent risk of maternal CVD, accounting for maternal age at last birth, socioeconomic status, parity, smoking, (pregestational and gestational) diabetes, and (chronic and pregnancy) hypertension. Results Compared to mothers of non-SGA infants, AHRs [95% CI] of CVD among mothers of moderately and extremely SGA infants were 1.36 [1.23-1.49], and 1.66 [1.47-1.87], respectively, while AHRs among mothers with 1, 2, and >= 3 SGA infants were 1.42 [1.30-1.54], 1.65 [1.34-2.03], and 2.42 [1.52-3.85], respectively, indicating a dose-response relationship. AHRs of specific CVD categories showed a similar pattern. Conclusions Delivery of an SGA infant was associated with a dose-dependent increase in the risk of maternal CVD according to both the severity of SGA and number of previous SGA infants.
Looking at the Future Through the Mother's Womb: Gestational Diabetes and Offspring Fertility; Altered nutrition or intrauterine exposure to various adverse conditions during fetal development or earlier in a mother's life can lead to epigenetic changes in fetal tissues, predisposing those tissues to diseases that manifest when offspring become adults. An example is a maternal obesity associated with gestational diabetes (GDM), where fetal exposure to a hyperglycemic, hyperinsulinemic, and/or hyperlipidemic gestational environment can provoke epigenetic changes that predispose offspring to various diseased conditions later in life. While it is now well established that offspring exposed to GDM have an increased risk of developing obesity, metabolic disorders, and/or cardiovascular disease in adult life, there are limited studies assessing the reproductive health of these offspring. This mini-review discusses the long-term effect of in utero exposure to GDM-associated adverse prenatal environment on the reproductive health of the offspring. Moreover, using evidence from various animal models and human epidemiological studies, this review offers molecular insight and understanding of how epigenetic reprogramming of genes culminates in reproductive dysfunction and the development of subfertility or infertility later in adult life.
Adiposity and hyperglycaemia in pregnancy and related health outcomes in European ethnic minorities of Asian and African origin: a review; Background: Ethnic minorities in Europe have high susceptibility to type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and, in some groups, also cardiovascular disease (CVD). Pregnancy can be considered a stress test that predicts future morbidity patterns in women and that affects future health of the child. Objective: To review ethnic differences in: 1) adiposity, hyperglycaemia, and pre-eclampsia during pregnancy; 2) future risk in the mother of obesity, T2DM and CVD; and 3) prenatal development and possible influences of maternal obesity, hyperglycaemia, and pre-eclampsia on offspring's future disease risk, as relevant for ethnic minorities in Europe of Asian and African origin. Design: Literature review. Results: Maternal health among ethnic minorities is still sparsely documented. Higher pre-pregnant body mass index (BMI) is found in women of African and Middle Eastern descent, and lower BMI in women from East and South Asia compared with women from the majority population. Within study populations, risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is considerably higher in many minority groups, particularly South Asians, than in the majority population. This increased risk is apparent at lower BMI and younger ages. Women of African origin have higher risk of pre-eclampsia. A GDM pregnancy implies approximately seven-fold higher risk of T2DM than normal pregnancies, and both GDM and pre-eclampsia increase later risk of CVD. Asian neonates have lower birth weights, and mostly also African neonates. This may translate into increased risks of later obesity, T2DM, and CVD. Foetal overgrowth can promote the same conditions. Breastfeeding represents a possible strategy to reduce risk of T2DM in both the mother and the child. Conclusions: Ethnic minority women in Europe with Asian and African origin and their offspring seem to be at increased risk of T2DM and CVD, both currently and in the future. Pregnancy is an important window of opportunity for short and long-term disease prevention.
Effect of gestational diabetes and insulin resistance on offspring's myocardial relaxation kinetics at three years of age; Purpose Scientific evidence on the long-term impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on offspring's myocardial relaxation is scarce. Studies have linked GDM with transient ventricular hypertrophy in newborns resulting in diastolic dysfunction, but long-term assessment is lacking. The main objective of this study was to evaluate myocardial relaxation in 3-year-old children in relation to the degree of insulin resistance of their mother during pregnancy. Methods We prospectively assessed myocardial relaxation by echocardiography imaging on 106 children at 3 years of age. Subjects were divided into 3 groups [GDM, insulin resistance (IR) and normoglycemic (CTRL)], based on their mother's 75g-OGTT and HOMA-IR results at second trimester screening. We collected information on children adiposity and body size, maternal characteristics and maternal and cord blood measurement of C-peptide and insulin. Results The study population comprised 29 children from GDM mothers, 36 children from IR mothers and 41 CTRL children. Compared to the CTRL group, we found that a higher proportion of children in the IR group and the GDM group met the criteria for impaired myocardial relaxation, but this did not reach statistical significance (odds ratio adjusted for heart rate and body surface area of 1.4 [0.2-9.5] and 3.5 [0.6-20.6], respectively). Conclusion We did not detect an increased risk of impaired myocardial relaxation at three years of age in children exposed in-utero to IR and GDM, compared to children from normoglycemic mothers.
Italian national guidelines for the screening of gestational diabetes: Time for a critical appraisal?; Background and aim: In 2011, the Italian National Health System guidelines introduced a selective screening for gestational diabetes (GDM) based on risk factors, recommending early evaluation in high risk women. The present study examined to which extent guidelines are applied, and analyzed the effectiveness of GDM diagnosis according to risk profile. Methods and results: We analyzed 1338 pregnant women, consecutively screened for GDM with a 75 g OGTT between January 2013 and December 2015, according to national guidelines. Diagnosis of GDM was based on IADPSG/WHO 2013 criteria. As many as 14.4% of screened women was at high risk, 64% at medium, 21.6% did not have any risk factor. Only 50% of high-risk women were appropriately screened at 16th-18th gestational weeks; 28% of them repeated the OGTT due to NGT. The overall prevalence of GDM was 39.9%, higher in high risk women (67% vs. 40% medium risk vs. 22% low risk; p < 0.0001). An early GDM diagnosis was performed in 40.7% of high-risk women. In low risk women, gestational weight gain at the screening time was independently associated with GDM. Conclusions: The recommendations for the screening of GDM are still insufficiently implemented, especially for early evaluation in high risk women. Considering the high proportion of early GDM diagnosis, the poor adherence to screening recommendation may result in late diagnosis of GDM. Finally, our finding of a 22% prevalence of GDM among low risk women suggests the need to consider additional risk factors, such as excessive weight gain during pregnancy. (C) 2017 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Fetal High-Density Lipoproteins: Current Knowledge on Particle Metabolism, Composition and Function in Health and Disease; Cholesterol and other lipids carried by lipoproteins play an indispensable role in fetal development. Recent evidence suggests that maternally derived high-density lipoprotein (HDL) differs from fetal HDL with respect to its proteome, size, and function. Compared to the HDL of adults, fetal HDL is the major carrier of cholesterol and has a unique composition that implies other physiological functions. Fetal HDL is enriched in apolipoprotein E, which binds with high affinity to the low-density lipoprotein receptor. Thus, it appears that a primary function of fetal HDL is the transport of cholesterol to tissues as is accomplished by low-density lipoproteins in adults. The fetal HDL-associated bioactive sphingolipid sphingosine-1-phosphate shows strong vasoprotective effects at the fetoplacental vasculature. Moreover, lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 carried by fetal-HDL exerts anti-oxidative and athero-protective functions on the fetoplacental endothelium. Notably, the mass and activity of HDL-associated paraoxonase 1 are about 5-fold lower in the fetus, accompanied by an attenuation of anti-oxidative activity of fetal HDL. Cholesteryl ester transfer protein activity is reduced in fetal circulation despite similar amounts of the enzyme in maternal and fetal serum. This review summarizes the current knowledge on fetal HDL as a potential vasoprotective lipoprotein during fetal development. We also provide an overview of whether and how the protective functionalities of HDL are impaired in pregnancy-related syndromes such as pre-eclampsia or gestational diabetes mellitus.
Genetics and Epigenetics: Implications for the Life Course of Gestational Diabetes; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is one of the most common complications of pregnancy, affecting as many as one in six pregnancies. It is associated with both short- and long-term adverse outcomes for the mother and fetus and has important implications for the life course of affected women. Advances in genetics and epigenetics have not only provided new insight into the pathophysiology of GDM but have also provided new approaches to identify women at high risk for progression to postpartum cardiometabolic disease. GDM and type 2 diabetes share similarities in their pathophysiology, suggesting that they also share similarities in their genetic architecture. Candidate gene and genome-wide association studies have identified susceptibility genes that are shared between GDM and type 2 diabetes. Despite these similarities, a much greater effect size for MTNR1B in GDM compared to type 2 diabetes and association of HKDC1, which encodes a hexokinase, with GDM but not type 2 diabetes suggest some differences in the genetic architecture of GDM. Genetic risk scores have shown some efficacy in identifying women with a history of GDM who will progress to type 2 diabetes. The association of epigenetic changes, including DNA methylation and circulating microRNAs, with GDM has also been examined. Targeted and epigenome-wide approaches have been used to identify DNA methylation in circulating blood cells collected during early, mid-, and late pregnancy that is associated with GDM. DNA methylation in early pregnancy had some ability to identify women who progressed to GDM, while DNA methylation in blood collected at 26-30 weeks gestation improved upon the ability of clinical factors alone to identify women at risk for progression to abnormal glucose tolerance post-partum. Finally, circulating microRNAs and long non-coding RNAs that are present in early or mid-pregnancy and associated with GDM have been identified. MicroRNAs have also proven efficacious in predicting both the development of GDM as well as its long-term cardiometabolic complications. Studies performed to date have demonstrated the potential for genetic and epigenetic technologies to impact clinical care, although much remains to be done.
Do maternal haemodynamics have a causal influence on treatment for gestational diabetes?; BackgroundArterial stiffening is believed to contribute to the worsening of insulin resistance, and factors which are associated with needing pharmacological treatment of gestational diabetes (GDM), such as maternal obesity or advanced age, are associated with impaired cardiovascular adaptation to pregnancy. In this observational study, we aimed to investigate causal relationships between maternal haemodynamics and treatment requirement amongst women with GDM.MethodsWe assessed maternal haemodynamics in women with GDM, comparing those who remained on dietary treatment with those who required pharmacological management. Maternal haemodynamics were assessed using the Arteriograph (R) (TensioMed Ltd, Budapest, Hungary) and the NICOM (R) non-invasive bio-reactance method (Cheetah Medical, Portland, Oregon, USA). A graphical causal inference technique was used for statistical analysis.Results120 women with GDM were included in the analysis. Maternal booking BMI was identified as having a causative influence on treatment requirement, with each unit increase in BMI increasing the odds of needing metformin and/or insulin therapy by 12% [OR 1.12 (1.02 - 1.22)]. The raw values of maternal heart rate (87.6 +/- 11.7 vs. 92.9 +/- 11.90 bpm, p = 0.014) and PWV (7.8 +/- 1.04 vs. 8.4 +/- 1.61 m/s, p = 0.029) were both significantly higher amongst the women requiring pharmacological management, though these relationships did not remain significant in causal logistic regression.ConclusionsMaternal BMI at booking has a causal, rather than simply associational, relationship on the need for pharmacological treatment of GDM. No significant causal relationships were found between maternal haemodynamics and the need for pharmacological treatment. This observational study is the first to examine relationships between maternal haemodynamics and treatment requirement for gestational diabetes (GDM). This is also the first study to demonstrate a causative, rather than simply associational, relationship between maternal body mass index (BMI) and the need for pharmacological treatment of GDM, with each unit increase in BMI increasing the odds of needing metformin and/or insulin therapy by 12%. Maternal heart rate and pulse wave velocity were significantly higher among women with GDM requiring pharmacological management, but this finding did not remain significant in logistic regression analysis, and no causative relationships between maternal hemodynamics and treatment requirement were identified. Our findings highlight the importance of pre- and peri-conception weight control, but do not support a role for measurement of maternal hemodynamics in the prediction of women who are likely to require pharmacological management of GDM.
Computerized analysis of fetal heart rate indices during oral glucose tolerance test; Aims: To study the effect of maternal glucose ingestion during a 100 g oral glucose tolerance test on fetal heart rate indices. Study design: Prospective study including 50 pregnant patients with an abnormal glucose challenge test who underwent a 100 g glucose tolerance test at 2628 weeks gestation. Fetal heart rate was recorded and analyzed with the computerized Sonicaid Fetal Monitor System (Oxford 8000). Results: Baseline fetal heart rate significantly increased 120 and 180 minutes following glucose ingestion (p < 0.05) both in patients who were subsequently diagnosed to have gestational diabetes and in these in whom the diagnosis was excluded. No significant changes were noted in other fetal heart indices. Conclusions: The significant and consistent increase in baseline fetal heart rate following maternal glucose ingestion indicates that the fetus responds to changes in its environment.The exact mechanism which causes this response has yet to be defined.
Abnormal Glucose Tolerance in Women Diagnosed With Gestational Diabetes (WHO 2013) 10 Years After Index Pregnancy; Context: It is not clear if the risk of abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT) is attenuated in the long-term in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes (GDM) using the World Health Organization (WHO) 2013 criteria and who have received appropriate treatment during pregnancy. Objective: We aimed to assess the long-term prevalence of AGT and other cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in this cohort. Methods: A retrospective cohort follow-up study was conducted of 37 and 107 women diagnosed with and without GDM respectively using the WHO 2013 criteria between June 2010 and December 2010. Women were invited to attend our center, where they underwent a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test, blood and urine collection, body measurements, and electrocardiography. Main outcome measure included the development of AGT using the American Diabetes Association criteria. Results: Sixteen (43.2%) women with GDM compared to 5 (4.7%) women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) at index pregnancy had AGT (P < .001). In the GDM group, 10 (27.0%), 7 (18.9%), and 4 (10.8%) women had impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), respectively. In the NGT group, 2 (1.9%), 3 (2.8%), and 1 (0.9%) woman had IFG, IGT, and T2DM, respectively. Women with AGT also had an unfavorable metabolic profile including obesity, hypertension, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. Conclusion: Women treated for GDM (WHO 2013 criteria) remain at increased risk for developing AGT and adverse CVD risk factors as early as a decade after diagnosis. Continued efforts are needed to accurately follow this population to address modifiable risk factors.
Effects of Sedentary Behavior on the Complications Experienced by Pregnant Women: A Systematic Review; Pregnant women are encouraged to reduce sitting time and replace it with physical activity. Complications arising during pregnancy include gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and prenatal and postpartum depression. In this systematic review, we examined effects of sedentary behavior on the health of pregnant women. We conducted a systematic review with PubMed from year 2000 to identify the relationship between a sedentary lifestyle and psychological effects, occurrence of GDM, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. Data extracted included sedentary time of pregnant women, psychological effects, occurrence of GDM, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia as outcomes. Among the 200 studies retrieved, 11 were finally included after screening. The mean age of eligible pregnant women ranged from 28.5 to 32.9 years. Five studies were extracted with outcomes of psychological effects on the mother, five with GDM, and one with gestational hypertension/preeclampsia. Longer sedentary time was associated with increased risks of prepartum/postpartum depression in three of five studies and GDM in three of five studies. No association was found between sedentary behavior and the risk for gestational hypertension/preeclampsia. Higher sedentary behavior in the second trimester of pregnancy was likely to be associated with postpartum depression. Longer sitting time may increase the risk of prenatal or postnatal depression and GDM, but no relationship was proven for gestational hypertension and preeclampsia in one study. High sedentary behavior in the second trimester may have psychological impacts. The number of studies was small and further research is needed to statistically evaluate impacts of sedentary behavior during pregnancy.
Interaction between rs10830963 polymorphism in <i>MTNR1B</i> and lifestyle intervention on occurrence of gestational diabetes; Aims/hypothesis The aim of this study was to assess the interaction between melatonin receptor 1B gene (MTNR1B) rs10830963 polymorphism and lifestyle intervention during pregnancy on occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in high-risk women. Methods This is a secondary analysis of the randomised controlled gestational diabetes prevention trial 'RADIEL', conducted between 2008 and 2014 in four maternity hospitals in southern Finland. A total of 226 women with a history of GDM and/or a pre-pregnancy BMI a parts per thousand yenaEuro parts per thousand 30 kg/m(2) were enrolled at < 20 weeks of gestation (mean 13 weeks) and randomised into an intervention group receiving counselling on diet, physical activity and weight control and a control group receiving standard antenatal care. The main outcome was incidence of GDM, defined as one or more pathological glucose values in a standard 75 g 2-h OGTT. The MTNR1B rs10830963 was genotyped for further analyses. Results No significant differences were found in the genotype distribution between the intervention and the control group. A significant interaction was observed between the rs10830963 genotypes and the lifestyle intervention on age-adjusted occurrence of gestational diabetes (p = 0.038). Among women homozygous for the C allele of rs10830963, the OR for GDM was significantly lower in the intervention group than in the control group (OR 0.16 [95% CI 0.03, 0.85], p = 0.014). This difference was not seen in women heterozygous (OR 0.88 [95% CI 0.32, 2.41], p = 0.798) or homozygous (OR 2.25 [95% CI 0.34, 14.69], p = 0.384) for the risk allele G. Conclusions/interpretation In women at high risk of GDM, only those not carrying the risk allele G benefited from the lifestyle intervention. Our results indicate that certain genetic risk variants may modify the effectiveness of lifestyle interventions. This may provide important information when planning GDM prevention studies in the future.
Pregnancy and Obesity; Obesity has become a worldwide epidemic: it is associated with increased rate of infertility and with many pregnancy complications. Moreover, it is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus, which increases the risk of these complications. As the prevalence of obesity is increasing, so is the number of women in the reproductive age who are overweight and obese. This article addresses issues concerning pregravid obesity and weight gain during pregnancy and their implication on gestational diabetes and pregnancy outcome.
<i>In Utero</i> Exposure to Maternal Tobacco Smoke and Subsequent Obesity, Hypertension, and Gestational Diabetes Among Women in the MoBa Cohort; BACKGROUND: Environmental factors influencing the developmental origins of health and disease need to be identified and investigated. In utero exposure to tobacco smoke has been associated with obesity and a small increase in blood pressure in children; however, whether there is a corresponding increased risk of conditions such as diabetes and hypertension during adulthood remains unclear. OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to assess the association of self-reported in utero exposure to tobacco smoke with the prevalence of obesity, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in women 14-47 years of age. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study, which enrolled pregnant women in Norway from 1999 thorough 2008. Exposure to tobacco smoke in utero (yes vs. no) was ascertained on the baseline questionnaire (obtained at 17 weeks' gestation); the outcomes were ascertained from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway and the questionnaire. Our analysis included 74,023 women. RESULTS: Women exposed to tobacco smoke in utero had 1.53 times the odds of obesity [95% confidence interval (CI): 1.45, 1.61] relative to those unexposed, after adjusting for age, education, and personal smoking. After further adjustment for body mass index, the odds ratio for hypertension was 1.68 (95% CI: 1.19, 2.39); for T2DM 1.14 (95% CI: 0.79, 1.65); and for GDM 1.32 (95% CI: 1.10, 1.58) among exposed compared with unexposed. CONCLUSIONS: Exposure to tobacco smoke in utero was associated with obesity, hypertension, and GDM in adult women. The possibility that the associations were attributable to unmeasured confounding cannot be excluded.
Association Between Newborn Birth Weight and the Risk of Postpartum Maternal Venous Thromboembolism A Population-Based Case-Control Study; Background-Postpartum venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a potentially fatal and preventable event leading to substantial short-and long-term morbidity. We sought to evaluate whether the delivery of term newborns of low or high birth weight was associated with greater risks of VTE. Methods and Results-In a population-based case-control study conducted in Washington State from 1987 through 2011, cases of hospitalized VTE within 3 months of delivery were identified by using selected International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification codes. Controls were randomly selected postpartum women without VTE, matched on birth year. Birth weight and other maternal and pregnancy characteristics were extracted from birth certificate data. Among term live singleton deliveries, we compared the risk of VTE for mothers of newborns of low and high birth weights (<2500 g and >4000 g, respectively) versus mothers of newborns of normal birth weight (25004000 g). Logistic regression models were adjusted for maternal age, race, education, body mass index, parity, delivery methods, gestational length, smoking, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preeclampsia. Patients with VTE (n=547) were older, had a higher body mass index, and experienced more pregnancy-related complications than controls (n=9482). In comparison with mothers of newborns with normal birth weight, mothers of newborns with low birth weight had a 3-fold increased risk of VTE, which persisted after multivariable adjustment (odds ratio, 2.98; 95% confidence interval, 1.80-4.93). Mothers of newborns with high birth weight had only a slightly increased risk of VTE, which was attenuated after multivariable adjustment (odds ratio, 1.26; 95% confidence interval, 0.99-1.61). Conclusions-The delivery of a newborn with low birth weight is associated with a 3-fold increased risk of maternal postpartum VTE. This should be considered when assessing VTE risk at delivery.
C-reactive protein during pregnancy and in the early postpartum predicts adverse metabolic health outcomes at 1 year postpartum in women with gestational diabetes; BackgroundWomen with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have higher insulin resistance and/or reduced secretion, an increased risk of future diabetes and cardiovascular disease, which may be due to a pathological activation of the innate immune system. C-reactive protein (CRP) is induced by inflammatory cytokines and reflects innate immune activity. We investigated the prospective associations between CRP during the perinatal period with adverse metabolic outcomes at 1 year postpartum in women with previous GDM.MethodsWe analyzed data from the MySweetheart trial that included 211 women with GDM at 28-32 weeks gestational age (GA). CRP was measured during pregnancy at 28-32 weeks GA, at 6-8 weeks and at 1 year postpartum. Metabolic outcomes at 1 year postpartum included weight, total and central body fat, measures of insulin resistance and secretion and presence of the metabolic syndrome (MetS). A 75 g oral glucose tolerance test was performed to measure glucose and insulin values every 30 min over 2 h to calculate indices of insulin resistance (MATSUDA, HOMA-IR) and of absolute (AUCins/glu, HOMA-B) and insulin resistance-adjusted insulin secretion (ISSI-2).ResultsCRP during pregnancy and at 6-8 weeks postpartum predicted increased weight, body fat and visceral adipose tissue (VAT), insulin resistance (higher HOMA-IR, lower MATSUDA), absolute insulin secretion (HOMA-B, AUCins/glu), a reduced adjusted insulin secretion (ISSI-2) and a higher prevalence of the MetS at 1 year postpartum (all p <= 0.036). These relationships particularly those concerning CRP during pregnancy, were independent of weight ( for VAT, insulin resistance and secretion indices, MetS; all p <= 0.032) and of body fat ( for VAT, MATSUDA, MetS; all p <= 0.038). ConclusionCRP during pregnancy and in the early postpartum predicted an adverse cardio-metabolic profile in women with prior GDM at 1 year postpartum independent of weight. The prospective association of CRP with increased insulin resistance and reduced adjusted insulin secretion hint to the role of inflammation in the development of impaired metabolism after GDM and could be used as an early marker for risk stratification.
A Canary in the Coal Mine: Reproductive Health and Cardiovascular Disease in Women; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of mortality in women in the United States. Compared with age-matched men, premenopausal women are protected against CVD, yet this difference dissipates after menopause. Hypogonadism underlies the shared increased CVD risk seen in menopause, primary ovarian insufficiency (POI), and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism. Early menarche and PCOS have also been associated with CVD risk factors, highlighting the importance of mediators other than deficient estrogen in the underlying etiology of this female-specific increased risk. Pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery are also associated with subsequent CV disease and offer early opportunities for the identification of risk. Preliminary evidence suggests a common underlying vascular pathology for ovarian aging and pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia. Research is needed to understand the shared pathophysiology of these femalespecific risk factors for CVD and target interventions to change outcomes.
Sex of the baby and future maternal risk of Type 2 diabetes in women who had gestational diabetes; AimsWomen who develop gestational diabetes mellitus have a chronic defect in the secretion of insulin by the pancreatic cells that underlies both their diagnostic hyperglycaemia in pregnancy and their elevated lifetime risk of developing Type 2 diabetes in the future. It has recently emerged that carrying a male fetus is associated with poorer maternal -cell function and an increased risk of gestational diabetes, whereas the development of gestational diabetes when carrying a girl (as compared with a boy) predicts a comparatively higher risk of early progression to Type 2 diabetes before any subsequent pregnancy. In this context, we sought to determine the impact of fetal sex on the long-term risk of Type 2 diabetes in women with gestational diabetes. MethodsUsing population-based administrative databases, we identified all women in Ontario, Canada, with a singleton live-birth first pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes between April 2000 and March 2010 (n = 23 363). We compared the risk of subsequent Type 2 diabetes after pregnancy in those who carried a girl (n = 11 229) vs. those who carried a boy (n = 12 134). ResultsOver median 5.5 years follow-up, 5483 women (23.5%) were diagnosed with diabetes. Compared with those who carried a boy, women who had a girl had an elevated risk of subsequently developing diabetes (adjusted hazard ratio = 1.06, 95% CI 1.01-1.12). ConclusionsAmong women with gestational diabetes, those who are carrying a girl have a slightly higher overall future risk of Type 2 diabetes.
SUCNR1 Is Expressed in Human Placenta and Mediates Angiogenesis: Significance in Gestational Diabetes; Placental hypervascularization has been reported in pregnancy-related pathologies such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Nevertheless, the underlying causes behind this abnormality are not well understood. In this study, we addressed the expression of SUCNR1 (cognate succinate receptor) in human placental endothelial cells and hypothesized that the succinate-SUCNR1 axis might play a role in the placental hypervascularization reported in GDM. We measured significantly higher succinate levels in placental tissue lysates from women with GDM relative to matched controls. In parallel, SUCNR1 protein expression was upregulated in GDM tissue lysates as well as in isolated diabetic fetoplacental arterial endothelial cells (FpECAds). A positive correlation of SUCNR1 and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) protein levels in tissue lysates indicated a potential link between the succinate-SUCNR1 axis and placental angiogenesis. In our in vitro experiments, succinate prompted hallmarks of angiogenesis in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) such as proliferation, migration and spheroid sprouting. These results were further validated in fetoplacental arterial endothelial cells (FpECAs), where succinate induced endothelial tube formation. VEGF gene expression was increased in response to succinate in both HUVECs and FpECAs. Yet, knockdown of SUCNR1 in HUVECs led to suppression of VEGF gene expression and abrogated the migratory ability and wound healing in response to succinate. In conclusion, our data underline SUCNR1 as a promising metabolic target in human placenta and as a potential driver of enhanced placental angiogenesis in GDM.
Cardiovascular disease screening; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death amongst women worldwide. Cardiovascular risk assessment and primary prevention are important strategies to improve morbidity and mortality. In additional to the traditional risk factors, pregnancy complications such as pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes increment future risk of developing cardiovascular complications. Additionally, several serum biomarkers are valuable measures for both risk assessment and predictors of clinical outcomes in women. The purpose of this review is to describe current risk stratification schemes as well as outline the role of obstetric history and serum biomarkers in adjusting risk stratification in women. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Health behaviour changes in partners of women with recent gestational diabetes: a phase Ila trial; Background: We recently demonstrated that a gestational diabetes history in mothers is associated with higher postpartum incident diabetes not only in mothers but also in fathers. In the present study, we examined changes in health behaviours and cardiometabolic profiles in both mothers and partners who participated in a diabetes prevention program within 5 years of a gestational diabetes pregnancy. Methods: Couples were enrolled into a 13-week program that included 5 half-day group sessions and web/telephone-based support between sessions. It was designed in consultation with patients and previously studied in mothers. We computed mean changes from baseline (95% CI) for physical activity, eating, and sleep measures, and cardiometabolic parameters (fasting and 2-h post glucose load plasma glucose, BMI, blood pressure) in both partners and mothers. Results: Among 59 couples enrolled, 45 partners (76%) and 47 mothers (80%) completed final evaluations. Baseline cardiometabolic measures averaged within normal limits. Similar to mothers, partners increased physical activity (+ 1645 steps/day, 9596CI 730, 2561; accelerometer assessed moderate-to-vigorous physical activity + 36.4 min/week, 95% CI 1.4, 71.4) and sleep duration (+0.5 h/night, 95% CI 0.1, 0.9) and reduced the sodium-to-potassium ratio of food intake (- 0.09 95% CI -0.19, - 0.001). No conclusive changes were observed in glucose measures or insulin resistance; in analyses combining mothers and partners, systolic blood pressure decreased (- 2.7 mmHg, 95% CI -4.4, - 1.0). Conclusions: Partners and mothers demonstrated improved physical activity, sleep, and dietary quality. Baseline cardiometabolic profiles averaged at normal values and there were no changes in glucose or insulin resistance; some blood pressure impact was observed. While strategies need to be developed to attract participants at higher cardiometabolic risk, this study demonstrates that partners of women within 5 years of a gestational diabetes diagnosis can be recruited and do achieve health behaviour change.
Factors causing timely referral for fetal echocardiography in the final diagnosis of congenital heart malformations: A cross-sectional study; Background: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is one of the most frequently inherited illnesses associated with adverse outcomes. Objective: This study aimed to determine the referral cause for fetal echocardiography in the final diagnosis of major CHD. Materials and Methods: In this cross-sectional study, the data of 1772 pregnant women, referred to a diagnostic clinic during 2017-2020, were reviewed. Data were collected from participants on maternal age, gestational age, history of previous child's heart disease, body mass, the order of birth of children (baby birth rank), type of woman's disease, history of poor midwifery, and nuchal translucency (NT). Results: Of the 1772 pregnant women, only 33 women (1.8%) had a fetus with CHD major. Abnormality in ultrasound (57.6%), history of abortion (36.4%), increased NT and gestational diabetes (18.2%) and gestational diabetes (18.2%) were identified as the most common referral reasons for fetal echocardiography in these women. Other reasons included a previous child with Down syndrome (12.1%), a previous child with heart disease (12.1%), a history of stillbirth (12.1%), hypothyroidism (12.1%), taking medication during the pregnancy period (9.0%), no underlying disease (9.0%), multiple pregnancies (6.0%), diagnosis with high-risk fetal heart disease (3.0%), high-risk combined aneuploidy screening test in the first trimester (3.0%), in vitro fertilization pregnancy (3.0%), and having a child with an intellectual disability (3.0%). Conclusion: According to the results, it can be concluded that ultrasound abnormality, abortion, increased NT and gestational diabetes are the most important factors for referring pregnant women for fetal echocardiography.
Triglycerides as an early pathophysiological marker of endothelial dysfunction in nondiabetic women with a previous history of gestational diabetes; Objective. To investigate whether baseline triglyceride levels are associated with early glucose dysregulation and/or cardiovascular risk in women with a previous history of gestational diabetes. Design. Prospective postpregnancy cohort study. Setting. Polish university hospitals. Sample. Participants included 125 women with previous gestational diabetes and 40 women with normal glucose regulation during pregnancy. Methods. All women were studied 224months (mean 12 +/- 10months) after the index pregnancy. Women with previous gestational diabetes were divided into tertiles in accordance with baseline triglyceride levels. Main Outcome Measures. We assessed glucose regulation (oral glucose tolerance test), insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment), markers of endothelial dysfunction (soluble: intercellular adhesion molecule-1, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, E-selectin, tissue plasminogen activator antigen, von Willebrand factor antigen), fibrinolysis (plasminogen activator inhibitor antigen), inflammation (high-sensitivity C-reactive protein) and lipid levels. Results. Women with previous gestational diabetes (78% normal glucose regulation, 22% impaired glucose tolerance) had a high cardiometabolic risk profile compared with control women (100% normal glucose regulation). Baseline triglycerides >0.83mmol/l were associated with a higher prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance, higher high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol ratio. Triglycerides >1.22mmol/l were associated with higher body fat indexes, higher insulin resistance, higher levels of endothelial dysfunction biomarkers, higher plasminogen activator inhibitor antigen and dyslipidemia. Only E-selectin was independently associated with triglyceride levels. Conclusions. Baseline triglyceride levels are a cardiovascular risk marker as well as a pathophysiological parameter independently associated with endothelial dysfunction in nondiabetic women with previous gestational diabetes at 224months after an index pregnancy. Normalization of triglycerides should be included in preventive therapy after a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes.
Reproductive factors in relation to heart failure in women: A systematic review; Background: The biological mechanisms underlying the sex-related differences in risk of heart failure are still not well understood. The aim of this review was to provide an overview of the current evidence on the association between reproductive factors and risk of heart failure in women. Methods: A systematic review of the literature was conducted. PubMed and Embase databases were searched for publications on the following reproductive factors as potential risk factors for heart failure in women: age at menarche, duration and frequency of the menstrual cycle, reproductive lifespan, use of contraception, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), pregnancy characteristics (e.g. parity), pregnancy complications (e.g. preeclampsia), induced abortion, history of breastfeeding, fertility status, use of assisted reproductive methods, hysterectomy, age at menopause, and use of hormone replacement therapy (HRT). Results: Twenty-one studies were eligible for inclusion. Hypertensive pregnancy disorders, preterm delivery or small-for-gestational-age (SGA) infants, shorter reproductive duration, and early menopause were risk factors for heart failure in women. It was suggested that PCOS, fertility therapy, gestational diabetes, and age at first pregnancy were not related to risk of heart failure, but a potential relation cannot be fully excluded as most studies were not of sufficient quality. Conflicting results were found for the associations between risk of heart failure and hysterectomy, gravidity and parity, and HRT. Conclusion: Although some reproductive factors were considered risk factors for heart failure in women, the results were mostly conflicting or inconclusive. Further research is needed to confirm and expand the current evidence on the association between reproductive factors and risk of heart failure.
Isolated Right Ventricular Non-compaction in a Neonate Born to a Mother with Gestational Diabetes: A Case Report; Background: Ventricular non-compaction, which is a rare congenital cardiomyopathy, results from an arrest in normal endomyocardial embryogenesis. It is characterized by a pattern of prominent trabecular meshwork and deep intertrabecular recesses. The clinical manifestations include systolic and diastolic dysfunctions, heart failure, ventricular arrhythmias, and cardioembolic events. Case report: Here we present the case of a neonate (38 weeks, weighing 2580 gr) born to a mother with gestational diabetes (GDM) with isolated right ventricular non-compaction (IRVNC) and systolic and diastolic right heart dysfunction due to meconium aspiration syndrome and tension pneumothorax. A 4-month follow-up demonstrated a complete improvement in the newborn. Conclusion: It is of paramount importance to consider RVNC cardiomyopathy a differential diagnosis of cyanosis and respiratory distress due to meconium aspiration syndrome in neonate s born to mothers with GDM. Apart from RV cardiac dysfunction, RVNC could cause such complications as pulmonary hypertension and tension pneumothorax. It can be also spontaneously improved in GMD.
Fine-tuning of Genome-Wide Polygenic Risk Scores and Prediction of Gestational Diabetes in South Asian Women; Gestational diabetes Mellitus (GDM) affects 1 in 7 births and is associated with numerous adverse health outcomes for both mother and child. GDM is suspected to share a large common genetic background with type 2 diabetes (T2D). The aim of our study was to characterize different GDM polygenic risk scores (PRSs) and test their association with GDM using data from the South Asian Birth Cohort (START). PRSs were derived for 832 South Asian women from START using the pruning and thresholding (P+T), LDpred, and GraBLD methods. Weights were derived from a multi-ethnic and a white Caucasian study of the DIAGRAM consortium. GDM status was defined using South Asian-specific glucose values in response to an oral glucose tolerance test. Association with GDM was tested using logistic regression. Results were replicated in South Asian women from the UK Biobank (UKB) study. The top ranking P+T, LDpred and GraBLD PRSs were all based on DIAGRAM's multi-ethnic study. The best PRS was highly associated with GDM in START (AUC=0.62, OR=1.60 [95% CI=1.44-1.69]), and in South Asian women from UKB (AUC=0.65, OR=1.69 [95% CI=1.28-2.24]). Our results highlight the importance of combining genome-wide genotypes and summary statistics from large multi-ethnic studies to optimize PRSs in South Asians.
A prospective and longitudinal study of plasma phospholipid saturated fatty acid profile in relation to cardiometabolic biomarkers and the risk of gestational diabetes; Background: Data on saturated fatty acids (SFAs) in relation to metabolic function and glucose homeostasis remain controversial. Such data are lacking among pregnant women. Objective: We prospectively investigated objectively measured individual and subclasses of plasma phospholipid SFAs throughout pregnancy in relation to cardiometabolic markers and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk. Design: Within the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Fetal Growth Studies-Singleton Cohort of 2802 singleton pregnancies, 107 GDM cases were ascertained via medical record review and matched to 214 non-GDM controls on age, race/ethnicity, and gestational week (GW) at blood collection. Individual plasma phospholipid SFA concentrations were repeatedly measured throughout pregnancy at GWs 10-14, 15-26, 23-31, and 33-39 and also grouped into subclasses of even- or odd-chain SFAs. Results: From GW 10, even-chain SFA concentrations were significantly higher among women who later developed GDM, whereas odd-chain SFAs were significantly lower among GDM cases compared with controls. At GWs 10-14, the SFA palmitic acid (16:0) was positively associated with impaired insulin resistance and cardiometabolic markers and the risk of GDM [adjusted OR comparing the highest with the lowest quartile (aOR(Q4-Q1)): 4.76; 95% CI: 1.72, 13.10; P-trend = 0.001]. In contrast, odd-chain SFAs were inversely related to the previously mentioned markers and GDM risk [aOR(Q4-Q1) for pentadecanoic acid (15:0): 0.32; 95% CI: 0.11, 0.92; P-trend = 0.025; for heptadecanoic acid (17:0): 0.20; 95% CI: 0.07, 0.58; P-trend = 0.003]. Women with high (median or greater) even-chain SFA concentrations and low (less than median) odd-chain SFAs had a 9.43-fold (95%: CI 3.26-, 27.30-fold) increased risk compared with women with low even-chain and high odd-chain SFA concentrations. Similar results were observed at GWs 15-26. Conclusions: The study provided one of the first lines of evidence suggesting that circulating concentrations of SFAs varying by SFA chain length, as early as GWs 10-14, were significantly and differentially associated with subsequent risk of GDM. Our findings highlight the importance of assessing objectively measured, individual, and subclasses of SFAs to investigate their distinct biological and pathophysiologic roles in glucose homeostasis and cardiometabolic outcomes. This study was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00912132. Am J Clin Nutr 2018;107:1017-1026.
Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk assessment: An American Society for Preventive Cardiology clinical practice statement; Risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) shows considerable heterogeneity both in generally healthy persons and in those with known ASCVD. The foundation of preventive cardiology begins with assessing baseline ASCVD risk using global risk scores based on standard office-based measures. Persons at low risk are generally recommended for lifestyle management only and those at highest risk are recommended for both lifestyle and pharmacologic therapy. Additional "risk enhancing" factors, including both traditional risk factors and novel biomarkers and inflammatory factors can be used to further assess ASCVD risk, especially in those at borderline or intermediate risk. There are also female-specific risk enhancers, social determinants of health, and considerations for high-risk ethnic groups. Screening for subclinical atherosclerosis, especially with the use of coronary calcium screening, can further inform the treatment decision if uncertain based on the above strategies. Persons with pre-existing ASCVD also have variable risk, affected by the number of major ASCVD events, whether recurrent events have occurred recently, and the presence of other major risk factors or high-risk conditions. Current guidelines define high to very high risk ASCVD accordingly. Accurate ASCVD risk assessment is crucial for the appropriate targeting of preventive therapies to reduce ASCVD risk. Finally, the clinician-patient risk discussion focusing on lifestyle management and the risks and benefits of evidence-based pharmacologic therapies to best lower ASCVD risk is central to this process. This clinical practice statement provides the preventive cardiology specialist with guidance and tools for assessment of ASCVD risk with the goal of appropriately targeting treatment approaches for prevention of ASCVD events.
Hepatic Rather Than Cardiac Steatosis Relates to Glucose Intolerance in Women with Prior Gestational Diabetes; Background: Increased myocardial lipid accumulation has been described in patients with pre- and overt type 2 diabetes and could underlie the development of left-ventricular dysfunction in metabolic diseases (diabetic cardiomyopathy). Since women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) display a generally young population at high risk of developing diabetes and associated cardiovascular complications, we aimed to assess whether myocardial lipid accumulation can be detected at early stages of glucose intolerance and relates to markers of hepatic steatosis (Fatty Liver Index), cardiac function, insulin sensitivity and secretion. Methods: Myocardial lipid content (MYCL), left-ventricular function (1 H-magnetic-resonance-spectroscopy and -imaging), insulin sensitivity/secretion (oral glucose tolerance test) and the fatty liver index (FLI) were assessed in 35 pGDM (45.6 +/- 7.0 years, 28.3 +/- 4.8 kg/m(2)) and 14 healthy control females (CON; 44.7 +/- 9.8 years, 26.1 +/- 2.5 kg/m(2)), matching for age and body-mass-index (each p>0.1). Results: Of 35 pGDM, 9 displayed normal glucose tolerance (NGT), 6 impaired glucose regulation (IGR) and 20 had been already diagnosed with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). MYCL and cardiac function were comparable between pGDM and CON; in addition, no evidence of left-ventricular dysfunction was observed. MYCL was inversely correlated with the ejection fraction in T2DM (R = -20.45, p<0.05), while the FLI was tightly correlated with metabolic parameters (such as HbA1C, fasting plasma glucose and HDL-cholesterol) and rose along GT-groups. Conclusions: There is no evidence of cardiac steatosis in middle-aged women with prior gestational diabetes, suggesting that cardiac complications might develop later in the time-course of diabetes and may be accelerated by the co-existence of further risk factors, whereas hepatic steatosis remains a valid biomarker for metabolic diseases even in this rather young female cohort.
Maternal Predictors of Disparate Outcomes in Children With Single Ventricle Congenital Heart Disease; BACKGROUND: Significant variability in morbidity and mortality persists for children with functionally single ventricle congenital heart disease (SV-CHD) despite standardization in medical and surgical care. We hypothesized that maternal health factors may be associated with an increased risk of poor outcomes in children with SV-CHD. METHODS AND RESULTS: This retrospective, observational, cohort study included term maternal-infant pairs with a diagnosis of SV-CHD who underwent surgical palliation from 2006 to 2015 at Primary Children's Hospital. Pairs lacking maternal variables of interest or infant follow-up data were excluded. The association of maternal risk factors of abnormal pre-pregnancy body mass index, abnormal gestational weight gain (<7 or >20 kg), hypertensive disorders, and gestational diabetes mellitus with death/transplant and hemodynamics were analyzed using regression models. Of 190 infants, 135 (71%) maternal-infant dyads had complete data for inclusion. Death or transplant occurred in 48 infants (36%) during an average follow-up of 2.2 years (0.1-11.7 years). Abnormal gestational weight gain was associated with an increased risk of death and/or transplant in logistic regression (odds ratio, 3.22; 95% CI, 1.32-7.86; P= 0.01), but not Cox regression (hazard ratio, 1.9; 95% CI, 1.0- 3.7; P=0.055). Mean pulmonary artery pressures were higher in the setting of abnormal gestational weight gain (16.5 +/- 2.9 versus 14.7 +/- 3.0 mm Hg; P<0.001), and abnormal pre-pregnancy body mass index (15.7 +/- 3.5 versus 14.2 +/- 2.1 mm Hg; P<0.001) in the systemic right ventricle group. CONCLUSIONS: Abnormal gestational weight gain (excessive or inadequate) is a novel risk factor for worse outcomes in SV-CHD. The fetoplacental environment may alter the trajectory of vascular development to impact outcomes in infants with SV-CHD.
Branched-chain amino acids, history of gestational diabetes, and breastfeeding: The Bogalusa Heart Study; Background and aims: To examine the associations between history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and breastfeeding with branched-chain amino acids (BCAA) and their metabolites in later life. Methods and results: 638 women (mean age 48.0 y) who had participated in the Bogalusa Heart Study and substudies of pregnancy history had untargeted, ultrahigh performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectroscopy conducted by Metabolon (c) on serum samples. Metabolites were identified that were BCAA or associated with BCAA metabolic pathways. History of GDM at any pregnancy (self-reported, confirmed with medical records when possible) as well as breastfeeding were examined as predictors of BCAA using linear models, controlling for age, race, BMI, waist circumference, and menopausal status. None of the BCAA differed statistically by history of either GDM or breastfeeding, although absolute levels of each of the BCAA were higher with GDM and lower with breastfeeding. Of the 27 metabolites on the leucine, isoleucine and valine metabolism subpathway, 1-carboxyethylleucine, 1-carboxyethyvaline, and 3-hydroxy-2ethylpropionate were higher in women with a history of GDM, but lower in women in women with a history of breastfeeding. Similar results were found for alpha-hydroxyisocaproate, 1carboxyethylisoleucine, and N-acetylleucine. Conclusions: GDM and breastfeeding are associated in opposite directions with several metabolites on the BCAA metabolic pathway. (C) 2020 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Is Impedance Cardiography an Efficient Method to Evaluate Pregnant Women with Multiple Cardiovascular Risks? - Case Report; Preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, or pregnancy-induced hypertension identifiesawoman at risk for cardiovascular disease. Diabetic women carries a 2-4 times increased risk of a hypertensive pregnancy compared to non-diabetic people. Impedance cardiography (ICG) is a noninvasive technology that can be used to assessthecardiovascular function. We present the case of 34 years old, obese and smoker, patient investigated in our clinic whodeveloped gestational diabetes in the third trimester of pregnancy. The blood pressure was in normal range. Patient underwent a complete assessment including screening history, physical examination, blood glucose level, blood pressure and body weight measurements, ultrasound and impedance cardiography examination. All the results were compared with similar findings of a smoker patient in the third trimester of pregnancy, non obese, with normal blood pressure and without gestational diabetes. We present the hemodynamic parameters that we measured using impedance cardiography in a diabetic, obese, normotensive third trimester pregnant patient compared with a non diabetic, non obese third trimester pregnant patient. Using ICG we performedthemeasurements in supine position. Our findings were: diabetic patient presented an increased heart rate. Basal impedance was also elevated in this patient, but with no statistical significance. Cardiac index was increased in the diabetic patient. Systemic vascular resistance registered lower values for the diabetic patient. The diabetic patient had a good outcome of pregnancy. Impedance cardiography is a noninvasive method which provided us the hemodynamic profile in a case of obesity and diabetes during pregnancy, without associated gestational hypertension.
Healthy Food Intake Index (HFII) - Validity and reproducibility in a gestational-diabetes-risk population; Background: The aim was to develop and validate a food-based diet quality index for measuring adherence to the Nordic Nutrition Recommendations (NNR) in a pregnant population with high risk of gestational diabetes (GDM). Methods: This study is a part of the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL), a lifestyle intervention conducted between 2008 and 2014. The 443 pregnant participants (61 % of those invited), were either obese or had a history of GDM. Food frequency questionnaires collected at 1st trimester served for composing the HFII; a sum of 11 food groups (available score range 0-17) with higher scores reflecting higher adherence to the NNR. Results: The average HFII of the participants was 10.2 (SD 2.8, range 2-17). Factor analysis for the HFII component matrix revealed three factors that explained most of the distribution (59 %) of the HFII. As an evidence of the component relevance 9 out of 11 of the HFII components independently contributed to the total score (item-rest correlation coefficients <0.31). Saturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, polyunsaturated fatty acids, sucrose, and fiber intakes (among other nutrients) showed linearity across the HFII categories (P <= 0.030 for all nutrients tested); the higher the HFII, the closer the nutrient intake to the recommended intake level. Educational attainment (P = 0.0045), BMI (P = 0.0098), smoking (P = 0.007), and leisure time physical exercise (P = 0.038) showed linearity across the HFII categories. Intra-class correlation coefficient for the HFII was 0.85 (CI 0.79, 0.90). Conclusions: The HFII components reflect the food guidelines of the NNR, intakes of relevant nutrients, and characteristics known to vary with diet quality. It largely ignores energy intake, its components have independent contribution to the HFII, and it exhibits reproducibility. The main shortcomings are absence of red and processed meat component, and the validation in a selected study population. It is suitable for ranking participants according to the adherence to the NNR in pregnant women at high risk of GDM.
Gestational Diabetes Alters Functions in Offspring's Umbilical Cord Cells With Implications for Cardiovascular Health; Because noncommunicable diseases such as type 2 diabetes mellitus have their roots in prenatal development and conditions such as maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), we aimed to test this hypothesis in primary cells derived from the offspring of mothers with GDM compared with control subjects. We have assessed primary umbilical cord-derived cells such as human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) and Wharton's jelly-derived mesenchymal stem cells from the offspring of mothers with and without GDM. We have compared the primary isolates in cell-based assays measuring proliferation, mitochondrial oxygen consumption, and the ability to support blood vessel growth. We conducted gene expression microarray studies with subsequent pathway analysis and candidate gene validation. We observed striking differences between the two groups, such as lower metabolic rates and impairment of endothelial tube formation in cells with GDM background. HUVECs from subjects with maternal GDM have lower expression of the antiapoptotic protein BCL-xL, suggesting compromised angiogenic capabilities. Comparative gene expression analysis revealed blood vessel formation as a major pathway enriched in the GDM-derived HUVECs with the surface marker CD44 as a gene underexpressed in the GDM group. Functional validation of CD44 revealed that it regulates tube formation in HUVECs, thereby providing insights into a pathway imprinted in primary umbilical cord-derived cells from GDM offspring. Our data demonstrate that primary cells isolated from the umbilical cord of offspring born to mothers with GDM maintain metabolic and molecular imprints of maternal hyperglycemia, reflecting an increased risk for cardiovascular disease later in life.
Pregnancy Reveals Evolving Risk for Cardiometabolic Disease in Women; Pregnancy serves as a cardiometabolic stressor that may unmask underlying metabolic and vascular abnormalities in an evolving continuum of pathophysiology. In 2011, the American Heart Association indicated that a diagnosis of pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension, or gestational diabetes classified a woman as at risk for cardiovascular disease. In this article, we discuss hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth as risk factors for future cardiovascular disease in women.
A comparative study of left ventricular function during pregnancy without and with gestational; The use of nanoscale ultrasonic contrast agent greatly improved the reliability of ultrasonic technology detection, and it became an effective tool to detect a series of diseases. Gestational hypertension and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) are unique and common complications during pregnancy, and they seriously affect women's postnatal health. In this study, we evaluated the practical value of echocardiogram in evaluating Left Ventricular (LV) morphology and function changes during pregnancy with gestational hypertension and GDM. 46 pregnant women with gestational hypertension and GDM as disease group and 50 healthy pregnant women as normal group were included in the study. By echocardiogram analysis, the morphology, systole and diastole functions of LV were compared in both groups. With LV morphology change during pregnancy, LA volume (P = 0.011) of disease group was bigger than that of normal group and LV mass (P < 0.0001) and LVMi (P < 0.0001) of disease group were higher than that of normal group. However, the LVPWd (P < 0.0001) and IVSd (P < 0.0001) of disease group thickened clearly relative to that of the normal group. However, these values, including LVIDd (P = 0.185), EF value (P = 0.779), FS value (P = 0.740) and Cardiac Index (P = 0.444) for their cardiac LV systolic functions of two groups, had very few large-scale differences. Compared to normal pregnant cardiac, the E value (P = 0.014) was lower and the A value (P < 0.0001) was higher in the disease group. Moreover, E/A ratio (P < 0.0001) was obviously less than that in the experimental. According to TDI measures for both groups, the E' value (P < 0.0001) and ratio of E'/A'(P < 0.0001) were lower and A' value (P = 0.003) was slightly higher in the disease group compared with normal group. In recent years, we found that the E/E' value (P = 0.0002) in the disease group was also higher. In summary, LV diastolic function during pregnancy with complications changes pregnant LV morphology and function. Echocardiogram can be used for testing and monitoring these changes as one of simple and reliable inspection methods.
AN INTEGRATIVE APPROACH TO THE PATIENT WITH THROMBOPHILIA; Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a multifactorial disease that results from a conjunction of several risk factors, both inherited and acquired. The younger the person, the more risk factors are required to cause the disease. Since 1937, when the term thrombophilia was coined by Nygaard and Brown, and 1965 when it was used for the first time by Egeberg, a substantial increase in the percentage of patients with VTE and underlying thrombophilia has been reported, particularly after the discovery of the most common thrombophilic mutations, FV Leiden and FII G20210A. Presence of thrombophilia could be detected in as many as 50% of all patients with VTE. Thrombophilia testing has increased lately not only in patients with thromboses but also for other indications, however, whether the results will help in the clinical management of the patients is still unclear. Thrombophilia testing is most commonly performed in young patients with VTE, patients with recurrent episodes of VTE or with thromboses at unusual sites and in persons with positive family history. Whether the presence of thrombophilia influences the clinical management of the patient remains controversial. Patients with VTE and the recognized risk factors such are surgery, trauma, immobilization, pregnancy and the puerperium are at very low risk for recurrence, but prediction of the recurrence of VTE based on the presence of thrombophilia has not been sufficiently explored. Presence of clinical risk factors should be integrated in the strategy of VTE risk assessment. Since many risk factors, such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes and smoking are common for both arterial and venous thromboses, it has been suggested that VTE should be considered as part of a pancardiovascular syndrome, along with coronary artery disease, peripheral artery disease and cerebrovascular disease. Positive family history for VTE in a first-degree relative increases the risk for VTE occurrence by 2-fold, regardless of the presence of inherited thrombophilia. Pregnancy-related risk of VTE is sixfold in creased compared to nonpregnant age-matched women. Women with thrombophilia have been shown to be at an increased risk not only of pregnancy-associated thromboembolism, but also of other vascular complications, including recurrent fetal loss and intrauterine fetal death. Risk for antepartal pregnancy-related VTE is considerably increased in obese women confined to bed for longer than one week, in women who underwent assisted reproduction, in multiple pregnancies, gestational diabetes and maternal age over 35 years. Postpartal risk factors differ, with eclampsia, emergency cesarian section and placenta praevia being the most important. Testing for thrombophilia generally does not alter the management of a patient with VTE, except for selected groups of patients. Women of fertile age with positive family history and presence of thrombophilia may benefit from thromboprophylaxis implementation during pregnancy, or can make the decision not to use oral contraceptives. In the future, the use of global coagulation tests that could detect a hypercoagulable state, along with other clinical risk factors, might improve VTE risk assessment and optimize the duration of treatment of VTE disease.
Effects of prandial glycemic changes on objective fetal heart rate parameters; Background. There is confusion in the literature about the potential effect of maternal glucose levels on the fetal heart rate (FHR) cardiotocographic interpretation. Methods. Study design: prospective clinical descriptive study. Subjects: 21 pregnant women with diabetes mellitus, 23 women with gestational diabetes and 18 healthy non-diabetic pregnant volunteers (control group). Treatment: maternal capillary glucose measurement, and objective FHR analysis (Oxford System 8002) pre- and 1 h post-meal. Statistical analysis: descriptive statistics, Student t-tests and Pearson correlation studies. Results. Maternal capillary glucose levels ranged between 2.7-10.5 mmol/l pre-meal and 4.2-14.8 mmol/l post-meal. The differences between objective FHR parameters pre- and postmeal were not significant in any of the groups of women studied. No correlation was found between prandial glycemic and FHR changes. Women with optimal and suboptimal glycemic control exhibited similar objective FHR parameters pre- and post-meal. Women with gestational diabetes showed similar prandial cardiotocographic changes irrespective of whether they were on insulin therapy or on hypoglycemic diet only. Conclusions. Objective FHR parameters are unaffected by prandial glycemic changes over a wide range of maternal glucose levels. Timing the non-stress test in relation to the meals seems irrelevant in clinical practice.
School-age children born to diabetic mothers and to mothers with gestational diabetes exhibit a high rate of inattention and fine and gross motor impairment; Objectives: To study the neurobehavioral effects that pregestational and gestational diabetes might have on offspring at school age. Study Design: We studied neurobehavioral function at school age of 57 children born to 48, well controlled, diabetic mothers and of 32 children born to 32 women with gestational diabetes. Their development was compared with 57 control children matched by age, birth order and parental socio-economic status, using a number of cognitive, behavioral, sensory and motor neurological tests. Results: The IQ scores on the WISC-R and Bender tests of the children born to diabetic mothers were similar to those of control children, but the Bender scores of the children born to mothers with gestational diabetes were slightly lower. No differences were found between the study groups in various sensory-motor functions in comparison to controls. However, both study group children performed less well than controls in fine and gross motor functions as observed on the Bruininks-Oseretzki test of motor proficiency, The scores of children born to the mothers with pregestational diabetes were higher than controls on the Touwen & Prechtl neurological examination (worse function). The children from both research groups also performed worse on the Pollack taper test that is designed to detect inattention and hyperactivity, The children of the two study groups also had slightly higher scores on the Conners abbreviated parents-teachers questionnaire measuring hyperactivity and inattention, but the differences from controls were not statistically significant. We found a negative correlation between the performance of the children born to mothers with pregestational diabetes on various neurodevelopmental and behavioral tests and the severity of maternal hyperglycemia as assessed by blood glycosylated hemoglobin levels and acetonuria. Conclusions: Pregestational or gestational diabetes was found to adversely affect attention span and motor functions of offspring at school age, but not their cognitive ability. These effects were negatively correlated with the degree of maternal glycemic control, and were more pronounced in younger children.
REDUCED SHORT-TERM VARIABILITY OF FETAL HEART-RATE IN ASSOCIATION WITH MATERNAL HYPERGLYCEMIA DURING PREGNANCY IN INSULIN-DEPENDENT DIABETIC WOMEN; The differential index, which describes the short-term component of fetal heart rate variability and maternal blood glucose levels were measured 109 times in 19 insulin-dependent diabetic mothers in the 2nd half of gestation. An abnormal differential index was observed more often with maternal hyperglycemia (11/45) than with normoglycemia (5/64). A significant negative linear correlation was found between the differential index and the blood glucose level of the mother.
Heart rate variability categories of fluctuation amplitude and complexity: diagnostic markers of fetal development and its disturbances; Objective: In fetal diagnosis the myriad and diversity of heart rate variability (HRV) indices prevents a comparable routine evaluation of disturbances in fetal development and well-being. The work aims at the extraction of a small set of HRV key indices that could help to establish a universal, overarching tool to screen for any disturbance. Approach: HRV indices were organized in categories of short-term (prefix s) and long-term (prefix 1) amplitude fluctuations (AMP), complexity (COMP), and patterns (PATTERN) and common representatives for each category were extracted. This procedure was done with respect to the diagnostic value in the evaluation of the maturation age throughout the second and complete third trimester of pregnancy as well as to potential differences associated with maternal life-style factors (physical exercise, smoking), nutrient intervention (docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation), and complications of pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR)). Main results: We found a comprehensive minimal set that includes [lAMP: short term variation (STV), initially introduced in cardiotocography, sAMP: heart rate increase across one interbeat interval of phase rectified averaged signal - acceleration capacity (ACst1),lCOMP: scale 4 multi-scale entropy (MSE4), PATTERN: skewness] for the maturation age prediction, and partly overlapping [lAMP: STV, sAMP: ACst1,sCOMP: Lempel Ziv complexity (LZC)] for the discrimination of the deviations. Significance: The minimal set of category-based HRV representatives allows for a screening of fetal development and well-being. These results are an important step towards a universal and comparable diagnostic tool for the early identification of developmental disturbances. Novelty & Significance Fetal development and its disturbances have been reported to be associated with a multiplicity of HRV indices. Furthermore, these HRV indices change with maturation. We propose the abstraction of HRV categories defined by short- and long-term fluctuation amplitude, complexity, and pattern indices that cover all relevant aspects of maturational age, behavioral influences and a series of pathological disturbances. The study data are provided by multiple centers. Our approach is an important step towards the goal of a standardized diagnostic tool for early identification of fetal developmental disturbances with respect to the reduction of serious complications in the later life.
Frequency of Congenital Heart Defects Detected on Fetal Echocardiography in High-Risk Mothers; BACKGROUND: Early detection of congenital heart defects provides better postnatal treatment strategy and prognosis. Therefore, we aimed to determine the frequency of congenital heart defects on fetal echocardiography in high-risk mothers referred to the Children hospital, Lahore. METHODS: A cross-sectional observational study was conducted in the Cardiology department, of Children Hospital, Lahore from July to December 2015. The data were collected from 138 high-risk pregnant mothers. Both maternal and fetal risk factors associated with congenital heart defects were considered for indication of fetal echocardiography. RESULTS: Of the 138 high-risk pregnancies, 131 had maternal and 7 had fetal risk factors. Of the fetuses with maternal risk factors, the prevalence of congenital heart defects was 6%. We did not find any congenital heart defects in fetuses with fetal risk factors. 2.17% congenital heart defects presented with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus and 3.62% presented with poor obstetric history (p = 0.05). Atrial septal defects and ventricular septal defects each were present in 2 (1.4%) fetuses while 1 (0.72%) fetus had complete atrioventricular septal defect, 2(1.4%) had septal hypertrophies and 1 (0.72%) had pericardial effusion. CONCLUSION: We observed a 6% frequency of congenital heart defects in high-risk mothers. With this high frequency of congenital heart defects, fetal echocardiography should be included as part of second-trimester anomaly scan in all high-risk mothers.
Fibrinolytic dysfunction in insulin-resistant women with previous gestational diabetes; Background Women with a history of gestational diabetes (p-GDM) are at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) later in life, and therefore at increased risk for future cardiovascular disease. Materials and methods Three months after delivery we investigated the plasma levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 (PAI-1), tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA), fibrinogen and von Willebrand factor (vWF) in 74 women with p-GDM and 20 healthy females with normal glucose tolerance during and after pregnancy, as well as the relation of fibrinolytic parameters to insulin resistance and glycaemic control. All women underwent an oral (OGTT) as well as an intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT). Mathematical model analysis disclosed that 50% (n = 37 each) of the p-GDM subjects had normal (NIS) or impaired (IIS) insulin sensitivity. Parameters of interest were determined using commercially available test systems. Results Women with p-GDM and IIS had significantly increased body fat mass (BFM) (P <= 0.001) compared with women with p-GDM and NIS and controls, whereas the waist to hip ratio (WHR) was similar in both p-GDM groups but was higher compared with the controls (P <= 0.001). Mean PAI-1 and t-PA as well as fasting and stimulated plasma concentrations of proinsulin, C-peptide and insulin were elevated, whereas the disposition index was lower in women with p-GDM and IIS compared with women with p-GDM and NIS and the controls (P < 0.001). Plasma levels of fibrinogen and vWF did not differ between the groups. Obese women with IIS had higher PAI-1 levels than lean women with IIS (P <= 0.001). PAI-1 inversely correlated with the insulin sensitivity index (S-I) but only in women with IIS (P < 0.0001). On regression analysis, only fasting proinsulin and WHR remained significant independent predictors of PAI-1 elevation in IIS (P <= 0.0001 and P <= 0.001). The PAI-1/S-I ratio was elevated in women with IIS independently of their glucose tolerance status (P < 0.001 vs. NIS and controls). Conclusions Plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 is elevated in p-GDM women with IIS and depends on plasma proinsulin and abdominal obesity. An increase of the PAI-1/S-I ratio further characterizes obese insulin-resistant p-GDM women who may be at risk for diabetes and angiopathy.
Manifestations of chronic disease during pregnancy; Context Physiologic changes of pregnancy include insulin resistance, thrombophilia, immunosuppression, and hypervolemia. These changes may herald the development of disease in later life. Objective To summarize current evidence on how pregnancy reveals risk of chronic disease. Evidence Acquisition MEDLINE was searched for articles published between 1990 and 2005 relating pregnancy conditions to the development of chronic disease. Bibliographies and the Web sites of the International Society of Obstetric Medicine and International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy were also reviewed. Evidence Synthesis Pregnancy exaggerates atherogeniclike responses, including insulin resistance and dyslipidemia, manifesting as preeclampsia or gestational diabetes. These complications herald an increased risk of postpartum cardiovascular disease, with a 2-fold increased risk of coronary artery disease and stroke. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus can progress to type 2 diabetes mellitus. The rate of progression varies from 6% to 92% depending on diagnostic criteria, race/ethnicity, and duration of surveillance (from 6 months to 28 years). Pregnancy increases risk of venous thrombosis by 7- to 10-fold. Heritable thrombophilia is present in at least 15% of Western populations and underlies at least 50% of gestational venous thromboses. Thus, the proccragulant changes during pregnancy can unmask hereditary thrombophilia. An important adaptation leading to immunotolerance of the fetoplacental unit is a switch from helper T-cell (T-H) 1 dominance to T(H)2 dominance. Patients with a T(H)1-dominant immune disease, such as rheumatoid arthritis or multiple sclerosis, improve during pregnancy. However, rheumatoid arthritis is 5 times more likely to develop after delivery than at any other time. During pregnancy, there is a 50% increase in plasma volume, which can unmask glomerulopathies, peripartum cardiomyopathy, arterial aneurysms, or arteriovenous malformations. Development of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy predicts increased risk of later cholelithiasis. Conclusions The physiologic changes of pregnancy can reveal risk of chronic diseases. Exaggerated responses reflective of the metabolic syndrome are seen in preeclampsia and gestational diabetes and can herald future cardiovascular and metabolic disease. Pregnancy is therefore an important screening opportunity for cardiovascular and metabolic disease risk factors, with the possibility of early intervention.
Prevention of obesity and diabetes in pregnancy: is it an impossible dream?; The obesity and diabetes epidemic is an unintended consequence of economic, social, and technological changes. In nonpregnancy, people identified as high risk to develop type 2 diabetes may delay progression by 30-70% with lifestyle interventions and pharmacological agents. In pregnancy, lifestyle interventions have been the primary focus to prevent fetal short-and long-term complications that may evolve into substantial weight gain and gestational diabetes mellitus. The dilemma for obstetricians is whether diabetes and obesity can be prevented and not simply treated after the fact. Interventions after women become pregnant may be too late to see the kinds of meaningful improvements in child and maternal health because there is a short interval from gestational diabetes mellitus diagnosis to delivery. Therefore, future efforts need to incorporate quality research, lifestyle interventions that designate time of initiation and duration during pregnancy, the preventative intervention of a prepregnant "fourth trimester," coupled with the concept of precision medicine so that there is the potential to make the impossible dream a reality.
Relationship between gestational diabetes and metabolic syndrome; Background: The metabolic syndrome (MS) is associated to a significant increase in the risk of diabetes, coronary heart disease and stroke, resulting in a 5-fold increase of the cardiovascular death, rate. Aim: To determine the relationship between gestational diabetes (GD) and the development of MS at The end of puerperal period. Patients and Methods: We conducted a case-control study in the Curanilahue Hospital, in southern Chile, including 58 women with GD during their pregnancy studied in day 42 of their puerperal period (study group) and 58 puerperal women from The same hospital, who bad a physiological pregnancy (control group). Trigycerides, HDL cholesterol, fasting and post prandial blood glucose levels, blood pressure, waist circumference, weight and height were measured. MS was diagnosed using the National Cholesterol Education, Program (NCEP - ATP III) criteria. Results: Mean weight, body mass index, waist circumference, blood glucose and triglycerides were significantly higher in The study group and HDL cholesterol was significantly lower in the control group. Conclusions: These results suggest a significant relationship between GD and The ocurrence of MS.
Gestational diabetes is associated with depressed adiponectin levels; OBJECTIVE: Adiponectin is a 29-kd adipocyte-secreted protein that has been linked to insulin resistance in obesity and diabetes. The aim of the present study was to evaluate adiponectin levels in the insulin-resistant state of diabetes in gestation. METHODS: Term, gravid subjects with diabetes (n = 31; age, 30.0 +/- 0.9 years; weight, 98.8 +/- 4.6 kg) and healthy, term, gravid subjects (n = 27; age, 26.1 +/- 1.1 years; weight, 91.2 +/- 3.78 kg) were examined. The diabetes group consisted of 11 class A1, 11 class A2, and nine class B subjects. Plasma insulin, glucose, adiponectin, and leptin were measured on samples obtained immediately before Cesarean or vaginal delivery. Data were presented as means +/- SE, and significance is set at P less than or equal to .05. RESULTS: We observed decreased adiponectin levels in class A2 (4.93 +/- 0.58 mug/mL; P = .013) and class B diabetics (3.33 +/- 0.56 mug/mL; P = .001) as compared to controls (8.17 +/- 0.82 mug/mL), while a nonsignificant decrease was also observed in class A 1 (6.58 +/- 1.13 mug/mL; P = .213). When grouping all gravid subjects, we observed that non-Caucasian subjects (n = 42) (5.51 +/- 0.51 mug/mL; P = .003) had lower adiponectin levels than Caucasian subjects (n = 16) (8.88 +/- 1.11 mug/mL). Within the non-Caucasian group, we found significantly lower adiponectin levels in diabetic gravid subjects (class A2: 4.24 +/- 0.75 mug/mL; P = .044; and class B: 3.33 +/- 0.56 mug/mL; P = .005) compared with nondiabetic gravid subjects (7.05 +/- 0.80 mug/mL). CONCLUSION: Class A2 and B gestational diabetes are associated with suppressed levels of adiponectin, similar to that found in other insulin-resistant states (type II diabetes and obesity). Copyright (C) 2005 by the Society for Gynecologic Investigation.
Programming of Vascular Dysfunction in the Intrauterine Milieu of Diabetic Pregnancies; With the rising global tide of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) burgeoned into one of the most common antenatal disorders worldwide. Macrosomic babies born to diabetic mothers are more likely to develop risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) before they reach adulthood. Rodent studies in offspring born to hyperglycemic pregnancies show vascular dysfunction characterized by impaired nitric oxide (NO)-mediated vasodilation and increased production of contractile prostanoids by cyclooxygenase 2 (COX-2). Vascular dysfunction is a key pathogenic event in the progression of diabetes-related vascular disease, primarily attributable to glucotoxicity. Therefore, glucose-induced vascular injury may stem directly from the hyperglycemic intrauterine environment of GDM pregnancy, as evinced by studies showing endothelial activation and inflammation at birth or in childhood in offspring born to GDM mothers. This review discusses potential mechanisms by which intrauterine hyperglycemia programs dysfunction in the developing vasculature.
Cycling reduces blood glucose excursions after an oral glucose tolerance test in pregnant women: a randomized crossover trial; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of an acute bout of cycling immediately after oral glucose intake on glucose metabolism in pregnant women at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Fifteen pregnant women with BMI >= 27 kg/m(2) were enrolled in a randomized crossover controlled study and underwent two oral glucose tolerance tests (OGITs) ingesting 75 g of glucose followed by either 20 min of stationary cycling at moderate intensity (65%-75% maximal heart rate) or rest. Using continuous glucose monitors, glucose was measured up to 48 h after the OGIT. Glucose, insulin, and C-peptide were determined at baseline and after 1 and 2 h. One hour after glucose intake, mean blood glucose was significantly lower after cycling compared with rest (p = 0.002). Similarly, mean glucose peak level was significantly lower after cycling compared with after rest (p = 0.039). Lower levels of insulin and C-peptide were observed after 1 h (p < 0.01). Differences in glucose measurements after 2 It and up to 48 h were not statistically different. We found that 20 min of cycling at moderate intensity after glucose intake reduced blood glucose excursions in pregnant women at risk for GDM. Novelty Bullets In pregnant women, we found that cycling after glucose intake resulted in significantly lower glucose levels compared with rest. The exercise intervention studied is feasible for pregnant women and could be readily used to reduce glucose excursions.
Diabetes detection in women with gestational diabetes and polycystic ovarian syndrome; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) represent two of the highest risk factors for development of type 2 diabetes mellitus in young women. As these increasingly common conditions generally affect younger women, early detection of dysglycemia is key if preventative measures are to be effective. While international guidance recommends screening for type 2 diabetes, current screening strategies suffer from significant challenges.First, guidance lacks consensus in defining which tests to use and frequency of monitoring, thereby sending mixed messages to healthcare professionals.Second, conformity to guidance is poor, with only a minority of women having tests at the recommended frequency (where specified). Approaches to improve conformity have focused on healthcare related factors (largely technology driven reminder systems), but patient factors such as convenience and clear messaging around risk have been neglected.Third, and most critically, current screening strategies are too generic and rely on tests that become abnormal far too late in the trajectory towards dysglycemia to offer opportunities for effective preventative measures. Risk factors show wide interindividual variation, and insulin sensitivity and & beta; cell function are often abnormal during pre-diabetes stage, well before frank diabetes. New, consistent, targeted screening strategies are required that incorporate early, prevention focused testing and personalised risk stratification.
Validation of Algorithms to Identify Gestational Diabetes From Population-level Health-care Administrative Data; Objectives: Our aim in this study was to determine the test characteristics of algorithms using hospi-talization and physician claims data to predict gestational diabetes (GDM).Methods: Using population-level health-care administrative data, we identified all pregnant women in Ontario in 2019. The presence of GDM was determined based on glucose screening laboratory results. Algorithms using hospitalization records and/or physician claims were tested against this "gold stan-dard." The selected algorithm was applied to administrative data records from 1999 to 2019 to determine GDM prevalence in each year.Results: Identifying GDM based on either a diabetes mellitus code on the delivery hospitalization record, OR at least 1 physician claim with a diabetes diagnosis code with a 90-day lookback before delivery yielded a sensitivity of 95.9%, a specificity of 99.2% and a positive predictive value of 87.6%. The preva-lence of GDM increased from 4.2% of pregnancies in 1999 to 12.0% in 2019.Conclusion: Algorithms using hospitalization or physician claims administrative data can accurately identify GDM.(c) 2022 Canadian Diabetes Association.
Association of Maternal Glucose Concentrations During Pregnancy With Cardiovascular Alterations in Early Childhood: A Prospective Birth Cohort Study; Background: Maternal hyperglycemia has been associated with cardiovascular disease risks in offspring. Previous studies were mostly conducted to test this association in pregnancies with (pre)gestational diabetes mellitus. However, the association may not be limited to populations with diabetes only.Objectives: The aim of this study was to assess the association between gestational glucose concentrations in women without (pre) gestational diabetes mellitus and childhood cardiovascular alterations at the age of 4 y.Methods: Our study was based on the Shanghai Birth Cohort. Briefly, among 1016 nondiabetic mothers (age: 30.8 +/- 3.42 y; BMI: 21.3 +/- 2.94) and their offsprings (age: 4.41 +/- 0.22 y; BMI: 15.0 +/- 1.56; 53.0% males), results of maternal 1-h oral OGTT between 24 and 28 gestational weeks were obtained. Childhood blood pressure (BP) measurement, echocardiography, and vascular ultrasound were performed at 4 y old. Linear regression and binary logistic regression were conducted to test the association between maternal glucose and childhood cardiovascular outcomes.Results: Compared with children from mothers with glucose concentrations in the lowest quartile, children from mothers in the highest quartile had higher BP (systolic: 97.0 +/- 7.41 compared with 98.9 +/- 7.82 mmHg, P = 0.006; diastolic: 56.8 +/- 5.83 compared with 57.9 +/- 6.03 mmHg, P = 0.051) and lower left ventricular ejection fraction (92.5 +/- 9.15 compared with 90.8 +/- 9.16 %, P = 0.046). Also, higher maternal OGTT 1-h glucose concentrations across the full range were associated with higher childhood BP (systolic: l3: 0.56; 95% CI: 0.19, 0.93; diastolic: l3: 0.36; 95% CI: 0.05, 0.66). Logistic regression showed, compared with children from mothers in the lowest quartile, children from mothers in the highest quartile had a 58% (OR=1.58; 95% CI: 1.01, 2.47) higher odds of elevated systolic BP (>= 90th percentile).Conclusions: In a population without (pre)gestational diabetes mellitus, higher maternal OGTT 1-h glucose were associated with childhood cardiovascular structure and function alterations. Further studies are needed to assess whether interventions to reduce gestational glucose will mitigate subsequent cardiometabolic risks in offspring.
Association of Gestational Diabetes With Subsequent Long-Term Risk of Mortality; ImportanceGestational diabetes has been associated with numerous chronic diseases. However, few studies have examined the association of gestational diabetes with long-term mortality risk.ObjectiveTo investigate the associations between gestational diabetes and long-term risks of total and cause-specific mortality.Design, Setting, and ParticipantsThis cohort study analyzed participants of the Nurses' Health Study II who were followed for 30 years (1989-2019). Participants included US female nurses aged 25 to 42 years who reported at least 1 pregnancy (& GE;6 months) at 18 years or older across their reproductive life span. Data were analyzed from May 1, 2022, to May 25, 2023.ExposureGestational diabetes across the reproductive life span.Main Outcomes and MeasuresHazard ratios (HRs with 95% CIs) for total and cause-specific mortality were estimated by Cox proportional hazards regression models.ResultsA total of 91 426 parous participants were included, with a mean (SD) age of 34.9 (4.7) years and a body mass index of 24.1 (4.7) at baseline. During a follow-up period of 2 609 753 person-years, 3937 deaths were documented, including 255 deaths from cardiovascular disease and 1397 from cancer. Participants with a history of gestational diabetes had a higher crude mortality rate than those without a history of gestational diabetes (1.74 vs 1.49 per 1000 person-years; absolute difference = 0.25 per 1000 person-years). The corresponding HR for total mortality was 1.28 (95% CI, 1.13-1.44), which did not materially change after additional adjustment for potential confounders and lifestyle factors during the reproductive life span (HR, 1.25; 95% CI, 1.11-1.41). The association persisted regardless of the subsequent development of type 2 diabetes and was more robust among participants who adopted less healthy lifestyles; experienced gestational diabetes in 2 or more pregnancies (HR, 1.48; 95% CI, 0.99-2.19); had gestational diabetes both in the initial and subsequent pregnancies (HR, 1.71; 95% CI, 1.11-2.63); and concurrently reported hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HR, 1.80; 95% CI, 1.21-2.67), preterm birth (HR, 2.46; 95% CI, 1.66-3.64), or low birth weight (HR, 2.11; 95% CI, 1.21-3.68). Cause-specific mortality analyses revealed that gestational diabetes was directly associated with the risk of mortality due to cardiovascular disease (HR, 1.59; 95% CI, 1.03-2.47). Additionally, gestational diabetes was inversely associated with cancer mortality (HR, 0.76; 95% CI, 0.59-0.98); however, it was only evident among participants who later developed type 2 diabetes.Conclusions and RelevanceResults of this cohort study suggest that participants who reported a history of gestational diabetes exhibited a small but elevated risk of subsequent mortality over 30 years. The findings emphasize the importance of considering gestational diabetes as a critical factor in later-life mortality risk.
Breastfeeding also protects against Type 2 and Gestational Diabetes; Mothers who breastfed are less likely to develop cardiovascular disease and have lower disease-specific and overall mortality. The study shows that the cumulative duration of breastfeeding also has a positive effect on women with type 2 and gestational diabetes. The underlying data came from the Nurses Health Studies (NHS and NHS II).
Serum metabolomic signatures of gestational diabetes in South Asian and white European women; Introduction This study aimed to identify serum metabolomic signatures associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and to examine if ethnic-specific differences exist between South Asian and white European women. Research design and methods Prospective cohort study with a nested case-control analysis of 600 pregnant women from two Canadian birth cohorts; using an untargeted approach, 63 fasting serum metabolites were measured and analyzed using multisegment injection-capillary electrophoresis-mass spectrometry. Multivariate logistic regression modeling was conducted overall and by cohort. Results The proportion of women with GDM was higher in South Asians (27.1%) compared with white Europeans (17.9%). Several amino acid, carbohydrate, and lipid pathways related to GDM were common to South Asian and white European women. Elevated circulating concentrations of glutamic acid, propionylcarnitine, tryptophan, arginine, 2-hydroxybutyric acid, 3-hydroxybutyric acid, and 3-methyl-2-oxovaleric acid were associated with higher odds of GDM, while higher glutamine, ornithine, oxoproline, cystine, glycine with lower odds of GDM. Per SD increase in glucose concentration, the odds of GDM increased (OR=2.07, 95% C11.58 to 2.71), similarly for metabolite ratios: glucose to glutamine (OR=2.15, 95% C11.65 to 2.80), glucose to creatinine (OR=1.79, 95% C11.39 to 2.32), and glutamic acid to glutamine (OR=1.46, 95% CI 1.16 to 1.83). South Asians had higher circulating ratios of glucose to glutamine, glucose to creatinine, arginine to ornithine, and citrulline to ornithine, compared with white Europeans. Conclusions We identified a panel of serum metabolites implicated in GDM pathophysiology, consistent in South Asian and white European women. The metabolic alterations leading to larger ratios of glucose to glutamine, glucose to creatinine, arginine to ornithine, and citrulline to ornithine in South Asians likely reflect the greater burden of GDM among South Asians compared with white Europeans.
History of gestational diabetes, insulin resistance and coronary risk; The purpose of this study was to examine characteristics associated with the insulin metabolic syndrome, including insulin resistance, abnormal glucose tolerance, dyslipidemia, obesity, and elevated blood pressure, among women who have experienced gestational diabetes. 39 nondiabetic, young (20-42 years), postpartum (3-18 months) white women were recruited from obstetrical clinics. Twenty-one women had a history of gestational diabetes; 18 had uncomplicated pregnancies. Multivariate analyses revealed a significant difference between groups in insulin resistance (M, measured by euglycemic clamp) and insulin levels (from an oral glucose tolerance test), with insulin resistance showing a statistically stronger difference than insulin levels. Groups also differed significantly when compared on a set of variables associated with insulin metabolic syndrome: glucose tolerance, triglycerides, blood pressure, and body-mass index. Using insulin resistance as a covariate eliminated these group differences, suggesting that insulin resistance is the key factor underlying insulin metabolic syndrome. The higher risk of later developing type 2 diabetes and hypertension in women who have a history of gestational diabetes is explicable by their poorer profile on variables associated with insulin metabolic syndrome, and appears to be attributable to insulin resistance. Thus, insulin resistance appears to distinguish young women at risk for cardiovascular disease. (Journal of Diabetes and Its Complications 13;4:216-223, 1999.) (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Inc.
Type 2 diabetes after a pregnancy with gestational diabetes among first nations women in Australia: The PANDORA study; Aims: To determine among First Nations and Europid pregnant women the cumulative incidence and predictors of postpartum type 2 diabetes and prediabetes and describe postpartum cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk profiles. Methods: PANDORA is a prospective longitudinal cohort of women recruited in pregnancy. Ethnic-specific rates of postpartum type 2 diabetes and prediabetes were reported for women with diabetes in pregnancy (DIP), gestational diabetes (GDM) or normoglycaemia in pregnancy over a short follow-up of 2.5 years (n = 325). Pregnancy characteristics and CVD risk profiles according to glycaemic status, and factors associated with postpartum diabetes/prediabetes were examined in First Nations women. Results: The cumulative incidence of postpartum type 2 diabetes among women with DIP or GDM were higher for First Nations women (48%, 13/27, women with DIP, 13%, 11/82, GDM), compared to Europid women (nil DIP or GDM p < 0.001). Characteristics associated with type 2 diabetes/prediabetes among First Nations women with GDM/DIP included, older age, multiparity, family history of diabetes, higher glucose values, insulin use and body mass index (BMI). Conclusions: First Nations women experience a high incidence of postpartum type 2 diabetes after GDM/DIP, highlighting the need for culturally responsive policies at an individual and systems level, to prevent diabetes and its complications. CO 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Positive parental history of diabetes is associated with early diagnosis, better dietary compliance, and glycemic control among type 2 diabetes patients in southern Sri Lanka; Background Parental history of diabetes is an established risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). There is limited data on the association of parental history with the prevalence of T2DM in Sri Lanka. The study aims to examine the prevalence and correlation of parental history and factors such as the onset age, glycaemic control, and self-reported dietary compliance among T2DM patients. With a rising incidence of T2DM in Sri Lanka, understanding the impact of parental history on age at diagnosis and glycemic control can aid in targeted screening and interventions. Methods A cross-sectional study was carried out on 500 T2DM patients attending a diabetes clinic in Galle, the capital of Southern Sri Lanka with a multiethnic population. Convenient sampling strategy was followed in the recruitment process and a questionnaire-based method was used to collect the data. All the collected data was analysed using SPSS V 25.0. Results 51.2% had a parental history of T2DM, and those with a positive parental history were diagnosed six years earlier than those with a negative parental history (p < 0.001). A significant correlation between parental history and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was observed (p < 0.001). Patients with a parental history reported better dietary adherence (p < 0.001). Binary logistic regression analysis revealed patients with positive parental history had significantly lower HbA(1C) (p = 0.003, OR = 0.748). Conclusion T2DM patients with a parental history showed significant association with early diabetes onset, GDM, better glycemic control, and dietary adherence.
Exposure to Perfluoroalkyl Chemicals and Cardiovascular Disease: Experimental and Epidemiological Evidence; Polyfluoro- and perfluoro-alkyl substances (PFAS) are organic chemicals extensively used worldwide for industry and consumer products. Due to their chemical stability, PFAS represent a major cause of environmental pollution. PFAS accumulate in animal and human blood and tissues exerting their toxicity. We performed a review of the epidemiological studies exploring the relationship between exposure to PFAS and thromboembolic cardiovascular disease. An increase in cardiovascular disease or death related to PFAS exposure has been reported from cross-sectional and longitudinal observational studies with evidence concerning the relation with early vascular lesions and atherosclerosis. Several studies indicate an alteration in lipid and glucose metabolism disorders and increased blood pressure as a possible link with cardiovascular thromboembolic events. We also examined the recent evidence indicating that legacy and new PFAS can be incorporated in platelet cell membranes giving a solid rationale to the observed increase risk of cardiovascular events in the populations exposed to PFAS by directly promoting thrombus formation. Exposure to PFAS has been related to altered plasma membrane fluidity and associated with altered calcium signal and increased platelet response to agonists, both in vitro and ex vivo in subjects exposed to PFAS. All the functional responses are increased in platelets by incorporation of PFAS: adhesion, aggregation, microvesicles release and experimental thrombus formation. These findings offer mechanistic support the hypothesis that platelet-centred mechanisms may be implicated in the increase in cardiovascular events observed in populations chronically exposed to PFAS.
Fetal Heart Rate Decelerations in Women with Sleep-Disordered Breathing; Emerging literature has shown that women with sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) have increased risk for gestational hypertension/preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Case reports suggest an association between maternal apnea and fetal heart rate deceleration but data are lacking on how maternal sleep impacts fetal health. Since decelerations may be associated with adverse outcomes, we sought to determine whether fetal heart rate decelerations were associated with SDB. A cohort study of third trimester pregnant women with a singleton fetus was conducted. Participants underwent a home sleep test with continuous portable electronic fetal monitoring. SDB was defined as a respiratory disturbance index (RDI)>= 10 events/hour. The temporality between a respiratory event and fetal heart rate decelerations was determined to be present if a deceleration occurred < 30 s after a respiratory event. Forty women were included with mean (+/- SD) age, BMI, and gestational age of 32.0 +/- 5.5 years, 37.1 +/- 8.0 kg/m(2), and 34.6 +/- 2.4 weeks respectively. Overall, n=23 (57.5%) women had SDB. Thirty-seven late decelerations were observed in 18 women; of these, 84% were temporally associated with a respiratory event. Nine of the 18 women (50%) had SDB. Ten prolonged decelerations were observed in 6 women of which nine (90%) were temporally associated with a respiratory event. Five of the six women (83%) had an RDI >= 10. These initial data suggest that, in this population, the majority of both late and prolonged fetal heart rate decelerations occur with a maternal respiratory event. Since respiratory events are characteristic of maternal SDB, this raises the possibility that SDB may influence fetal well-being.
Maternal obesity and pregnancy outcome; The increasing prevalence of maternal obesity worldwide provides a major challenge to obstetric practice from preconception to postpartum. Maternal obesity can result in unfavorable outcomes for the woman and fetus. Maternal risks during pregnancy include gestational diabetes and chronic hypertension leading to preeclampsia. The fetus is at risk for stillbirth and congenital anomalies. Intrapartum care, normal and operative deliveries, anesthetic and operative interventions in the obese demand extra care. Obesity in pregnancy can also affect health later in life for both mother and child. For women, these risks include heart disease and hypertension. Children have a risk of future obesity and heart disease. Women and their offspring are at increased risk for diabetes. Obstetrician-gynecologists should be well informed to prevent and treat this epidemic. Interventions directed at weight loss and prevention of excessive weight gain during pregnancy must begin in the preconception period.
Risk Factors and Clinical Features of Peripartum Cardiomyopathy in a Chinese Population; Purpose: We investigated the risk factors and characteristic clinical features of peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) to lay the groundwork for early identification, screening, diagnosis, and intervention in high-risk pregnant women. Patients and methods: A retrospective case-control study was conducted to analyze data from 44 patients with PPCM and 226 normal pregnant women from a Chinese population. Results: Significant differences were found between the groups in terms of various factors such as age, body mass index (BMI), heart rate, and medical history. Logistic regression models identified abnormal electrocardiography (OR=18.852), upper respiratory tract infection (OR=41.822), gestational hypertension (OR=18.188), and cesarean section ( OR=8.394) as risk factors for PPCM. Common clinical features observed in patients with PPCM included cough, wheezing, and chest tightness (68.18%), left heart enlargement (56.82%) and valvular insufficiency (81.82%). Additionally, cardiotropic virus was detected in a subset of patients (43.18%) and NT-proBNP was elevated >= 400 pg/mL (81.82%). Conclusion: In the Chinese population, the presence of abnormal electrocardiograms during pregnancy, history of upper respiratory tract infection, gestational hypertension, and maternal choice of cesarean section suggest the possibility of PPCM development. Factors such as advanced age, family history of cardiovascular disease, gestational diabetes mellitus, eclampsia, anemia, and hypoproteinemia should be considered. Clinically, patients present with cough, wheezing, chest tightness, enlarged left heart, valvular insufficiency and NT-proBNP elevated >= 400 pg/mL. This study could serve as a valuable reference for medical practitioners for the early identification and screening of patients with PPCM.
Identifying Key Intervention Opportunities During a Pregnancy Complicated by Diabetes: a Review of Acute Complications of Diabetes During Pregnancy; Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with significant and sometimes devastating acute complications. It is important that all health care providers are aware of possible complications at each stage of pregnancy so that we can prevent these complications whenever possible and reduce morbidity when they do occur. Most complications associated with diabetes during pregnancy have reduced incidence when blood glucose and blood pressure are optimally controlled. Yet, it is always best to try to optimize diabetes and any comorbidities prior to conception.
Multidisciplinary management of cardiovascular disease in women: Delphi consensus; Background Current clinical guidelines on cardiovascular disease (CVD) do not specifically address the female population. The aim of this consensus is to know the opinion of a group of experts on the management of CVD in women.Methods Through a Delphi consensus, 31 experts in cardiology, 9 in gynecology and obstetrics, and 14 primary care physicians, showed their degree of agreement on 44 items on CVD in women divided into the following groups: (1) risk factors and prevention strategies; (2) diagnosis and clinical manifestations; and (3) treatment and follow-up.Results After two rounds, consensus in agreement was reached on 27 items (61.4%). Most of the non-consensus items (31.8%) belonged to group 3. The lack of consensus in this group was mainly among gynecologists and primary care physicians. The panelists agreed on periodic blood pressure control during pregnancy and delivery to detect hypertensive disorders, especially in women with a history of preeclampsia and/or gestational hypertension, and diabetes mellitus control in those with gestational diabetes. Also, the panelists agreed that women receive statins at a lower intensity than men, although there was no consensus as to whether the efficacy of drug treatments differs between women and men.Conclusions The high degree of consensus shows that the panelists are aware of the differences that exist between men and women in the management of CVD and the need to propose interventions to reduce this inequality. The low level of consensus reveals the lack of knowledge, and the need for information and training on this topic.
Impaired indothelium-dependent vasodilatation in women with previous gestational diabetes; OBJECTIVE - To assess whether otherwise healthy women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may have abnormalities in endothelial function at a very early stage, before glucose intolerance occurs. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A total of 33 women with previous GDM (17 nonobese [BMI <27] and 16 obese [BMI greater than or equal to 27]) and 19 healthy nonobese women were examined. A 75-g oral glucose tolerance test was performed, and insulin levels and biochemical parameters were also measured. Using high-resolution ultrasound, we measured vasodilatory responses of the brachial artery during reactive hyperemia (endothelium-dependent vasodilatation), and after nitroglycerin administration, an endothelium-independent vasodilator. RESULTS-Flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) was significantly and equally decreased in both groups of women with previous GDM, compared with control subjects (1.6 +/- 3.7% in the nonobese GDM group and 1.6 +/- 2.5% in the obese GDM group vs. 10.3 +/- 4.4% in control subjects, P < 0.001). FMD correlated inversely with serum uric acid levels, BMI, serum total cholesterol, and basal insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment). Nitrate-induced dilatation was significantly decreased only in the obese GDM group compared with control subjects (21.4 +/- 5.1 vs. 27.9 +/- 9.5, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS - Endothelial dysfunction, which is considered as a very early index of atherogenesis, is already present in both obese and nonobese women with a history of GDM, even when they have normal glucose tolerance.
Maternal vasculopathy and histologic diagnosis of preeclampsia: Poor correlation of histologic changes and clinical manifestation; Objective: The purpose of this Study was to evaluate the frequency of maternal vasculopathy and to determine the usefulness of placental examination in correlation with clinical manifestation of pregnancy-induced hypertension. Study design: We investigated 350 pregnancy-induced hypertension placentas over a 2.5-year period (January 2002-June 2004) to identify the potential usefulness of the maternal vasculopathy in histologic diagnosis and corroboration of clinical precclampsia. This study was carried out at West Virginia University Ruby Memorial Hospital, where 1271 placentas were examined macroscopically and microscopically for the period. The presence or absence of vascular changes, infarctions, thrombosis, abruption, chorangiosis, and chorioamnionitis were investigated for each placenta with the clinical diagnosis of preeclampsia or pregnancy-induced hypertension. Results: Two types of vascular changes that are characteristic of pregnancy-induced hypertension, namely maternal atherosis and fibrinoid medial necrosis, were found in 21.4% of the placentas (75/350 placentas). These vascular changes were found mainly in the decidua capsularis of the membrane rolls, not on the decidua basalis of the maternal floor. There were more placental infarctions within these placentas (32.3% 113/350 placentas). Intervillous thrombosis was 18.9% (66/350 placentas); microscopic abruption was 6.3% (22/350 placentas); chorangiosis was 10.9% (38/350 placentas), and chorioamnionitis was 8.6% (30/350 placentas). Conclusion: These findings demonstrate that the maternal vascular changes that are characteristic of pregnancy-induced hypertension are found in approximately 1 of 5 pregnancy-induced hypertension placentas. Examination of pregnancy-induced hypertension placentas should be based on a combination of a number of histologic changes. Furthermore, the decidua capsularis or the fetal membrane roll, rather than the decidua basalis of the maternal floor, of the placenta should be examined for these maternal vascular changes. (C) 2006 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Power spectral analysis of heart rate variability during the 100-g oral glucose tolerance test in pregnant women; OBJECTIVE - The aims of the present study were to 1) evaluate autonomic function during the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnant women and 2) investigate whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) modifies autonomic control of heart rate variability. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We prospectively Studied 27 pregnant women (15 without GDM, 12 with GDM) during a 100-g OGTT. The maternal electrocardiogram was recorded before and 60 min after glucose ingestion, when peak glucose levels are expected. The time and frequency domains of maternal cardiac intervals were analyzed. RESULTS - There was a significant decrease in the high-frequency (HF) band in both groups after the ingestion of glucose. The normalized low-frequency (LF) band significantly increased , and the normalized HF band significantly decreased after glucose ingestion. The LF-to-HF ratio was significantly higher in the group with GDM at baseline and significantly increased in both groups after glucose ingestion. A regression analysis revealed a significant decrease in the HF band with increasing blood glucose levels. CONCLUSIONS - Acute elevation of blood glucose levels during the OGTT caused substantial autonomic alterations, including sympathetic activation and parasympathetic withdrawal. Both arms of the autonomic system were affected during the test, thus lending support to the concept that these changes are centrally integrated. The autonomic changes were less pronounced in women with GDM compared with in normal control subjects, suggesting that chronic hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia may alter modulation of the autonomic nervous system.
Adiponectin gene polymorphisms associated with diabetes mellitus: A descriptive review; Diabetes is currently a growing concern of the age. Prevention and treatment of diabetes is a global health priority. Adiponectin is an adipocyte derived protein hormone that enhances insulin sensitivity and ameliorates diabetes by enhancing fatty acid oxidation and glucose uptake in skeletal muscle and reducing glucose production in the liver. Low serum adiponectin concentrations are associated with diabetes, central obesity, insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. Adiponectin gene is located on chromosome 3q27, where a locus of susceptibility to diabetes was mapped. Several cross-sectional studies showed that single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in adiponectin gene (ADIPOQ) were associated with diabetes. SNPs in ADIPOQ help in assessing the association of common variants with levels of adiponectin and the risk of diabetes. Two common SNPs, rs2241766 and rs1501299, have been linked significantly to type 1 diabetes mellitus which endow the world with a block of haplotypes. Experimental evidences also suggest that rs1501299, rs2241766, rs266729, rs17366743, rs17300539, rs182052, rs822396, rs17846866, rs3774261 and rs822393 are significantly associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus which is the predominant form of the disease. In addition, rs2241766 and rs266729 are extensively associated with gestational diabetes, a condition that develops in women during pregnancy. Therefore not a particular single mutation but a number of SNPs in adiponectin gene could be a risk factor for developing diabetes among the individuals worldwide. This study firmly suggests that adiponectin plays a crucial role in the pathogenesis of type 1, type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus.
Serum osteoprotegerin is associated with carotid intima media thickness in women with previous gestational diabetes; Circulating levels of osteoprotegerin (OPG) have been shown to be increased in patients with cardiovascular disorders and diabetes. The aim of this study was to determine serum OPG levels in women with previous gestational diabetes (GDM), and to investigate the relationship between OPG and carotid intima media thickness (IMT) and circulating cardiovascular risk factors. Serum OPG was measured in 46 women with previous GDM and 30 age-matched healthy controls. Carotid IMT was evaluated. Serum lipid, insulin and hsCRP levels, plasma fibrinogen, vWF and PAI-1 levels were measured. Serum OPG levels tended to be increased in women with previous GDM (p = 0.058). Carotid IMT was increased in the study group. Women with previous GDM had elevated levels of hsCRP and PAI-1. OPG levels were positively correlated with age, fasting and post-load glucose levels, hsCRP, and carotid IMT. Multiple regression analysis showed that serum OPG was a statistically significant predictor for elevated carotid IMT. Our results revealed that OPG levels tended to be elevated in women with previous GDM. Significant association of OPG with carotid IMT suggested that OPG might play a role in the pathogenesis of endothelial dysfunction in women with previous GDM. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Exposure to Maternal Gestational Diabetes Is Associated With Higher Cardiovascular Responses to Stress in Adolescent Indians; Context: Altered endocrinal and autonomic nervous system responses to stress may link impaired intra-uterine growth with later cardiovascular disease. Objective: To test the hypothesis that offspring of gestational diabetic mothers (OGDM) have high cortisol and cardiosympathetic responses during the Trier Social Stress Test for Children (TSST-C). Design: Adolescents from a birth cohort in India (n = 213; mean age, 13.5 y), including 26 OGDM, 22 offspring of diabetic fathers (ODF), and 165 offspring of nondiabetic parents (controls) completed 5 minutes each of public speaking and mental arithmetic tasks in front of two unfamiliar "evaluators" (TSST-C). Salivary cortisol concentrations were measured at baseline and at regular intervals after the TSST-C. Heart rate, blood pressure (BP), stroke volume, cardiac output, and total peripheral resistance were measured continuously at baseline, during the TSST-C, and for 10 minutes after the test using a finger cuff; the beat-to-beat values were averaged for these periods. Results: Cortisol and cardiosympathetic parameters increased from baseline during stress (P < .001). OGDM had greater systolic BP (mean difference, 5.6 mm Hg), cardiac output (0.5 L/min), and stroke volume (4.0 mL) increases and a lower total peripheral resistance rise (125 dyn.s/cm(5)) than controls during stress. ODF had greater systolic BP responses than controls (difference, 4.1 mm Hg); there was no difference in other cardiosympathetic parameters. Cortisol responses were similar in all three groups. Conclusions: Maternal diabetes during pregnancy is associated with higher cardiosympathetic stress responses in the offspring, which may contribute to their higher cardiovascular disease risk. Further research may confirm stress-response programming as a predictor of cardiovascular risk in OGDM.
