The Influence of Metabolic Factors and Diet on Fertility.; Infertility is a disease globally affecting 20-30% of the reproductive age female population. However, in up to 50% on recorded cases, problems with infertility are ascribed to men; therefore, it is important to popularize healthy eating also in this group. During the last decade, it has been observed that society's lifestyle changed drastically: reduced energy expenditure in physical activity per day, increased consumption of hypercaloric and high-glycemic-index foods with high content of trans fats, and reduced consumption of dietary fiber, which negatively affects fertility. Increasing evidence points to a link between diet and fertility. It is becoming clear that well-planned nutrition can also contribute to the effectiveness of ART. The low-GI plant-based diet appears to have a positive effect, especially when it is based on Mediterranean dietary patterns: rich in antioxidants, vegetable protein, fiber, MUFA fatty acids, omega-3, vitamins, and minerals. Importantly, this diet has been shown to protect against chronic diseases associated with oxidative stress, which also translates into pregnancy success. As lifestyle and nutrition seem to be important factors affecting fertility, it is worth expanding knowledge in this regard among couples trying to conceive a child.
Nutrition in Menopausal Women: A Narrative Review.; Among the various aspects of health promotion and lifestyle adaptation to the postmenopausal period, nutritional habits are essential because they concern all women, can be modified, and impact both longevity and quality of life. In this narrative review, we discuss the current evidence on the association between dietary patterns and clinical endpoints in postmenopausal women, such as body composition, bone mass, and risk markers for cardiovascular disease. Current evidence suggests that low-fat, plant-based diets are associated with beneficial effects on body composition, but further studies are needed to confirm these results in postmenopausal women. The Mediterranean diet pattern along with other healthy habits may help the primary prevention of bone, metabolic, and cardiovascular diseases in the postmenopausal period. It consists on the use of healthy foods that have anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties, and is associated with a small but significant decrease in blood pressure, reduction of fat mass, and improvement in cholesterol levels. These effects remain to be evaluated over a longer period of time, with the assessment of hard outcomes such as bone fractures, diabetes, and coronary ischemia.
Dietary Interventions: A Promising Treatment for Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Dietary interventions as a first-line treatment for patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have been evaluated, but the optimal diet has not been determined. Proper diet and the maintenance of adequate nutritional status are of great importance in the prevention of this disorder, and therapeutics and dietary habits play an important role in the recovery of patients with PCOS. SUMMARY: A range of dietary patterns have been shown to impact weight loss and insulin resistance (IR) and improve reproductive function, including the Mediterranean diet, the ketogenic diet, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension, and other dietary patterns. Key Messages: Diets that can reduce rates of obesity and IR are beneficial to women with PCOS, the status of obesity and IR should be determined at the early stage of the disease, so as to develop individualized and sustainable dietary intervention. The long-term efficacy, safety, and health benefits of diet management in patients with PCOS need to be tested by further researches.
Female Fertility and the Nutritional Approach: The Most Essential Aspects.; Infertility is an increasing problem that affects couples attempting pregnancy. A growing body of evidence points to a link between diet and female fertility. In fact, data show that a diet high in trans fats, refined carbohydrates, and added sugars can negatively affect fertility. Conversely, a diet based on the Mediterranean dietary patterns, i.e., rich in dietary fiber, omega-3 (ɷ-3) fatty acids, plant-based protein, and vitamins and minerals, has a positive impact on female fertility. An unhealthy diet can disrupt microbiota composition, and it is worth investigating whether the composition of the gut microbiota correlates with the frequency of infertility. There is a lack of evidence to exclude gluten from the diet of every woman trying to become pregnant in the absence of celiac disease. Furthermore, there are no data concerning adverse effects of alcohol on female fertility, and caffeine consumption in the recommended amounts also does not seem to affect fertility. On the other hand, phytoestrogens presumably have a positive influence on female fertility. Nevertheless, there are many unanswered questions with regard to supplementation in order to enhance fertility. It has been established that women of childbearing age should supplement folic acid. Moreover, most people experience vitamin D and iodine deficiency; thus, it is vital to control their blood concentrations and consider supplementation if necessary. Therefore, since diet and lifestyle seem to be significant factors influencing fertility, it is valid to expand knowledge in this area.
Pathophysiology and Nutritional Approaches in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS): A Comprehensive Review.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine and metabolic disorder in women of reproductive age worldwide. This disease causes menstrual, metabolic, and biochemical abnormalities such as hyperandrogenism, oligo-anovulatory menstrual cycles, polycystic ovary, hyperleptinemia, insulin resistance (IR), and cardiometabolic disorders, often associated with overweight or obesity and visceral adiposity. RECENT FINDINGS: The etiology and pathophysiology of PCOS are not yet fully understood, but insulin seems to play a key role in this disease. PCOS shares an inflammatory state with other chronic diseases such as obesity, type II diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases; however, recent studies have shown that a healthy nutritional approach can improve IR and metabolic and reproductive functions, representing a valid therapeutic strategy to ameliorate PCOS symptomatology. This review aimed to summarize and collect evidence about different nutritional approaches such as the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) and the ketogenic diet (KD), as well as bariatric surgery and nutraceutical supplementation as probiotics, prebiotics, and synbiotics, among the others, used in patients with PCOS.
Ketogenic Diet as Medical Prescription in Women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS).; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is an endocrine dysfunction associated with a myriad of metabolic disorders and high rate of infertility. In order to aid its management, several lifestyle/dietary interventions have been evaluated. Very low-calorie ketogenic diet (VLCKD) is rapidly showing promising benefits not only in obesity but also in the treatment of other metabolic diseases. The main objective of this review is to assess the scientific evidence in support of this dietary pattern as an effective measure for treating PCOS and the metabolic disorders associated with it. RECENT FINDINGS: Preliminary data suggested significant improvements in body weight and composition, metabolic profile (glucose, serum insulin, triglycerides, total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol), and insulin resistance following VLCKD. However, the evidence is still scarce and needs to be more substantiated. Weight reduction in women with PCOS has been shown to improve metabolic derangements and body composition, but there is no consensus on the ideal dietary pattern or macronutrient composition. There is some evidence supporting the possible role of the Mediterranean diet in improving infertility (along with other well-known metabolic benefits) in women with PCOS. Of note, VLCKD might be considered a potential intervention for the short-term treatment of PCOS, but it must be prescribed and carefully guided by professionals.
Mediterranean Diet Nutrients to Turn the Tide against Insulin Resistance and Related Diseases.; Insulin resistance (IR), defined as an attenuated biological response to circulating insulin, is a fundamental defect in obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2D), and is also linked to a wide spectrum of pathological conditions, such as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), cognitive impairment, endothelial dysfunction, chronic kidney disease (CKD), polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), and some endocrine tumors, including breast cancer. In obesity, the unbalanced production of pro- and anti-inflammatory adipocytokines can lead to the development of IR and its related metabolic complications, which are potentially reversible through weight-loss programs. The Mediterranean diet (MedDiet), characterized by high consumption of extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO), nuts, red wine, vegetables and other polyphenol-rich elements, has proved to be associated with greater improvement of IR in obese individuals, when compared to other nutritional interventions. Also, recent studies in either experimental animal models or in humans, have shown encouraging results for insulin-sensitizing nutritional supplements derived from MedDiet food sources in the modulation of pathognomonic traits of certain IR-related conditions, including polyunsaturated fatty acids from olive oil and seeds, anthocyanins from purple vegetables and fruits, resveratrol from grapes, and the EVOO-derived, oleacein. Although the pharmacological properties and clinical uses of these functional nutrients are still under investigation, the molecular mechanism(s) underlying the metabolic benefits appear to be compound-specific and, in some cases, point to a role in gene expression through an involvement of the nuclear high-mobility group A1 (HMGA1) protein.
Effects of a ketogenic diet in overweight women with polycystic ovary syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder in women during reproductive age. It is characterised clinically by oligo-ovulation or anovulation, hyper-androgenism, and the presence of polycystic ovaries. It is associated with an increased prevalence of metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The onset of PCOS has been associated to several hereditary and environmental factors, but insulin resistance plays a key pathogenetic role. We sought to investigate the effects of a ketogenic diet (KD) on women of childbearing age with a diagnosis of PCOS. METHODS: Fourteen overweight women with diagnosis of PCOS underwent to a ketogenic Mediterranean diet with phyoextracts (KEMEPHY) for 12 week. Changes in body weight, body mass index (BMI), fat body mass (FBM), lean body mass (LBM), visceral adipose tissue (VAT), insulin, glucose, HOMA-IR, total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein (LDL), high density lipoprotein (HDL), triglycerides (TGs), total and free testosterone, luteinizing hormone (LH), follicle stimulating hormone (FSH); dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAs), estradiol, progesterone, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) and Ferriman Gallwey score were evaluated. RESULTS: After 12 weeks, anthropometric and body composition measurements revealed a significant reduction of body weight (- 9.43 kg), BMI (- 3.35), FBM (8.29 kg) and VAT. There was a significant, slightly decrease of LBM. A significant decrease in glucose and insulin blood levels were observed, together with a significant improvement of HOMA-IR. A significant decrease of triglycerides, total cholesterol and LDL were observed along with a rise in HDL levels. The LH/FSH ratio, LH total and free testosterone, and DHEAS blood levels were also significantly reduced. Estradiol, progesterone and SHBG increased. The Ferriman Gallwey Score was slightly, although not significantly, reduced. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that a KD may be considered as a valuable non pharmacological treatment for PCOS. Longer treatment periods should be tested to verify the effect of a KD on the dermatological aspects of PCOS. Trial registration Clinicaltrial.gov, NCT04163120, registrered 10 November 2019, retrospectively registered, https://clinicaltrials.gov.
Diet and Nutrition in Gynecological Disorders: A Focus on Clinical Studies.; A healthy lifestyle and a balanced diet play a paramount role in promoting and maintaining homeostatic functions and preventing an array of chronic and debilitating diseases. Based upon observational and epidemiological investigations, it is clear that nutritional factors and dietary habits play a significant role in gynecological disease development, including uterine leiomyoma, endometriosis, polycystic ovary syndrome, and gynecological malignancies. Diets rich in fruits and vegetables, Mediterranean diets, green tea, vitamin D, and plant-derived natural compounds may have a long-term positive impact on gynecological diseases, while fats, red meat, alcohol, and coffee may contribute to their development. Data regarding the association between dietary habits and gynecological disorders are, at times, conflicting, with potential confounding factors, including food pollutants, reduced physical activity, ethnic background, and environmental factors limiting overall conclusions. This review provides a synopsis of the current clinical data and biological basis of the association between available dietary and nutritional data, along with their impact on the biology and pathophysiology of different gynecological disorders, as well as an outlook on future directions that will guide further investigational research.
Anti-Inflammatory Diets in Fertility: An Evidence Review.; Infertility is a global health concern affecting 48 million couples and 186 million individuals worldwide. Infertility creates a significant economic and social burden for couples who wish to conceive and has been associated with suboptimal lifestyle factors, including poor diet and physical inactivity. Modifying preconception nutrition to better adhere with Food-Based Dietary Guidelines (FBDGs) is a non-invasive and potentially effective means for improving fertility outcomes. While several dietary patterns have been associated with fertility outcomes, the mechanistic links between diet and infertility remain unclear. A key mechanism outlined in the literature relates to the adverse effects of inflammation on fertility, potentially contributing to irregular menstrual cyclicity, implantation failure, and other negative reproductive sequelae. Therefore, dietary interventions which act to reduce inflammation may improve fertility outcomes. This review consistently shows that adherence to anti-inflammatory diets such as the Mediterranean diet (specifically, increased intake of monounsaturated and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, flavonoids, and reduced intake of red and processed meat) improves fertility, assisted reproductive technology (ART) success, and sperm quality in men. Therefore, integration of anti-inflammatory dietary patterns as low-risk adjunctive fertility treatments may improve fertility partially or fully and reduce the need for prolonged or intensive pharmacological or surgical interventions.
Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet, Dietary Patterns and Body Composition in Women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS).; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common female endocrine disorder and is characterized by chronic anovulation, hyperandrogenism, and polycystic ovaries. Obesity, low-grade chronic inflammatory status, and insulin-resistance (IR) often coexist in PCOS. The Mediterranean diet (MD) is an anti-inflammatory dietary pattern, which is rich in complex carbohydrates and fiber, and high in monounsaturated fat. There is a close association among obesity, low-grade chronic inflammation, IR, and hormonal derangements in PCOS. The main aim of the present study was to evaluate the adherence to MD, the dietary intake, and the body composition and their association with PCOS clinical severity in a cohort of treatment-naïve women with PCOS when compared with a control group of healthy women matched for age and body mass index (BMI). In this case-controlled, cross-sectional study, we enrolled 112 patients with PCOS and 112 controls. PREvención con DIetaMEDiterránea (PREDIMED) and seven-day food records were used to evaluate the degree of adherence to the MD and dietary pattern, respectively. Body composition was evaluated by bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) phase-sensitive system. Testosterone levels and Ferriman-Gallwey score assessed the clinical severity of PCOS. C-reactive protein (CRP) levels were determined with a nephelometric assay with CardioPhase high sensitivity. PCOS women showed higher testosterone levels, Ferriman-Gallwey score, fasting insulin and glucose levels, and Homeostatic Model Assessment (HoMA)-IR when compared with the control group (p < 0.001). In addition, we found that the PCOS women consumed less extra-virgin olive oil, legumes, fish/seafood, and nuts compared with control group. Despite no differences in energy intake between the two groups, the PCOS women consumed a lower quantity of complex carbohydrate, fiber, monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), and higher quantity of simple carbohydrate, total fat, saturated fatty acid (SFA), PUFA and n-6 PUFA than the control group. The PCOS women have an adverse body composition when compared with controls, with the lowest values of phase angle (PhA) and fat-free mass (p < 0.001). Additionally, after adjusting for BMI and total energy intake, testosterone levels showed significant negative correlations with PREDIMED score (p < 0.001) and consumption of protein (p = 0.005), complex carbohydrate (p < 0.001), fiber (p < 0.001), MUFA (p < 0.001), n-3 PUFA (p = 0.001), and positive associations with CRP levels, simple carbohydrate, SFA, n-6 PUFA (p < 0.001, respectively), and PUFA (p = 0.002). The cut-off for PREDIMED score ≤ 6 (p < 0.001, area under the curve (AUC) 0.848, standard error 0.036, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.768 to 0.909) could serve as a threshold for significantly increased risk of high value of testosterone levels. In conclusion, a novel direct association between the adherence to MD and the clinical severity of the disease was reported in women with PCOS. This association could support a therapeutic role of foods and nutrients of the Mediterranean dietary pattern in the PCOS pathogenesis likely involving their inflammatory status, IR, and hyperandrogenemia. In addition, we reported a different body composition that is characterized by lower PhA and fat-free mass than controls. These data suggested a role of PhA as a useful marker of the clinical severity of this syndrome and provided strong evidence regarding the strategic relevance of the nutritional assessment in the management of women with PCOS.
Leptin and Nutrition in Gestational Diabetes.; Leptin is highly expressed in the placenta, mainly by trophoblastic cells, where it has an important autocrine trophic effect. Moreover, increased leptin levels are found in the most frequent pathology of pregnancy: gestational diabetes, where leptin may mediate the increased size of the placenta and the fetus, which becomes macrosomic. In fact, leptin mediates the increased protein synthesis, as observed in trophoblasts from gestational diabetic subjects. In addition, leptin seems to facilitate nutrients transport to the fetus in gestational diabetes by increasing the expression of the glycerol transporter aquaporin-9. The high plasma leptin levels found in gestational diabetes may be potentiated by leptin resistance at a central level, and obesity-associated inflammation plays a role in this leptin resistance. Therefore, the importance of anti-inflammatory nutrients to modify the pathology of pregnancy is clear. In fact, nutritional intervention is the first-line approach for the treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus. However, more nutritional intervention studies with nutraceuticals, such as polyphenols or polyunsaturated fatty acids, or nutritional supplementation with micronutrients or probiotics in pregnant women, are needed in order to achieve a high level of evidence. In this context, the Mediterranean diet has been recently found to reduce the risk of gestational diabetes in a multicenter randomized trial. This review will focus on the impact of maternal obesity on placental inflammation and nutrients transport, considering the mechanisms by which leptin may influence maternal and fetal health in this setting, as well as its role in pregnancy pathologies.
Mediterranean Diet as an Antioxidant: The Impact on Metabolic Health and Overall Wellbeing.; It has been established, worldwide, that non-communicable diseases such as obesity, diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular events account for a high percentage of morbidity and mortality in contemporary societies. Several modifiable risk factors, such as sedentary activities, sleep deprivation, smoking, and unhealthy dietary habits have contributed to this increase. Healthy nutrition in terms of adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD), rich in fruits, legumes, vegetables, olive oil, herbs, spices, and high fiber intake may contribute to the decrease in this pandemic. The beneficial effects of the MD can be mainly attributed to its numerous components rich in anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties. Moreover, the MD may further contribute to the improvement of reproductive health, modify the risk for neurodegenerative diseases, and protect against depression and psychosocial maladjustment. There is also evidence highlighting the impact of healthy nutrition in female people on the composition of the gut microbiota and future metabolic and overall health of their offspring. It is therefore important to highlight the beneficial effects of the MD on metabolic, reproductive, and mental health, while shaping the overall health of future generations. The beneficial effects of MD can be further enhanced by increased physical activity in the context of a well-balanced healthy lifestyle.
Associations of Diet and Physical Activity with Risk for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; Rising rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and related complications have prompted calls to identify potentially modifiable risk factors that are associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We systematically reviewed the scientific literature for observational studies examining specific dietary and/or physical activity (PA) factors and risk of GDM. Our search included PubMed, Medline, CINAHL/EBSCO, Science Direct and EMBASE, and identified 1167 articles, of which 40 met our inclusion criteria (e.g., singleton pregnancy, reported diet or PA data during pre-pregnancy/early pregnancy and GDM as an outcome measure). Studies were assessed for quality using a modified Quality Criteria Checklist from American Dietetic Association. Of the final 40 studies, 72% obtained a positive quality rating and 28% were rated neutral. The final analysis incorporated data on 30,871 pregnant women. Dietary studies were categorised into either caffeine, carbohydrate, fat, protein, calcium, fast food and recognized dietary patterns. Diets such as Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet), Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and Alternate Healthy Eating Index diet (AHEI) were associated with 15–38% reduced relative risk of GDM. In contrast, frequent consumption of potato, meat/processed meats, and protein (% energy) derived from animal sources was associated with an increased risk of GDM. Compared to no PA, any pre-pregnancy or early pregnancy PA was associated with 30% and 21% reduced odds of GDM, respectively. Engaging in >90 min/week of leisure time PA before pregnancy was associated with 46% decreased odds of GDM. We conclude that diets resembling MedDiet/DASH diet as well as higher PA levels before or in early pregnancy were associated with lower risks or odds of GDM respectively. The systematic review was registered at PROSPERO (www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO) as CRD42016027795.
Preconception diet, fertility, and later health in pregnancy.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Women should enter pregnancy in the best possible health. There is increasing recognition of the importance of nutrition for reproductive health; however, key dietary factors in relation to optimizing fertility are nonexistent. The purpose of this review is to investigate dietary factors, preconception, and the association with fertility and later health in pregnancy. RECENT FINDINGS: This article summarizes recent literature assessing preconception dietary intake and the association with fertility, time to pregnancy, and also the relationship with polycystic ovary syndrome and gestational diabetes; these conditions associate with each other, and also with infertility. The impact of paternal diet is also reported. SUMMARY: There is recent interest investigating diet and time to pregnancy, suggesting higher intakes of fruit, minimal intake of fast food and sugar sweetened beverages, and a diet lower in glycemic load, may improve time to pregnancy. There is minimal recent literature on paternal diet and impact on fertility. Present advice to women with polycystic ovary syndrome is in line with international recommendations for lifestyle management to improve reproductive outcomes; and for gestational diabetes, prepregnancy may be an optimal time to improve dietary intakes, particularly through consumption of an overall healthy dietary pattern or a Mediterranean-style dietary pattern.
Dietary Patterns and Fertility.; Diet has a key role in the reproductive axis both in males and females. This review aims to analyze the impacts of different dietary patterns on fertility. It appears that the Mediterranean diet has a predominantly protective role against infertility, while the Western diet seems to be a risk factor for infertility. Moreover, we focus attention also on dietary patterns in different countries of the World (Middle Eastern diet, Asian diet). In particular, when analyzing single nutrients, a diet rich in saturated fatty acids, cholesterol, animal proteins, and carbohydrates with high glycemic index is highly associated with male and female infertility. Finally, we evaluate the effects of vegetarian, vegan, and ketogenic diets on fertility, which seem to be still unclear. We believe that comprehension of the molecular mechanisms involved in infertility will lead to more effective and targeted treatments for infertile couples.
The Bones of Children With Obesity.; Excess adiposity in childhood may affect bone development, ultimately leading to bone frailty. Previous reports showing an increased rate of extremity fractures in children with obesity support this fear. On the other hand, there is also evidence suggesting that bone mineral content is higher in obese children than in normal weight peers. Both adipocytes and osteoblasts derive from multipotent mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) and obesity drives the differentiation of MSCs toward adipocytes at the expense of osteoblast differentiation. Furthermore, adipocytes in bone marrow microenvironment release a number of pro-inflammatory and immunomodulatory molecules that up-regulate formation and activation of osteoclasts, thus favoring bone frailty. On the other hand, body adiposity represents a mechanical load, which is beneficial for bone accrual. In this frame, bone quality, and structure result from the balance of inflammatory and mechanical stimuli. Diet, physical activity and the hormonal milieu at puberty play a pivotal role on this balance. In this review, we will address the question whether the bone of obese children and adolescents is unhealthy in comparison with normal-weight peers and discuss mechanisms underlying the differences in bone quality and structure. We anticipate that many biases and confounders affect the clinical studies conducted so far and preclude us from achieving robust conclusions. Sample-size, lack of adequate controls, heterogeneity of study designs are the major drawbacks of the existing reports. Due to the increased body size of children with obesity, dual energy absorptiometry might overestimate bone mineral density in these individuals. Magnetic resonance imaging, peripheral quantitative CT (pQCT) scanning and high-resolution pQCT are promising techniques for the accurate estimate of bone mineral content in obese children. Moreover, no longitudinal study on the risk of incident osteoporosis in early adulthood of children and adolescents with obesity is available. Finally, we will address emerging dietary issues (i.e., the likely benefits for the bone health of polyunsaturated fatty acids and polyphenols) since an healthy diet (i.e., the Mediterranean diet) with balanced intake of certain nutrients associated with physical activity remain the cornerstones for achieving an adequate bone accrual in young individuals regardless of their adiposity degree.
Evidenced-Based Nutrition for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To review the latest evidence for dietary interventions for treatment of gestational diabetes (GDM). RECENT FINDINGS: High-quality systematic reviews demonstrate no major advantages between the low-carbohydrate or calorie-restricted diets. However, the low glycemic index (GI) diet, characterized by intake of high-quality, complex carbohydrates, demonstrated lower insulin use and reduced risk of macrosomia in multiple reviews. Recent evidence suggests the Mediterranean diet is safe in pregnancy, though trials are needed to determine its efficacy over conventional dietary advice. Currently, there are insufficient data to support the safety of the ketogenic diet for the treatment of GDM. The low GI diet may improve maternal and neonatal outcomes in GDM. The liberalized carbohydrate intake is less restrictive, culturally adaptable, and may improve long-term maternal adherence. Further research is needed to establish the optimal, most sustainable, and most acceptable medical nutrition therapy for management of women with GDM.
Diet and Male Fertility: The Impact of Nutrients and Antioxidants on Sperm Energetic Metabolism.; Diet might affect male reproductive potential, but the biochemical mechanisms involved in the modulation of sperm quality remain poorly understood. While a Western diet is considered a risk factor for male infertility, the Mediterranean diet seems to protect against male infertility; moreover, the role of a vegetarian habitus in the preservation of sperm quality is controversial. The aim of this review is to analyze the molecular effects of single nutrients on sperm quality, focusing on their involvement in biochemical mechanisms related to sperm bioenergetics. It appears that diets rich in saturated fatty acids (SFA) and low in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) negatively affect sperm quality, whereas unsaturated fatty acids supplementation ameliorates sperm quality. In fact, the administration of PUFA, especially omega-3 PUFA, determined an increase in mitochondrial energetic metabolism and a reduction in oxidative damage. Carbohydrates and proteins are also nutritional modulators of oxidative stress and testosterone levels, which are strictly linked to sperm mitochondrial function, a key element for sperm quality. Moreover, many dietary natural polyphenols differentially affect (positively or negatively) the mitochondrial function, depending on their concentration. We believe that an understanding of the biochemical mechanisms responsible for sperm quality will lead to more targeted and effective therapeutics for male infertility.
Can Dietary Patterns Impact Fertility Outcomes? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; There are conflicting results on the effect of diet on fertility. This study aimed to assess the effect of different dietary patterns on fertility outcomes in populations who conceive spontaneously and those requiring assisted reproductive technology (ART). A systematic search and meta-analysis were performed for studies investigating dietary patterns or whole diets in reproductive aged women requiring ART or conceived naturally. Outcomes were live births, pregnancy rates and infertility rates. In amount of 15,396 studies were screened with 11 eligible studies. Ten different diet patterns were grouped broadly into categories: Mediterranean, Healthy or Unhealthy. For the Mediterranean diet, on excluding high risk-of-bias studies (n = 3), higher adherence was associated with improved live birth/pregnancy rates in ART [OR 1.91 (95% CI 1.14-3.19, I(2) 43%)] (n = 2). Adherence to various Healthy diets was associated with improved ART outcomes (ProFertility diet and Dutch Dietary Guidelines) and natural conception outcomes (Fertility diet). However, due to the variability in Healthy diets' components, results were not pooled. Studies demonstrated preliminary evidence for the role of dietary patterns or whole diets in improving pregnancy and live birth rates. However, due to heterogeneity across the literature it is currently unclear which diet patterns are associated with improvements in fertility and ART outcomes.
Mediterranean diet and female reproductive health over lifespan: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of the effects of Mediterranean diet on female reproductive health outcomes over the life-course. DATA SOURCES: We searched PubMed, Embase, MEDLINE, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), and ClinicalTrials.gov to identify eligible studies published till February 2022. Eligible references from identified studies and review articles were also considered. STUDY ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: Randomized controlled trials, prospective cohort studies, or nested case-control studies examining Mediterranean diet and major female reproductive outcomes over the lifespan, including clinical outcomes from childhood to adulthood (menarche, polycystic ovary syndrome, endometriosis, and outcomes related to fertility, pregnancy, and menopause), were included for review. METHODS: Two independent reviewers screened and performed data extraction and risk-of-bias assessment. We performed random-effects meta-analysis to obtain summary relative risks and 95% confidence intervals for major female reproductive outcomes. Subgroup analyses were performed for several pregnancy outcomes according to timing of the interventions for randomized controlled trials and timing of the dietary assessment for observational studies. RESULTS: Thirty-two studies (9 randomized controlled trials, 22 prospective cohort studies, and 1 nested case-control study) involving 103,204 predominantly White women (>95%) were included. The pooled relative risk (95% confidence interval) comparing randomization to Mediterranean diet vs a control diet based on 7 randomized controlled trials was 0.74 (0.55-0.99) for gestational diabetes mellitus, 0.45 (0.26-0.76) for preterm birth, 0.71 (0.51-1.00) for gestational hypertension, and 0.82 (0.54-1.22) for preeclampsia; the effect sizes for preterm birth were greater in randomized controlled trials that initiated the interventions in first trimester vs after first trimester (P heterogeneity=.02). We observed inverse associations for all the above-mentioned pregnancy outcomes based on 9 cohort studies. There was suggestive evidence of favorable associations between Mediterranean diet adherence with fertility and gestational weight management. Limited studies suggested associations between higher Mediterranean diet adherence and later time to menarche and fewer vasomotor menopausal symptoms, null associations for polycystic ovary syndrome-like phenotype and pregnancy loss, and positive associations for luteal phase deficiency. CONCLUSION: Adherence to Mediterranean diet may lower risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes among predominantly White populations. For fertility-related outcomes, available evidence supporting potential beneficial effects is suggestive yet limited. For other reproductive outcomes across the lifespan, data remains sparse.
Mediterranean Diet: What Are the Consequences for Menopause?; Menopause is a natural event occurring in a woman's life that is often accompanied by symptoms that might affect the quality of life. Diet has been shown to influence menopausal-related symptoms. Therefore, the present study aimed to investigate whether the adherence to the Mediterranean Diet (MD) might influence menopausal symptoms in women with obesity. This cross-sectional study involved postmenopausal women with obesity. Anthropometric and clinical parameters, and lifestyle habits were evaluated. All participants underwent interview questionnaires to assess: the adherence to the MD (PREDI PREvencion con DIetaMEDiterranea, PREDIMED), sleep quality (Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, PSQI), and severity of menopausal symptoms (Menopausal Rating Scale, MRS). One hundred postmenopausal women were enrolled (age 57.1 ± 7.3 years, BMI 35.0 ± 5.5 kg/m(2)). The mean PREDIMED score was 7.82 ± 1.66 showing moderate adherence to MD. Women in the marked MRS class had a significantly lower PREDIMED score than the none-to-moderate MRS class (p=0.036). The intake of legumes was associated with a lower MRS class (r= -0.201, p=0.045). In addition, the intake of extra-virgin olive oil inversely correlated with psychological symptoms (r= -0.230 p=0.021). Finally, 79% of participants were poor sleepers (mean PSQI score was 8.68 ± 3.6) and women in the severe MRS class had a worse sleep quality compared to other MRS classes. Post-menopausal women with marked menopausal symptoms had low adherence to MD. Legume consumption was associated with lower menopausal symptoms severity while extra virgin olive oil consumption was associated with lower psychological symptoms.
How Food Choices Impact on Male Fertility.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Increasing evidence on the significance of nutrition in reproduction is emerging from both animal and human studies, suggesting an association between nutrition and male fertility. Here, we have highlighted the impact of the various food groups on reproductive hormones and on spermatogenesis, and the effects of classical and latest dietary patterns such as Mediterranean diet, Western diet, intermittent fasting, ketogenic diet, and vegan/vegetarian diet on male fertility. RECENT FINDINGS: Nutrients are the precursors of molecules involved in various body's reactions; therefore, their balance is essential to ensure the correct regulation of different systems including the endocrine system. Hormones are strongly influenced by the nutritional status of the individual, and their alteration can lead to dysfunctions or diseases like infertility. In addition, nutrients affect sperm production and spermatogenesis, controlling sexual development, and maintaining secondary sexual characteristics and behaviors. The consumption of fruit, vegetables, fish, processed meats, dairy products, sugars, alcohol, and caffeine importantly impact on male fertility. Among dietary patterns, the Mediterranean diet and the Western diet are most strongly associated with the quality of semen. Nutrients, dietary patterns, and hormonal levels have an impact on male infertility. Therefore, understanding how these factors interact with each other is important for strategies to improve male fertility.
The Influence of Diet on Ovulation Disorders in Women-A Narrative Review.; Female infertility is commonly due to ovulation disorders. They are mostly related to polycystic ovary syndrome, which is currently viewed as one of the most common endocrine disorders in women of reproductive age. Ovulation-related female fertility is influenced by multiple factors which may include: age, smoking cigarettes, stress, use of psychoactive substances, and physical activity. Moreover, diet-related factors play an important role in the regulation of ovulation. Dietary components that exert a positive influence on ovulation include: carbohydrate products with low glycemic index, plant protein, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids, folic acid, vitamin D, antioxidants, and iron. A diet based on the structure of the Mediterranean diet also seems beneficial. Components that have a negative influence mostly include high glycemic index carbohydrates, large amounts of animal protein, saturated fatty acids, and trans fatty acids, which are typically found in the Western model of nutrition. Due to the paucity of studies that presented a direct link between nutrition and the risk of anovulatory infertility, this study aimed to summarize the most recent research on the influence of dietary factors on ovulation disorders and indicate the possibilities of future research.
Detection, treatment and prevention programs for gestational diabetes mellitus: The St Carlos experience.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of adverse events in pregnancy and jeopardizes long-term health of the mother and offspring. There is currently no consensus as to what screening strategies improve the efficiency of GDM diagnosis. Which criteria should be used? Is the one-step or two-step procedure better? There is no agreement as to what the best dietary approach in the treatment of GDM is. In addition, different nutritional interventions have been studied in the prevention of GDM. The Mediterranean diet seems to be effective in preventing GDM and other maternofoetal outcomes. We review herein our experience using the one-step criteria for GDM screening; the treatment and prevention strategies used; and the overall impact of nutrition on maternofoetal health.
The Mediterranean Diet in Osteoporosis Prevention: An Insight in a Peri- and Post-Menopausal Population.; Osteoporosis represent a widespread public health problem. The management and prevention of osteoporosis and related low energy fractures start with a correct lifestyle and proper nutrition. Several different nutrients are essential for bone and mineral metabolism, especially calcium. Nevertheless, a well-balanced nutrition, such as Mediterranean diet (MD), proved to be beneficial for several chronic diseases and also fragility fractures resulted lower in the Mediterranean area. A prospective observational study in a population of two hundred peri- and post-menopausal women (aged 30-80 years) was developed at Careggi hospital, Florence. Both MD adherence and dietary calcium intake were evaluated in occasion of a "first visit" and a "follow-up" visit, through validated questionnaires. From a descriptive point of view, although not statistically significant, in both visits a slight increase in calcium intake was observed for high adherence to MD diet. Moreover, a short nutritional interview (20 min) was applied in our population and demonstrated to be sufficient to significantly improve MD adherence level (mean score at T(0) = 6.98 ± 1.74 and T(1) = 7.53 ± 1.68), opening promising paths in osteoporosis prevention.
Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet in Women and Reproductive Health across the Lifespan: A Narrative Review.; The Mediterranean diet (MD) has been previously proven to have various health-related benefits; however, its effect on women's reproductive health over a lifespan is yet to be summarized. This study aimed to summarize the evidence-based knowledge regarding the association between the MD and selected reproductive health outcomes. By searching PubMed, ScienceDirect, and Google Scholar databases, as well as reference lists, 21 studies were included in this narrative review. The available evidence was very limited; however, there is some suggestion that higher adherence to the MD may be positively associated with a lower risk of early age menarche (1 study) and shorter menstrual cycles (1 study), but is unrelated to dysmenorrhea (1 study). Moreover, no study to date has examined the relationship between the MD and the onset age of natural menopause. Considering reproductive health diseases, there was limited evidence that a higher adherence to the MD was associated with a lower risk of premenstrual syndrome (1 study), an improvement in sexual health and a lower prevalence of sexual dysfunction (3 studies), and an improvement in the general condition of with endometriosis and the pain they can experience (1 study). The largest number of studies were found for polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS; 7 studies) and infertility (6 studies). Results showed that a higher adherence to the MD was associated with a lower risk of infertility, while results for PCOS were unclear, but mostly indicated a beneficial trend. Further investigations are necessary to establish the role of adherence to the MD in reproductive health maintenance and its possible role in the prevention and treatment of reproductive health diseases in women.
Popular Diets and Skin Effects: A Narrative Review.; Numerous diets for losing weight, building strength, and managing a range of cardiovascular, neurologic, and skin diseases have become popular in recent years. The ketogenic diet and intermittent fasting in particular have shown promising results in clinical and sports medicine. The Mediterranean diet, in turn, is widely recognized for its numerous health benefits. Also popular are the paleo diet and vegan and gluten-free diets. Positive effects on inflammatory conditions, such as psoriasis, atopic dermatitis, hidradenitis suppurativa, and acne, have been observed in patients who practice intermittent fasting or follow ketogenic or Mediterranean diets. This last choice may also protect against certain skin cancers. We review the role of several popular diets in the management of skin disorders.
Relationship between Diet, Menstrual Pain and other Menstrual Characteristics among Spanish Students.; This study sought to describe and compare adherence to the Mediterranean diet and consumption of local foods from the Huelva region among Spanish university women in relation to menstrual pain and other menstrual characteristics. This cross-sectional study included 311 health science students. The study variables were sociodemographic and gynecologic characteristics, adherence to the Mediterranean diet using the KIDMED questionnaire, alcohol consumption (SDU) and consumption of local food. A descriptive bivariate analysis and multiple binary regression were performed for menstrual pain. Up to 55.3% of participants had moderate adherence to the Mediterranean diet and only 29.6% had high adherence. Women with low adherence had longer menstrual cycles (p < 0.01). Eating less than two pieces of fruit per day (OR = 3.574; 95%CI = 1.474-8.665; p < 0.05) and eating pulses more than one day a week (OR = 2.320; 95%CI = 1.006-5.348) raised the probability of suffering menstrual pain. A positive correlation between SDU and cycle length was identified (r = 0.119, p = 0.038), and menstrual bleeding was lower in women who consumed olive oil daily (p = 0.044). In conclusion, the Mediterranean diet, alcohol consumption and consuming typical foods from southern Spain appear to influence cycle length, menstrual flow and menstrual pain. Further research is necessary to confirm and expand these findings.
Effects of Mediterranean Diet or Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction on Prevention of Small-for-Gestational Age Birth Weights in Newborns Born to At-Risk Pregnant Individuals: The IMPACT BCN Randomized Clinical Trial.; IMPORTANCE: Being born small for gestational age (SGA) is a leading cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality with no effective prevention or therapy. Maternal suboptimal nutrition and high stress levels have been associated with poor fetal growth and adverse pregnancy outcomes. OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether structured interventions based on a Mediterranean diet or mindfulness-based stress reduction (stress reduction) in high-risk pregnancies can reduce the percentage of newborns who were born SGA and other adverse pregnancy outcomes. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Parallel-group randomized clinical trial conducted at a university hospital in Barcelona, Spain, including 1221 individuals with singleton pregnancies (19-23 weeks' gestation) at high risk for SGA. Enrollment took place from February 1, 2017, to October 10, 2019, with follow-up until delivery (final follow-up on March 1, 2020). INTERVENTIONS: Participants in the Mediterranean diet group (n = 407) received 2 hours monthly of individual and group educational sessions and free provision of extra-virgin olive oil and walnuts. Individuals in the stress reduction group (n = 407) underwent an 8-week stress reduction program adapted for pregnancy, consisting of weekly 2.5-hour sessions and 1 full-day session. Individuals in the usual care group (n = 407) received pregnancy care per institutional protocols. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary end point was the percentage of newborns who were SGA at delivery, defined as birth weight below the 10th percentile. The secondary end point was a composite adverse perinatal outcome (at least 1 of the following: preterm birth, preeclampsia, perinatal mortality, severe SGA, neonatal acidosis, low Apgar score, or presence of any major neonatal morbidity). RESULTS: Among the 1221 randomized individuals (median [IQR] age, 37 [34-40] years), 1184 (97%) completed the trial (392 individuals assigned to the Mediterranean diet group, 391 to the stress reduction group, and 401 to the usual care group). SGA occurred in 88 newborns (21.9%) in the control group, 55 (14.0%) in the Mediterranean diet group (odds ratio [OR], 0.58 [95% CI, 0.40-0.84]; risk difference [RD], -7.9 [95% CI, -13.6 to -2.6]; P = .004), and 61 (15.6%) in the stress reduction group (OR, 0.66 [95% CI, 0.46-0.94]; RD, -6.3 [95% CI, -11.8 to -0.9]; P = .02). The composite adverse perinatal outcome occurred in 105 newborns (26.2%) in the control group, 73 (18.6%) in the Mediterranean diet group (OR, 0.64 [95% CI, 0.46-0.90]; RD, -7.6 [95% CI, -13.4 to -1.8]; P = .01), and 76 (19.5%) in the stress reduction group (OR, 0.68 [95% CI, 0.49-0.95]; RD, -6.8 [95% CI, -12.6 to -0.3]; P = .02). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this randomized trial conducted at a single institution in Spain, treating pregnant individuals at high risk for SGA with a structured Mediterranean diet or with mindfulness-based stress reduction, compared with usual care, significantly reduced the percentage of newborns with birth weight below the 10th percentile. Due to important study limitations, these findings should be considered preliminary and require replication, as well as assessment in additional patient populations, before concluding that these treatments should be recommended to patients. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03166332.
Mediterranean Diet and Oxidative Stress: A Relationship with Pain Perception in Endometriosis.; BACKGROUND: Endometriosis is a chronic and inflammatory disease associated with pelvic pain. Dietary changes may be therapeutic for chronic inflammatory processes, reducing visceral input. The aim was to evaluate the role of dietary changes according to the Mediterranean Diet (MD) on pain perception in endometriosis and their relationship with oxidative stress. METHODS: in this prospective study, we included 35 endometriosis women. At baseline (T0) and after 3 (T1) and 6 (T2) months from the start of the diet, we investigated pain intensity with VAS (Visual Analogue Scale, from 0 to 10), vitamin profile, and oxidative stress. RESULTS: we found a significant increase in the diet score (p < 0.001). At T1, patients reduced pain in terms of dyspareunia (p = 0.04), non-menstrual pelvic pain (p = 0.06), dysuria (p = 0.04), and dyschezia (p < 0.001). Dyspareunia (p = 0.002) and dyschezia (p < 0.001) were further significantly reduced also at T2. We observed a significant positive correlation between lipid peroxidation and VAS non-menstrual pelvic pain and dysuria and a significant negative correlation between Oxygen radical absorbance capacity and VAS non-menstrual pain and dyschezia. CONCLUSIONS: our findings show a clear tendency toward a relationship between pain relief in endometriosis and MD. This appears promising to treat endometriosis-related symptoms and could be considered a new effective strategy for chronic pain management in the long term.
Mediterranean diet as medical prescription in menopausal women with obesity: a practical guide for nutritionists.; Menopausal transition is associated with weight gain and increased visceral fat distribution, which acts as an endocrine organ secreting the pro-inflammatory adipocytokines, which leads to metabolic disorders typical of menopause, including type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Given the increasing number of aging population, the nutritional strategies to prevent obesity and obesity-related diseases in menopausal women is becoming a growing need and it should be one of the main objective for Nutritionists. The Mediterranean diet is characterized from foods with anti-inflammatory and antioxidant actions, such as extra-virgin olive oil, vegetables, fruits, legumes, nuts, red wine, and whole-grain cereals. Several evidences showed that the Mediterranean diet acts on both weight control and menopause, in addition to the known effects of the Mediterranean diet on cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. The Mediterranean diet is comparable with pharmacological interventions in terms of reducing the risk of obesity and cardiovascular and metabolic events. Considering that there are no specific dietary guidelines to manage weight in menopause, the aim of this review is to provide a nutritional guideline for the management of weight in menopause, particularly focusing on the Mediterranean diet.
Dietary patterns and outcomes of assisted reproduction.; BACKGROUND: There is growing acceptance that nutrition may be related to fertility and specifically to assisted reproductive technologies success in women; however, there is still no specific dietary guidance. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to evaluate the relationship between pretreatment adherence to various dietary patterns and outcomes of assisted reproductive technologies. STUDY DESIGN: We followed up 357 women enrolled in the prospective Environment and Reproductive Health (EARTH) study, who underwent 608 assisted reproductive technologies cycles (2007-2017). Using a validated food frequency questionnaire completed prior to treatment, we assessed adherence to the Mediterranean diet, the alternate Healthy Eating Index 2010, the Fertility Diet (developed based on risk factors for anovulatory infertility), and a profertility diet we developed based on factors previously related to assisted reproductive technologies outcomes (higher intake of supplemental folic acid, vitamin B12, vitamin D, low- rather than high-pesticide residue produce, whole grains, dairy, soy foods, and seafood rather than other meats). RESULTS: Higher adherence to the alternate Healthy Eating Index 2010 and Fertility Diet was not related to live birth following assisted reproductive technologies. Women in the second through the fourth quartiles of Mediterranean diet adherence had significantly higher probability of live birth (0.44, 95% confidence interval, 0.39-0.49) compared with women in the first quartile (0.31, 95% confidence interval, 0.25-0.39); however, there was no additional benefit of adherence to the Mediterranean diet above the second quartile. Increased adherence to the profertility diet was linearly associated with assisted reproductive technologies outcomes. The adjusted odds (95% confidence interval) of implantation, clinical pregnancy, and live birth were higher by 47% (21%, 77%), 43% (19%, 72%), and 53% (26%, 85%), respectively, per SD increase. The adjusted difference in the proportion of cycles resulting in live birth for women in the fourth vs first quartile of adherence to the profertility diet was 0.28 (95% confidence interval, 0.16-0.38). While the profertility diet was not related to estradiol levels, oocyte counts, or endometrial thickness, it was inversely associated with clinical pregnancy loss (odds ratio, 0.69, 95% confidence interval, 0.53-0.90 per SD increase). CONCLUSION: Higher pretreatment adherence to the profertility diet was associated with an increased probability of live birth among women undergoing assisted reproductive technologies. Commonly recommended dietary advice such as adhering to the Mediterranean diet may not provide the most appropriate guidance for women undergoing infertility treatment in the United States.
I Am the 1 in 10-What Should I Eat? A Research Review of Nutrition in Endometriosis.; Endometriosis is a chronic, painful, estrogen-related inflammatory disease that affects approximately 10% of the female population. Endometriosis has a significant negative impact on quality of life. Nutrition may be involved in the development and severity of endometriosis. The purpose of this paper is to discuss in detail the nutritional recommendations for patients with endometriosis. This article discusses the importance of nutrients such as polyphenols, vitamins C, D and E, PUFAs, and iron in the development of endometriosis. Alternative diets, such as the Mediterranean, anti-inflammatory, vegetarian, low-nickel and low-FODMAP diets, have also been presented in the context of their potential beneficial effects on the course of endometriosis.
Nutritional supplements and IVF: an evidence-based approach.; Many women undergoing IVF take supplements during treatment. The purpose of this review was to systematically review these nutritional supplements. The therapies studied are dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), melatonin, co-enzyme Q10 (CoQ1O), carnitine, selenium, vitamin D, myo-inositol, omega-3, Chinese herbs and dietary interventions. A literature search up to May 2023 was undertaken. The data suggest that a simple nutritional approach would be to adopt a Mediterranean diet. With regards to supplements to treat a potential poor ovarian response to ovarian stimulation, starting DHEA and COQ-10 before cycle commencement is better than control therapies. Furthermore, medication with CoQ10 may have some merit, although it is unclear whether its place is for older women, for those with a poor response to ovarian stimulation or for poor embryonic development. There appears a benefit for some IVF outcomes for the use of melatonin, although it is unclear what group of patients would derive the benefit and the appropriate dosing regimen. For women with polycystic ovary syndrome, there may be a benefit to the use of myo-inositol, although again the dosing regimen is unclear. Furthermore, the place of vitamin D supplementation has yet to be clarified, and supplementation with omega-3 free fatty acids may lead to improvements in clinical and embryological IVF outcomes.
The Impact of Mediterranean Dietary Patterns During Pregnancy on Maternal and Offspring Health.; (1) Background: Pregnancy outcomes for both mother and child are affected by many environmental factors. The importance of pregnancy for 'early life programming' is well established and maternal nutrition is an important factor contributing to a favourable environment for developing offspring. We aim to assess whether following a Mediterranean Diet during pregnancy is beneficial for maternal and offspring outcomes; (2) Methods: a systematic review was performed using standardized reporting guidelines with the National Heart Lung and Blood Iinstitute quality assessment tool for selection and extraction; (3) Results: results show that being on a Mediterranean Diet during pregnancy is associated with favourable outcomes for both maternal and offspring health, particularly for gestational diabetes in mothers and congenital defects in offspring (4) Conclusions: Following a Mediterranean dietary pattern during gestation is beneficial for the health of both the mother and offspring. Pregnant women and those trying to conceive should be advised to follow a Mediterranean Diet to potentially decrease, for example, the likelihood of atopy (OR 0.55) in the offspring and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in the mother (OR 0.73).
Assessing the influence of preconception diet on female fertility: a systematic scoping review of observational studies.; BACKGROUND: Preconception diet is a proposed modifiable risk factor for infertility. However, there is no official guidance for women in the preconception period as to which dietary approaches may improve fertility. OBJECTIVE AND RATIONALE: A comprehensive synthesis of the relevant evidence is key to determine the potentially effective dietary patterns and components as well as evidence gaps, and to provide information for nutritional recommendations for couples planning a pregnancy. SEARCH METHODS: In this systematic scoping review, four electronic databases (Medline and EMBASE via Ovid processing, CAB Direct, and CINAHL via EBSCO) were searched for observational studies (prospective and retrospective cohort, cross-sectional, and case-control studies) from inception to 27 September 2021. Eligible studies included women of reproductive age during the preconception period, and evaluated exposures related to preconception diet and outcomes related to fertility. Results were synthesized using a descriptive approach. OUTCOMES: A total of 36 studies were eligible for inclusion (31 prospective, 3 cross-sectional, and 2 case-control studies) and were published between 2007 and 2022. Of the assessed dietary exposures, increased adherence to the Mediterranean diet displayed the strongest and most consistent association with improved clinical pregnancy rates. Reducing trans fatty acids (TFAs), saturated fatty acids, and discretionary food intake (fast food and sugar-sweetened beverages) were associated with improvements in live birth, clinical pregnancy rates, and related ART outcomes. The dietary components of seafood, dairy, and soy demonstrated inconsistent findings across the few included studies. WIDER IMPLICATIONS: Due to heterogeneity and the limited available literature on most exposures, there is insufficient evidence to support any specific dietary approach for improving fertility. However, following some of the dietary approaches outlined in this review (anti-inflammatory diets, reducing TFA, and discretionary food intake) are consistent with broad healthy eating guidelines, have little to no associated risk, and offer a plausible set of possible benefits. This warrants further exploration in randomized controlled trials.
Mediterranean Diet Combined With a Low-Carbohydrate Dietary Pattern in the Treatment of Overweight Polycystic Ovary Syndrome Patients.; OBJECTIVES: To determine the therapeutic effect of a Mediterranean diet (MED) combined with a low-carbohydrate (LC) dietary model in overweight polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) patients. METHODS: In this 12-week randomized controlled clinical trial, 72 overweight patients with PCOS were randomly assigned to one of two energy-restricted dietary models: the MED/LC diet or the Low fat (LF) diet. After the intervention, the number of the two groups returned to normal menstruation was counted. Body weight, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, waist-hip ratio (WHR), body fat percentage (BF%), serum fasting insulin(FINS), fasting plasma glucose(FPG), insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR), quantitative insulin sensitivity index (QUIKI), total cholesterol (TC) and high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), triglyceride (TG), total testosterone (TT), luteinizing hormone (LH), follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), and prolactin (PRL) were compared between 2 groups before and after intervention. RESULTS: MED/LC group had more significant reduction trend in weight (-6.10 ± 1.52 kg vs -4.79 ± 0.97 kg, P < 0.05), BMI (-2.12 ± 0.57 kg/m(2) vs -1.78 ± 0.36 kg/m(2), P < 0.05), WC (-6.12 ± 5.95 cm vs -3.90 ± 1.58 cm, P < 0.05), WHR (-0.06 ± 0.02 vs -0.03 ± 0.02, P < 0.05), BF% (-2.97% ± 1.78% vs -1.19% ± 0.91%, P < 0.05), TT (-0.20 ± 0.24 ng/mL vs 0.08 ± 0.11 ng/Ml, P < 0.001), LH (-5.28 ± 3.31 mIU/mL vs -3.39 ± 3.64 mIU/mL, P < 0.05), and LH/FSH (-1.18 ± 0.75 vs -0.66 ± 1.05, P < 0.05) compared with the LF group. In addition, FPG (0.05 ± 0.38 mmol/mL vs -0.50 ± 1.01 mmol/mL, P < 0.001), FINS (-4.88 ± 6.11 μU/mL vs -8.53 ± 5.61 μU/mL, P < 0.01), HOMA-IR index (-1.11 ± 1.51 vs -2.23 ± 0.25, P < 0.05), and QUIKI index (0.014 ± 0.016 vs 0.028 ± 0.019, P < 0.05) decreased significantly in the MED/LC group compared with the LF group. Comparing the changes in lipid parameters between the two groups (LF vs MED/LC), significant differences in TG (-0.33 ± 0.32 mmol vs -0.76 ± 0.97 mmol, P < 0.05), TC (-0.40 ± 1.00 mmol vs -1.45 ± 2.00 mmol, P < 0.05), and LDL-C (-0.41 ± 1.05 mmol vs -0.73 ± 0.76 mmol, P < 0.05) were observed. CONCLUSION: The results of this study suggest that the MED/LC diet model is a good treatment for overweight PCOS patients, significantly restoring their menstrual cycle, improving their anthropometric parameters and correcting their disturbed endocrine levels, and its overall effectiveness is significantly better than the LF diet model. Therefore, this study recommends that the MED/LC diet model can be used in the clinical treatment of patients with overweight PCOS.
Short-time effects of ketogenic diet or modestly hypocaloric Mediterranean diet on overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome.; INTRODUCTION: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder in women during reproductive age. It is characterized clinically by oligo-ovulation or anovulation, hyper-androgenism, and the presence of polycystic ovaries. Often comorbid with insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and obesity, it also carries significant risk for the development of cardio-vascular and metabolic sequelae, including diabetes and metabolic syndrome. In light of these evidences, the most therapeutic option prescribed to PCOS women with obesity, regardless of the phenotype from the severity of clinical expression, is lifestyle correction by diet and physical activity. PURPOSE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between PCOS with KD in overweight and/or obese women with PCOS, and evaluate the possible beneficial effects on metabolic and endocrine parameters, compared to a standard, balanced hypocaloric diet such as Mediterranean diet (MD). METHODS: Participants were assigned to receive, in a 1:1 ratio, one of the two following dietary sequences: KD or MD. In all subjects anthropometric parameters, body composition and metabolic and endocrine parameters were obtained at baseline and after dietetic treatment. RESULTS: Our results showed a significant change in the anthropometric and biochemical parameters in both groups after both diet therapies, with statistically significant differences (p < 0.001). Though, the reductions of all parameters were significantly greater in KD group than in MD group. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that a reduction of dietary intake of carbohydrates by KD may be considered as a valuable non-pharmacological treatment for PCOS.
Mediterranean-style diet in pregnant women with metabolic risk factors (ESTEEM): A pragmatic multicentre randomised trial.; BACKGROUND: Pregnant women with metabolic risk factors are at high risk of complications. We aimed to assess whether a Mediterranean-style diet reduces adverse pregnancy outcomes in high-risk women. METHODS AND FINDINGS: We conducted a multicentre randomised trial in 5 maternity units (4 in London and 1 in Birmingham) between 12 September 2014 and 29 February 2016. We randomised inner-city pregnant women with metabolic risk factors (obesity, chronic hypertension, or hypertriglyceridaemia) to a Mediterranean-style diet with high intake of nuts, extra virgin olive oil, fruits, vegetables, nonrefined grains, and legumes; moderate to high consumption of fish; low to moderate intake of poultry and dairy products; low intake of red and processed meat; and avoidance of sugary drinks, fast food, and food rich in animal fat versus usual care. Participants received individualised dietary advice at 18, 20, and 28 weeks' gestation. The primary endpoints were composite maternal (gestational diabetes or preeclampsia) and composite offspring (stillbirth, small for gestational age, or admission to neonatal care unit) outcomes prioritised by a Delphi survey. We used an intention-to-treat (ITT) analysis with multivariable models and identified the stratification variables and prognostic factors a priori. We screened 7,950 and randomised 1,252 women. Baseline data were available for 593 women in the intervention (93.3% follow-up, 553/593) and 612 in the control (95.6% follow-up, 585/612) groups. Over a quarter of randomised women were primigravida (330/1,205; 27%), 60% (729/1,205) were of Black or Asian ethnicity, and 69% (836/1,205) were obese. Women in the intervention arm consumed more nuts (70.1% versus 22.9%; adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 6.8, 95% confidence interval [CI] 4.3-10.6, p ≤ 0.001) and extra virgin olive oil (93.2% versus 49.0%; aOR 32.2, 95% CI 16.0-64.6, p ≤ 0.001) than controls; increased their intake of fish (p < 0.001), white meat (p < 0.001), and pulses (p = 0.05); and reduced their intake of red meat (p < 0.001), butter, margarine, and cream (p < 0.001). There was no significant reduction in the composite maternal (22.8% versus 28.6%; aOR 0.76, 95% CI 0.56-1.03, p = 0.08) or composite offspring (17.3% versus 20.9%; aOR 0.79, 95% CI 0.58-1.08, p = 0.14) outcomes. There was an apparent reduction in the odds of gestational diabetes by 35% (aOR 0.65, 95% CI 0.47-0.91, p = 0.01) but not in other individual components of the composite outcomes. Mothers gained less gestational weight (mean 6.8 versus 8.3 kg; adjusted difference -1.2 Kg, 95% CI -2.2 to -0.2, p = 0.03) with intervention versus control. There was no difference in any of the other maternal and offspring complications between both groups. When we pooled findings from the Effect of Simple, Targeted Diet in Pregnant Women With Metabolic Risk Factors on Pregnancy Outcomes (ESTEEM) trial with similar trials using random effects meta-analysis, we observed a significant reduction in gestational diabetes (odds ratio [OR] 0.67, 95% CI 0.53-0.84, I2 = 0%), with no heterogeneity (2 trials, 2,397 women). The study's limitations include the use of participant reported tools for adherence to the intervention instead of objective biomarkers. CONCLUSIONS: A simple, individualised, Mediterranean-style diet in pregnancy did not reduce the overall risk of adverse maternal and offspring complications but has the potential to reduce gestational weight gain and the risk of gestational diabetes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02218931.
Metabolically Healthy Obesity (MHO) vs. Metabolically Unhealthy Obesity (MUO) Phenotypes in PCOS: Association with Endocrine-Metabolic Profile, Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet, and Body Composition.; Obesity and obesity-related low-grade inflammation are common findings in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), the most common endocrine-metabolic disorder-affecting women in reproductive age. The terms metabolically healthy obese (MHO), and metabolically unhealthy obese (MUO) have been introduced to define individuals with obesity in whom cardio-metabolic risk factors are absent or present, respectively. To date, evidence investigating differences in body composition and adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) between MHO and MUO-PCOS women are lacking. Aim of this study was to better characterize the determinants of the metabolic health status in PCOS patients with obesity according to MHO and MUO phenotypes by evaluating endocrine-metabolic profile, inflammatory status, adherence to the MD, and body composition. The study population consisted of 94 treatment-naïve women with PCOS and obesity (BMI = 38.23 ± 6.62 kg/m(2) and age = 24.12 ± 3.68 years). Compared PCOS MHO with PCOS MUO patients, the latter had higher levels of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (p < 0.001), testosterone (p < 0.001), and insulin (p < 0.001), worse metabolic parameters, and higher Homeostatic Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HoMA-IR), Visceral Adiposity Index (VAI), and Fatty liver Index (FLI) (p < 0.001). Furthermore, PCOS MUO patients had lower adherence to the MD (p < 0.001) in spite of the same total energy intake (p = 0.102) as compared to PCOS MHO. The presence of MUO was associated with highest hs-CRP levels (OR = 1.49, p < 0.001), more severe hyperandrogenism and cardio-metabolic indices (p < 0.001). On the contrary, being PCOS MUO was associated with lower adherence to the MD (OR = 0.28, p < 0.001), and smaller PhAs (OR = 0.04, p < 0.001). Using a regression linear analysis model PREDIMED score entered at the first step (p < 0.001), followed by VAI (p < 0.001), and FLI (p = 0.032) in this analysis. At ROC analysis, a PREDIMED score of ≤4 (p < 0.001, AUC 0.926) could serve as a threshold for a significantly increased risk of presence the MUO-PCOS phenotype. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study that characterized MHO and MUO-PCOS women on the basis of their adherence to the MD, body composition, and cardio-metabolic indices, providing evidence of the usefulness of adjunctive diagnostic parameters to better differentiate the MHO/MHO phenotypes in this cohort of PCOS patients with obesity.
Effectiveness of Following Mediterranean Diet Recommendations in the Real World in the Incidence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) and Adverse Maternal-Foetal Outcomes: A Prospective, Universal, Interventional Study with a Single Group. The St Carlos Study.; We reported that a Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet), supplemented with extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO) and pistachios, reduces GDM incidence and several other adverse outcomes. In order to assess its translational effects in the real world we evaluated the effect of MedDiet from 1st gestational visit in GDM rate compared with control (CG) and intervention (IG) groups from the previously referred trial. As secondary objective we also compared adverse perinatal outcomes between normoglycemic and diabetic women. This trial is a prospective, clinic-based, interventional study with a single group. 1066 eligible normoglycaemic women before 12 gestational weeks were assessed. 932 women (32.4 ± 5.2 years old, pre-gestational BMI 22.5 ± 3.5 kg/m(2)) received a motivational lifestyle interview with emphasis on daily consumption of EVOO and nuts, were followed-up and analysed. Binary regression analyses were used to examine the risk for each pregnancy outcome, pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational weight gain (GWG), caesarean-section, perineal trauma, preterm delivery, small (SGA) and large for gestational age (LGA), and Neonatal Intensive Care Unit admissions. GDM was diagnosed in 13.9%. This rate was significantly lower than the CG: RR 0.81 (0.73-0.93), p < 0.001 and no different from the IG: RR 0.96 (0.85-1.07), p = 0.468. GWG was lower in diabetic women (10.88 ± 6.46 vs. 12.30 ± 5.42 Kg; p = 0.013). Excessive weight gain (EWG) was also lower in GDM [RR 0.91 (0.86-0.96); p < 0.001] without a significant increase of insufficient weight gain. LGA were also lower (1 (0.8%) vs. 31 (3.9%); p < 0.05)), and SGA were similar (5 (3.8%) vs. 30 (3.7%)). LGA were associated to EWG (RR 1.61 (1.35-1.91), p < 0.001). Differences in other maternal-foetal outcomes were not found. In conclusions an early MedDiet nutritional intervention reduces GDM incidence and maternal-foetal adverse outcomes and should be universally applied as 1st line therapy. GDM might not be consider as a high risk pregnancy any longer.
A Mediterranean diet with additional extra virgin olive oil and pistachios reduces the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): A randomized controlled trial: The St. Carlos GDM prevention study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevalence is increasing and becoming a major public health concern. Whether a Mediterranean diet can help prevent GDM in unselected pregnant women has yet to be studied. METHODS: We conducted a prospective, randomized controlled trial to evaluate the incidence of GDM with two different dietary models. All consecutive normoglycemic (<92 mg/dL) pregnant women at 8-12 gestational weeks (GW) were assigned to Intervention Group (IG, n = 500): MedDiet supplemented with extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) and pistachios; or Control Group (CG, n = 500): standard diet with limited fat intake. Primary outcome was to assess the effect of the intervention on GDM incidence at 24-28 GW. Gestational weight gain (GWG), pregnancy-induced hypertension, caesarean section (CS), preterm delivery, perineal trauma, small and large for gestational age (SGA and LGA) and admissions to neonatal intensive care unit were also assessed. Analysis was by intention-to-treat. RESULTS: A total of 874 women completed the study (440/434, CG/IG). According to nutritional questionnaires and biomarker analysis, women in the IG had a good adherence to the intervention. 177/874 women were diagnosed with GDM, 103/440 (23.4%) in CG and 74/434(17.1%) in IG, p = 0.012. The crude relative risk (RR) for GDM was 0.73 (95% CI: 0.56-0.95; p = 0.020) IG vs CG and persisted after adjusted multivariable analysis, 0.75(95% CI: 0.57-0.98; p = 0.039). IG had also significantly reduced rates of insulin-treated GDM, prematurity, GWG at 24-28 and 36-38 GW, emergency CS, perineal trauma, and SGA and LGA newborns (all p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: An early nutritional intervention with a supplemented MedDiet reduces the incidence of GDM and improves several maternal and neonatal outcomes.
The Impact of Nutritional Therapy in the Management of Overweight/Obese PCOS Patient Candidates for IVF.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common female endocrine disorder, and it has two main pathological aspects: reproductive and metabolic. Overweight/obesity is a risk factor in terms of adverse effects during hormone stimulation, a reduced response to ovulation induction regimens, reduced success of IVF, and an increased risk of obstetric complications. To resolve this vicious cycle of pathological events, weight loss and lifestyle modifications are promising strategies. Among these possible approaches, the consumption of a very-low-calorie ketogenic diet (VLCKD) or Mediterranean diet (MD) represents a valid option. In our study, 84 obese/overweight PCOS patients were recruited to evaluate the effects induced by the VLCKD and MD on weight, hormonal, and metabolic parameters. BMI decreased significantly among the VLKCD patients compared to the MD patients (both presenting p values < 0.0001 at 90 and 120 days), and a significant reduction in body circumference was observed. At the same time, HOMA index values statistically decreased for the VLCKD patients compared to those on the MD (p value < 0.001 at 90 days and p value < 0.05 at 120 days), and this phenomenon was also observed for AFC at 90 and 120 days (both p values < 0.001) and AMH at 90 days (p value < 0.05). Interestingly, the ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS) incidence was statistically lower in the VLKCD patients compared to the MD patients (p < 0.001). We state that these dietary regimes may improve anthropometric parameters (such as BMI) and women's reproductive health, restore menstrual regularity, and reduce the risk of OHSS. Regarding the different nutritional therapies, the results suggest that the VLCKD is an optimal choice for entry into IVF, especially in terms of the time range in which these results are achieved.
[The importance of nutrition in the prevention of endometriosis - Systematic review].; Background and objective: endometriosis is a hormone-dependent disorder characterized by the presence of endometrial-like tissue in extrauterine sites, which can trigger a chronic inflammatory reaction. This disease mainly affects women of childbearing age and can have a negative impact on their physical, mental and social well-being. There are eating patterns considered as anti-inflammatory, such as the Mediterranean diet, which could help in the prevention and treatment of endometriosis. The objective of this review was to know the relationship between the consumption of different food groups and the prevention of endometriosis. Materials and methods: a systematic review was carried out following the PRISMA methodology. PubMed, Scopus, Cochrane Library and Web of Science databases were consulted. Studies published between 2013 and 2023 were selected, accessible in full text, written in English and Spanish and including a sample of women with endometriosis and/or healthy women, in addition to evaluating the relationship between diet and endometriosis. Unrelated articles, systematic reviews or meta-analyses, pilot studies and studies conducted in animals were excluded. Results: a total of ten studies were included. The consumption of fruits, vegetables (not cruciferous), dairy products, fish, potatoes, legumes, vitamins (A, C, D and B12), monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids and minerals (calcium, potassium and magnesium) seems to reduce the risk of endometriosis. Conclusions: further studies investigating the relationship between consumption of different food groups and risk of endometriosis are needed.
Irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis: diagnosis, similarities, and nutritional management.; Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and endometriosis pose significant challenges to affected individuals. IBS, which is a functional gastrointestinal disorder, affects 5-10% of the population, while endometriosis affects 1 in 10 of those assigned female at birth. Despite distinct origins, symptom often overlap, which may lead to misdiagnosis. Diagnosing IBS and endometriosis requires a comprehensive approach. Nutritional management for IBS emphasises self-help strategies, nutritional changes and gut-brain axis modulation. The low FODMAP diet, which reduces the intake of foods containing specific types of carbohydrate, can be effective but requires the support of trained health professionals. For the management of endometriosis, a Mediterranean-style diet rich in antioxidants shows promise. Gastrointestinal symptoms are common with endometriosis and an individualised approach is recommended. Furthermore, vitamin D status assessment is advised. Collaboration between health professionals and dietitians is vital for tailored interventions, to enhance the wellbeing of individuals with IBS or endometriosis. A holistic approach holds promise in symptom management for both conditions.
Periconceptional Mediterranean diet during pregnancy on children's health.; During pregnancy, rapid and subtle physiological changes are observed from conception to birth. Nutrition and other lifestyle factors before and during pregnancy have been shown in the literature to influence the health of both mother and child. A healthy and varied diet during pregnancy can provide adequate energy and nutrients for both the mother and the growing fetus. Current research focuses on the periconceptional phase, which includes the early processes of gametogenesis, embryogenesis and placentation. A variety of abnormalities and pregnancy-related problems occur during this period, including congenital defects, fetal loss, miscarriage and preterm birth. A varied and balanced diet during periconception is important to maintain fetal development and growth. To date, numerous studies have been conducted to investigate the effects of consuming different nutrients, foods or food groups during pregnancy on the health of mother and child. For example, the Mediterranean diet is considered as a balanced, nutrient-rich diet due to the low consumption of meat products and fatty foods and the high consumption of vegetables, cheese, olive oil, fish, shellfish and little meat. While many studies have been conducted in the literature to investigate the effects of a Mediterranean diet during pregnancy on fetal health, the results have been inconclusive. The aim of this article is to review the current literature on the Mediterranean diet during pregnancy.
Observational Cross-Sectional Study on Mediterranean Diet and Sperm Parameters.; Infertility, affecting 15 to 25% of couples in the most developed countries, is recognized by the World Health Organization as a public health issue at a global level. Different causes are acknowledged to reduce fertility in both sexes. In particular, about 40-50% of cases recognize a male factor. Dietary habits and lifestyle are acknowledged to influence sperm quality and are therefore important modifiable factors in male reproductive health. Conditions such as overweight/obesity, impaired glucose metabolism and determinants of metabolic syndrome, together with unhealthy lifestyle behavior, i.e., smoking cigarettes and physical inactivity, are suggested to have a negative impact on male fertility. While individual elements and characteristics of the Western diet and habits are considered risk factors for male infertility, the Mediterranean diet (MD) seems to promote reproductive potential for improving sperm quality. It is also interesting to note that previous observational studies reported a positive correlation between the consumption of the single food classes of the MD pattern (i.e., vegetables and fruits, poultry, fish and seafood, whole grains, low-fat dairy products) and the quality of several sperm parameters. To evaluate the relationship between sperm parameters and MD adherence, we performed a cross-sectional study on the seminal data of 300 males (mean age 34.6 ± 9.1 years) who spontaneously referred to our center of reproductive medicine. The evaluation of adherence to MD was performed with a validated 14-point Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener (MEDAS) questionnaire. Our findings showed that sperm parameters such as sperm count, motility, viability and normal morphology are significantly and positively correlated with MEDAS, independently of BMI and age. In addition, the application of an ROC curve on MEDAS value vs. seminal alterations identified 6.25 as the score threshold value below which altered sperm parameters were more likely to occur [AUC = 0.096 (CI: 0.059-0.133; p < 0.00)]. Therefore, adhering to the MD with at least a MEDAS score of 6.26 increases the probability of normozoospermia. Moreover, subjects who had a MEDAS value lower than 6.25 had an Odds Ratio of 6.28 (CI = 3.967-9.945) for having at least one altered sperm parameter compared to those who were more adherent to the MD. In conclusion, our findings show that a higher adherence to the MD is associated with better semen parameters, in particular in relation to sperm count, sperm concentration, typical sperm morphology, and sperm progressive motility.
Do Popular Diets Impact Fertility?; Infertility affects 15% of the population in developed countries, and its prevalence is increasing. Fertility can be influenced by different factors. Although key factors like maternal age cannot be changed, there is growing evidence that other modifiable factors, such as diet, can have an impact on fertility. Diet has become increasingly important in recent years for a number of reasons: the new trend toward a healthy lifestyle, the higher prevalence of certain digestive disorders, a lack of time that leads people to consume more prepared and processed food, and personal choice to not eat meat, among others. To meet these needs, several diets have recently become popular, such as the Mediterranean diet, known as the gold standard of health; the DASH diet, known for preventing hypertension; the Western diet, characterized by processed food; the ketogenic diet, characterized by low carbohydrate intake; and the vegetarian diet, which is the choice for people who do not eat meat or animal by-products. Diets present a unique composition characterized by the presence or absence of specific nutrients, which have also been associated with male and female fertility individually. This review assesses the impact of these diets and of macro- and micronutrients on both female and male fertility.
Endocrine factors associated with infertility in women: an updated review.; INTRODUCTION: Infertility is defined as the inability to conceive after unprotected sexual intercourse for at least 12 consecutive months. Our objective is to present an updated narrative review on the endocrine causes of infertility in women. AREAS COVERED: A comprehensive review was conducted using Scielo, Scopus, and EMBASE databases, comprising 245 articles. The pathophysiology of infertility in women was described, including endocrinopathies such as hypothalamic amenorrhea, hyperprolactinemia, polycystic ovary syndrome, primary ovarian insufficiency, obesity, thyroid dysfunction, and adrenal disorders. The diagnostic approach was outlined, emphasizing the necessity of hormonal studies and ovarian response assessments. Additionally, the treatment plan was presented, commencing with non-pharmacological interventions, encompassing the adoption of a Mediterranean diet, vitamin supplementation, moderate exercise, and maintaining a healthy weight. Subsequently, pharmacological treatment was discussed, focusing on the management of associated endocrine disorders and ovulatory dysfunction. EXPERT OPINION: This comprehensive review highlights the impact of endocrine disorders on fertility in women, providing diagnostic and therapeutic algorithms. Despite remaining knowledge gaps that hinder more effective treatments, ongoing research and advancements show promise for improved fertility success rates within the next five years. Enhanced comprehension of the pathophysiology behind endocrine causes and the progress in genetic research will facilitate the delivery of personalized treatments, thus enhancing fertility rates.
Polycystic ovary syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus: A state-of-the-art review.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) often coexists with a wide spectrum of dysglycemic conditions, ranging from impaired glucose tolerance to type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D), which occur to a greater extent compared to healthy body mass index-matched women. This concurrence of disorders is mainly attributed to common pathogenetic pathways linking the two entities, such as insulin resistance. However, due to methodological flaws in the available studies and the multifaceted nature of the syndrome, there has been substantial controversy as to the exact association between T2D and PCOS which has not yet been elucidated. The aim of this review is to present the best available evidence regarding the epidemiology of dysglycemia in PCOS, the unique pathophysiological mechanisms underlying the progression of dysglycemia, the most appropriate methods for assessing glycemic status and the risk factors for T2D development in this population, as well as T2D risk after transition to menopause. Proposals for application of a holistic approach to enable optimal management of T2D risk in PCOS are also provided. Specifically, adoption of a healthy lifestyle with adherence to improved dietary patterns, such the Mediterranean diet, avoidance of consumption of endocrine-disrupting foods and beverages, regular exercise, and the effect of certain medications, such as metformin and glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists, are discussed. Furthermore, the maintenance of a healthy weight is highlighted as a key factor in achievement of a significant reduction of T2D risk in women with PCOS.
The Mediterranean diet and menopausal health: An EMAS position statement.; INTRODUCTION: Globally, 985 million women are aged 50 and over, leading to increasing concerns about chronic conditions such as cardiovascular disease, osteoporosis, dementia, and cognitive decline, which can adversely affect quality of life and independent living. AIM: To evaluate the evidence from observational studies and randomized trials on the effects of the Mediterranean diet on short- and long-term menopausal health: estrogen deficiency symptoms, cardiovascular disease, osteoporosis, cognitive and mental health, breast cancer, and all-cause mortality. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Literature review and consensus of expert opinion. SUMMARY RECOMMENDATIONS: The Mediterranean diet is a non-restrictive dietary pattern common in the olive-growing areas of the Mediterranean basin. It may improve vasomotor symptoms, cardiovascular risk factors such as blood pressure, cholesterol and blood glucose levels, as well as mood and symptoms of depression. Long-term adherence may: improve cardiovascular risk and events, and death; improve bone mineral density; prevent cognitive decline; and reduce the risk of breast cancer and all-cause mortality.
Adherence to the Mediterranean diet and risk of gestational diabetes: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Limited data is available on the association between adherence to the Mediterranean diet during early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes (GDM) in countries located in the Middle East, one of the regions with the highest prevalence of GDM. METHODS: A total of 647 pregnant mothers were included in the present prospective birth cohort study in Iran. Dietary intake was assessed by a 90-item food frequency questionnaire during the first trimester of pregnancy. Cases of GDM were ascertained by a two-step approach with a 50-g screen followed by a 100-g oral glucose tolerance for those who tested positive. Cox proportional hazard model was used to calculate the hazard ratio and 95%CI of GDM across tertiles of the Mediterranean diet score, while controlling for a wide range of potential confounders. RESULTS: A total of 647 pregnant mothers were included, of whom 77 mothers were diagnosed with GDM during their pregnancy. The average age of the mothers was 28.8 ± 5.1 years. In the multivariable analysis, being in the third tertile of the score of adherence to the Mediterranean diet was associated with a 41% lower risk of developing GDM as compared to those in the first tertile (adjusted hazard ratio: 0.59, 95%CI: 0.35, 0.99). CONCLUSIONS: Based on our findings, greater adherence to the Mediterranean diet during early pregnancy may be associated with a lower risk of developing GDM in Iranian women. Larger cohort studies are needed to confirm the findings.
Dietary Approaches to Women's Sexual and Reproductive Health.; Over the course of the reproductive life span, it is common for women to experience one or more of the most common gynecologic conditions, including sexual dysfunction, polycystic ovary syndrome, fibroids, endometriosis, and infertility. Although current management guidelines often turn to the established pharmaceutical approaches for each of these diagnoses, the scientific literature also supports an evidence-based approach rooted in the paradigm of food as medicine. Achieving healthy dietary patterns is a core goal of lifestyle medicine, and a plant-forward approach akin to the Mediterranean diet holds great promise for improving many chronic gynecologic diseases. Furthermore, creating an optimal preconception environment from a nutritional standpoint may facilitate epigenetic signaling, thus improving the health of future generations. This state-of-the-art review explores the literature connecting diet with sexual and reproductive health in premenopausal women.
Mediterranean Diet and Fatigue among Community-Dwelling Postmenopausal Women.; We investigated cross-sectional relationships between the Mediterranean diet and overall fatigue, energy, and weariness scores among 4,563 women aged 65+ from the Women's Health Initiative study. We also used the Isocaloric Substitution approach to explore whether the substitution of fish for red and processed meat, whole for non-whole grains, and whole fruit for fruit juice relate to RAND-36 measured overall fatigue and its subdomains. The alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMED) Index quintiles (Q1-Q5) and selected Mediterranean foods available on a Food Frequency Questionnaire were exposure measures. Results showed aMED Q5 was associated with 2.99 (95% CI: 0.88, 5.11), 4.01 (95% CI: 1.51, 6.53), and 2.47 (95% CI: 0.24, 4.70) point improvements in fatigue, energy, and weariness scores, respectively, compared with aMED Q1. Substituting fish for red and processed meat and whole for non-whole grains was associated with more favorable fatigue scores, whereas substituting whole fruit for juice was not.
Association between endometriosis and risk of type 2 diabetes: Results from the prospective E3N cohort.; OBJECTIVE: Several studies suggest an association between endometriosis and the risk of cardio-metabolic diseases. This study aimed to prospectively evaluate the association between history of endometriosis and incident type 2 diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: E3N is a prospective cohort of 98,995 French women aged 40-65 years at inclusion. Multivariable Cox regression models were used to estimate hazard ratios and 95 % confidence intervals for the association between endometriosis and incident type 2 diabetes. We evaluated effect modification by age, body mass index, infertility treatment, adherence to the Mediterranean diet, and menopausal status. RESULTS: Age at inclusion was 51 ± 6 years and there were 2672 incident cases of type 2 diabetes. A total of 4606 women reported surgically-confirmed endometriosis among 83,582 women with no history of diabetes at inclusion. Endometriosis was not associated with type 2 diabetes risk in a model adjusted for age, BMI, physical activity, smoking, education, age at menarche and oral contraceptive use (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.09; 95 % confidence interval [CI] = 0.92-1.29), neither after further adjustment for family history of diabetes, hypertension and menopausal status (HR = 0.97;95%CI = 0.80-1.16). The relationship did not differ by age at inclusion, BMI, infertility treatment, diet or menopausal status (p > 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Surgically-confirmed endometriosis was not associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes in this large cohort, confirming that endometriosis is not a risk marker for type 2 diabetes.
Nuts and Metabolic Syndrome: Reducing the Burden of Metabolic Syndrome in Menopause.; Menopause imposes a dramatic fall in estrogens, which is followed by an increase in the proportion of fat. The rising androgen/estrogen ratio along the menopause transition favors the accumulation of central fat, which contributes to insulin resistance and a series of concatenated effects, leading to a higher incidence of metabolic syndrome. The modulatory effect of diet on the metabolic syndrome phenotype has been shown for the Mediterranean diet, and nuts are key determinants of these health benefits. This review of the impact of nuts on the risk factors of the metabolic syndrome cluster examined studies-prioritizing meta-analyses and systemic reviews-to summarize the potential benefits of nut ingestion on the risk of metabolic syndrome associated with menopause. Nuts have a general composition profile that includes macronutrients, with a high proportion of unsaturated fat, bioactive compounds, and fiber. The mechanisms set in motion by nuts have shown different levels of efficacy against the disturbances associated with metabolic syndrome, but a beneficial impact on lipids and carbohydrate metabolism, and a potential, but minimal reduction in blood pressure and fat accumulation have been found.
High Fat Diet and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) in Adolescence: An Overview of Nutritional Strategies.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a multifaceted and heterogeneous disorder, linked with notable reproductive, metabolic, and psychological outcomes. During adolescence, key components of PCOS treatment involve weight loss achieved through lifestyle and dietary interventions, subsequently pursued by pharmacological or surgical therapies. Nutritional interventions represent the first-line therapeutic approach in adolescents affected by PCOS, but different kinds of dietary protocols exist, so it is necessary to clarify the effectiveness and benefits of the most well-known nutritional approaches. We provided a comprehensive review of the current literature concerning PCOS definition, pathophysiology, and treatment options, highlighting nutritional strategies, particularly those related to high-fat diets. The high-fat nutritional protocols proposed in the literature, such as the ketogenic diet (KD), appear to provide benefits to patients with PCOS in terms of weight loss and control of metabolic parameters. Among the different types of KD studies, very low-calorie ketogenic diets (VLCKD), can be considered an effective dietary intervention for the short-term treatment of patients with PCOS. It rapidly leads to weight loss alongside improvements in body composition and metabolic profile. Even though extremely advantageous, long-term adherence to the KD is a limiting factor. Indeed, this dietary regimen could become unsustainable due to the important restrictions required for ketosis development. Thus, a combination of high-fat diets with more nutrient-rich nutritional regimens, such as the Mediterranean diet, can amplify positive effects for individuals with PCOS.
Weighing the Impact of Diet and Lifestyle on Female Reproductive Function.; BACKGROUND: In the last years, several scientific societies and expert groups focused on the role played by nutritional factors, lifestyle and excess of body fat in interfering with female reproduction and fertility. In many studies a confounding factor is represented by polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) which is one of the major causes of infertility where genetic and family history are certainly playing a role, together with lifestyle and nutritional factors. METHODS: In an attempt to define "the optimal fertility diet", we consider the role played by Mediterranean lifestyle and some macronutrients (animal and vegetable proteins) on ovulatory disorders and female fertility also considering some new visions derived from randomized trials of lifestyle programs in obese infertile women asking for in vitro fertilization or alternative assisted reproduction technologies. RESULTS: Several reports are in favor of an increased consumption of either proteins or low-glycemic index carbohydrates to improve ovulatory disorders and female fertility. In studies concerning infertile women undergoing assisted reproduction, either structured exercise sessions and dietary intervention programs seem to be effective in improving menstrual cycles and fertility as demonstrated by the increased rate of natural conceptions. CONCLUSION: The findings of this review confirm the important impact of Mediterranean diet and lifestyle in preserving and improving fertility. However, epigenetic factors are very important in determining fertility rate, but genetic background and ethnicity are also playing crucial roles.
Cardiovascular Disease and the Mediterranean Diet: Insights into Sex-Specific Responses.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a leading cause of mortality and disease burden in women globally. A healthy diet is important for the prevention of CVD. Research has consistently favoured the Mediterranean diet as a cardio-protective diet. Several studies have evaluated associations between the Mediterranean diet and cardiovascular outcomes, including traditional risk factors like hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and obesity. In addition, consistent evidence suggests that the components of the Mediterranean diet have a synergistic effect on cardiovascular risk due to its anti-inflammatory profile and microbiome effects. While the benefits of the Mediterranean diet are well-established, health advice and dietary guidelines have been built on largely male-dominant studies. Few studies have investigated the beneficial associations of the Mediterranean diet in sex-specific populations, including those with non-traditional risk factors that are specific to women, for instance polycystic ovarian syndrome and high-risk pregnancies, or more prevalent in women, such as chronic inflammatory diseases. Therefore, this review aims to provide a comprehensive overview of the current evidence regarding the Mediterranean diet in women in relation to cardiovascular health outcomes.
Association between the Maternal Mediterranean Diet and Perinatal Outcomes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; The Mediterranean diet is a global, well-known healthy dietary pattern. This review aims to synthesize the existing evidence on the relationship between the maternal Mediterranean diet during pregnancy and perinatal outcomes, including randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and cohort studies. PubMed, Web of Science, and the Cochrane Library were searched from inception to 10 March, 2023, supplemented by manual screening. A random-effect model was used to estimate pooled sizes with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for specific outcomes of interest. Data from 5 RCTs and 18 cohort studies with 107,355 pregnant participants were synthesized. In RCTs, it was observed that the maternal Mediterranean diet significantly reduced the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus [odds ratio (OR), 0.56; 95% CI: 0.34, 0.93], as well as small for gestational age (0.55; 95% CI: 0.35, 0.88). In cohort studies, the highest adherence score to the maternal Mediterranean diet was inversely associated with a lower risk of various adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus (OR, 0.82; 95% CI: 0.67, 1.00), pregnancy-induced hypertension (0.73; 95% CI: 0.60, 0.89), pre-eclampsia (0.77; 95% CI: 0.64, 0.93), preterm delivery (0.67; 95% CI: 0.49, 0.91), low birth weight (0.70; 95% CI: 0.64, 0.78), intrauterine growth restriction (0.46; 95% CI: 0.23, 0.91), and increased gestational age at delivery (weighted mean difference, 0.11 wk; 95% CI: 0.03, 0.20). Meta-regression analyses did not identify the adjustment for confounders and geographical location as predictive factors for heterogeneity. The results suggest that adherence to the Mediterranean diet during pregnancy appears to be beneficial for perinatal outcomes. Future, larger, and higher-quality RCTs and cohort studies are warranted to confirm the present findings. PROSPERO registration no.: CRD42023406317.
The Impact of a Plant-Based Diet on Gestational Diabetes: A Review.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents a challenging pregnancy complication in which women present a state of glucose intolerance. GDM has been associated with various obstetric complications, such as polyhydramnios, preterm delivery, and increased cesarean delivery rate. Moreover, the fetus could suffer from congenital malformation, macrosomia, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, and intrauterine death. It has been speculated that inflammatory markers such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), interleukin (IL) 6, and C-reactive protein (CRP) impact on endothelium dysfunction and insulin resistance and contribute to the pathogenesis of GDM. Nutritional patterns enriched with plant-derived foods, such as a low glycemic or Mediterranean diet, might favorably impact on the incidence of GDM. A high intake of vegetables, fibers, and fruits seems to decrease inflammation by enhancing antioxidant compounds. This aspect contributes to improving insulin efficacy and metabolic control and could provide maternal and neonatal health benefits. Our review aims to deepen the understanding of the impact of a plant-based diet on oxidative stress in GDM.
Effects of the low-carb organic Mediterranean diet on testosterone levels and sperm DNA fragmentation.; The causes of male infertility can vary. Lifestyles, environmental factors, stressful conditions, and socio-economic conditions are significant factors. Diet plays a crucial role in improving a man's reproductive capacity. The appropriate diet should be diverse and ensure the intake of all the necessary nutrients to enhance sperm quality. The Mediterranean diet, which includes high amounts of vegetables and fruits rich in detoxifying and antioxidant substances, as well as polyphenols, flavonoids, carotenoids, and microelements, especially when consumed with organic foods and a lower carbohydrate regimen, are the key aspects addressed in this study. The objective of this research was to modify the diets of 50 subfertile men by providing them with a specific nutritional plan. This plan included consuming 80% organic foods, introducing whole grains and low glycemic load options, eliminating refined carbohydrates, consuming green leafy vegetables and red fruits daily, reducing or eliminating dairy products, consuming primarily grass-fed meat and wild caught seafood, eliminating saturated fats in favor of healthy fats like olive oil, avocado, and nuts. After three months of adhering to the low-carb food plan, testosterone levels significantly increased, while sperm DNA fragmentation decreased in a subgroup of individuals who reduced their carbohydrate intake by 35%.
COVID-19 and Gestational Diabetes: The Role of Nutrition and Pharmacological Intervention in Preventing Adverse Outcomes.; Pregnant women with GDM affected by COVID-19 seem to be at higher risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, especially those with overweight or obesity. Good glycemic control seems to be the most effective measure in reducing the risk of GDM and severe COVID-19. For such purposes, the Mediterranean diet, micronutrient supplementation, and physical activity are considered the first line of treatment. Failure to achieve glycemic control leads to the use of insulin, and this clinical scenario has been shown to be associated with an increased risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. In this review, we explore the current evidence pertaining to the pathogenesis of SARS-CoV-2 leading to the main complications caused by COVID-19 in patients with GDM. We also discuss the incidence of complications caused by COVID-19 in pregnant women with GDM according to their treatment.
[Polycystic ovary syndrome: new and promising treatment methods].; Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) - is a polygenic endocrine disorder caused by genetic, hormonal, and epigenetic factors. The importance of addressing PCOS lies in its prevalence, affecting approximately 10 to 13% of women, as well as the associated health conditions that can have a negative impact on women's lives, including infertility, dermatological manifestations of hyperandrogenism (such as hirsutism and acne), cardiovascular pathologies, metabolic disorders, and psychoemotional disorders. Currently, many theories of the development of this disease have been proposed, and as a consequence of methods of influencing and treating it. According to the clinical recommendations of the Ministry of Health of the Russian Federation, modifying the patient's lifestyle forms the basis of comprehensive therapy. We have analyzed about 60 articles on various dietary approaches to the treatment of PCOS, sourced from PubMed, Nature Reviews, Oxford Academic, Clinical Nutrition, EJOG, ScienceDirect, and MDPI. The Mediterranean diet, the DASH diet, the ketogenic diet and the low-carb diet have proven themselves the best. Also, it's necessary to add vitamin D, E, folic acid, calcium, various pro- and prebiotics to a woman's diet. Currently, the use of inositol and GPP-1 is becoming a promising method of PCOS therapy. According to the results of the analysis, a positive effect of diet therapy on the anthropometric and biochemical parameters was noted. Based on the analysis, a positive effect of diet therapy on anthropometric and biochemical parameters has been observed. It is crucial to consider the individual characteristics of each patient and not rely solely on drug therapy when approaching the treatment of PCOS.
Role of Mediterranean diet in endocrine diseases: a joint overview by the endocrinologist and the nutritionist.; PURPOSE: The purpose of this review is to examine the current evidence on the potential role of Mediterranean diet (MD) in the prevention and management of endocrine disorders and to highlight the importance of interdisciplinary collaboration between endocrinologists and nutritionists. METHODS: A literature search was conducted using PubMed and Google Scholar databases to identify relevant studies published in English. Studies were selected based on their relevance to the role of MD in the prevention and management of endocrine disorders. The search terms included "Mediterranean diet," "endocrine disorders," "thyroid disorders," "gonadal disorders," and "neuroendocrine tumors". RESULTS: The studies reviewed suggest that MD may have a beneficial effect in the prevention and management of various endocrine disorders, including thyroid disorders, gonadal disorders, and neuroendocrine tumors. MD has been associated with decreased risk of nodular thyroid disease and thyroid cancer, improved male and female reproductive health, and a potential role in the management of neuroendocrine tumors. MD's anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties, as well as its high levels of phytochemicals, may play a role in its beneficial effects. CONCLUSION: Interdisciplinary collaboration between endocrinologists and nutritionists is essential for the optimal management of endocrine disorders, including the potential role of MD in their prevention and management. While further research is needed, the current evidence suggests that MD may have a protective effect against endocrine disorders, and its incorporation into dietary recommendations may be beneficial.
Mediterranean diet as tool to manage obesity in menopause: A narrative review.; Menopause is a physiological event in a woman's life characterized by the cessation of spontaneous menstrual cycles caused by a reduction in the sex hormones estrogen and progesterone and a consequent increase of gonadotropins, which occurs when the stocks of ovarian follicles end. Weight gain is a common phenomenon in menopause and age of onset is influenced by several factors. Among modifiable risk factors are sedentary lifestyle and unhealthy nutritional patterns, which often result in obesity that in turn contributes to an increase in cardiovascular risk in menopause, mostly through low-grade inflammation. The Mediterranean diet (MedD) is a healthy dietary pattern characterized by an adequate consumption of vegetables, fruits, whole grains, and legumes with a reduction of saturated animal fats in favor of unsaturated vegetable fats and a high intake of bioactive compounds including polyphenols and ω-3 fatty acids with anti-inflammatory and antioxidant potency. Because of its palatability and long-term sustainability, the MedD, especially if hypocaloric, combined with physical activity, has shown promising results in terms of weight loss in individuals with obesity, as well as similar beneficial effects in menopause-related obesity. It has been observed that greater adherence to the MedD in menopause is associated with reduced risk for becoming overweight/obese, better cardiometabolic profile, and an improvement in menopausal symptoms. Although it is necessary to confirm these data with future large intervention trials, the MedD can be considered a safe and healthy approach in the management of menopause-related obesity and its cardiometabolic complications.
Mediterranean Diet and Soy Isoflavones for Integrated Management of the Menopausal Metabolic Syndrome.; The transition from premenopause to postmenopause is associated with the development of multiple elements of Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) [...].
Epigenetics and cardiovascular risk in childhood.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) can arise at the early stages of development and growth. Genetic and environmental factors may interact resulting in epigenetic modifications with abnormal phenotypic expression of genetic information without any change in the nucleotide sequence of DNA. Maternal dietary imbalance, inadequate to meet the nutritional needs of the fetus can lead to intrauterine growth retardation, decreased gestational age, low birth weight, excessive post-natal growth and metabolic alterations, with subsequent appearance of CVD risk factors. Fetal exposure to high cholesterol, diabetes and maternal obesity is associated with increased risk and progression of atherosclerosis. Maternal smoking during pregnancy and exposure to various environmental pollutants induce epigenetic alterations of gene expression relevant to the onset or progression of CVD. In children with hypercholesterolemia and/or obesity, oxidative stress activates platelets and monocytes, which release proinflammatory and proatherogenic substances, inducing endothelial dysfunction, decreased Doppler flow-mediated dilation and increased carotid intima-media thickness. Primary prevention of atherosclerosis should be implemented early. It is necessary to identify, through screening, high-risk apparently healthy children and take care of them enforcing healthy lifestyle (mainly consisting of Mediterranean diet and physical activity), prescribing nutraceuticals and eventual medications, if required by a high-risk profile. The key issue is the restoration of endothelial function in the reversible stage of atherosclerosis. Epigenetics may provide new markers for an early identification of children at risk and thereby develop innovative therapies and specific nutritional interventions in critical times.
Endometrial whole metabolome profile at the receptive phase: influence of Mediterranean Diet and infertility.; INTRODUCTION: Several metabolite classes have been identified in human endometrium, including lipids, nucleotides, amino acids, organic acids, and sugars. The first studies suggest the importance of metabolites in endometrial functions, as imbalance in uterine metabolites has been associated with low implantation rate and endometriosis. Nevertheless, most of studies have put emphasis on specific metabolite classes, and we lack the knowledge of the whole metabolome composition in human uterus. Further, a healthy dietary pattern has been shown to potentially protect against different endometrial dysfunctions and is a potential modulator of metabolomic composition and, consequently, the intrauterine microenvironment. The Mediterranean Diet (MD), characterized by a high intake of fruits, vegetables, cereals, nuts, legumes, fish, and olive oil, and a low consumption of meat, dairy products, and processed foods, has been associated with a wide range of benefits for health. Indeed, the MD pattern has displayed a beneficial role in endometriosis management and fertility; however, the relationship between the MD and the endometrial metabolome is still unknown. In our study, we set out to analyze receptive-phase endometrial metabolome profiles among women with infertility and their associations with MD. METHODS: The study included women with male factor infertility (n=8), unexplained infertility (n=10), recurrent implantation failure (n=14), and endometriosis (n=13). The endometrial metabolome was analyzed with ultrahigh-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectroscopy (UPLC-MS/MS). The MD adherence of the participants was assessed using the 14-point MEDAS questionnaire of adherence to the MD. RESULTS: We provide the whole metabolome profile of the endometrium, where 925 different metabolites were identified. Among these metabolites, lipids comprised the largest part, where polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) prevailed. Women with endometriosis and recurrent implantation failure were found to have lower levels of PUFAs compared to women with male factor and unexplained infertility (i.e., no clear endometrial alterations), identifying a metabolome profile associated with infertility diagnoses where altered endometrial functions are suspected. Moreover, MD adherence seemed to be associated with the endometrial metabolomic profile in a manner dependent on the health status of the uterus. CONCLUSION: The study findings provide insight into the molecular background of female infertility and lead to identification of potential molecular biomarkers and possibilities for modulating the endometrial microenvironment and, thereby, endometrial functions involved in embryo implantation and infertility.
Evidence-Based Eating Patterns and Behavior Changes to Limit Excessive Gestational Weight Gain: A Scoping Review.; BACKGROUND: International prenatal care guidelines set a standard for clinicians to discuss gestational weight gain with their patients along with the complications associated with prepregnancy obesity and excessive gestational weight gain. Clinicians often lack evidence-based eating, nutrition, and activity strategies to share with patients. METHODS: This systematic review aimed to find eating patterns and behaviors that could be used safely during pregnancy to limit excessive gestational weight gain. PubMed, MEDLINE, and Web of Science were searched for research or systematic reviews performed in the United States or Canada and published in English from 2013 to 2023. Keyword search terms included weight, manage, behavior, strategy, strategies, gestational weight gain, and nutrition. Excluded research used pediatric or adolescent populations, restrictive diets, such as no carbohydrate or no fat diets, fasting, bariatric surgery, weight loss medications, private industry or profit-earning programs using food brands, or specific diet programs. RESULTS: A total of 844 abstracts were retrieved, with 103 full-text studies reviewed. Behaviors had to be useful for maintaining a healthy gestational weight gain and had to be safe for use during pregnancy. Behaviors useful during pregnancy included meal planning, home meal preparation, portion control, using diets such as the Mediterranean diet, the low-glycemic index diet, and the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet (DASH), regular physical activity, sleeping 6-7 h a night, mindful eating, intuitive eating, and regular seif-weighing. CONCLUSION: The evidence-based strategies outlined in this review are safe for use during pregnancy and can assist patients in avoiding excessive gestational weight gain while maintaining the nutrition needed for healthy fetal growth.
Acne Vulgaris and adherence to the mediterranean diet among university students: a case‒control study.; BACKGROUND: Western diets, characterized by a high glycemic index and dairy content, can be risk factors for acne vulgaris. A few studies have suggested that adherence to non-Western diets, such as the Mediterranean diet (MD), may be protective against acne. This study aimed to explore the relationships between adherence to the MD and acne diagnosis and severity. METHODS: This was a matched case‒control study carried out among university students studying health sciences to explore the relationship between adhering to the MD and an acne diagnosis. Convenience sampling was utilized for the initial recruitment of eligible participants, who were then 1:1 individually matched for age, gender, and body mass index (BMI). Adherence to the MD was assessed using the Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener (MEDAS) tool, and acne severity was assessed using the Global Acne Grading System (GAGS). The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, bivariate analysis, and conditional logistic regression, which included two models based on clinical data and the backward elimination technique. RESULTS: A final sample of 121 cases was individually matched to 121 controls. Each group consisted of 28.9% males and 71.1% females, with most having a BMI within the healthy range (71.9%). Both the case (80.2%) and control groups (77.7%) demonstrated a predominant pattern of low adherence to the MD. At the bivariate level, family history significantly differed between the case and control groups (OR = 2.01, CI = 1.17-3.44), while adherence to the MD (OR = 0.86, CI = 0.46-1.60) did not reach statistical significance. According to the regression analysis, family history remained significant in the backward elimination model (aOR = 1.94, CI = 1.14-3.34), while it disappeared in the full model (aOR = 1.95, CI = 1.14-3.34). Neither model revealed a significant association between acne and the other variables. Among the participants in the case group, neither adherence to the MD nor adherence to its components was significantly associated with acne severity, except for vegetables (p = 0.022). CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to the MD was not correlated with acne diagnosis or clinical severity. More research on the association between acne and adherence to the MD is needed, as earlier studies are few, were conducted in specific settings, and used variable methodologies. To improve the validity and reliability of the research methodology, the development of detailed and culturally adapted MD definitions and practical guides is recommended.
Women's Adherence to Healthy Dietary Patterns and Outcomes of Infertility Treatment.; IMPORTANCE: Increasing evidence suggests that specific foods and nutrients may improve infertility treatment outcomes in women. However, less is known about the role of dietary patterns. OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether women's adherence to a priori-defined dietary patterns promoted for the prevention of chronic conditions is associated with outcomes of infertility treatment. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This prospective cohort study was conducted at a fertility center at an academic medical center in Boston, Massachusetts. Women undergoing infertility treatment cycles, including intrauterine insemination cycles and in vitro fertilization with or without intracytoplasmic sperm injection were included. Data were collected from January 2007 to October 2019, and data were analyzed from February to December 2022. EXPOSURES: Women's pretreatment diet was assessed with a validated food frequency questionnaire from which 8 a priori-defined scores were calculated (higher score indicates greater adherence): (1) Trichopoulou Mediterranean diet, (2) alternate Mediterranean diet, (3) Panagiotakos Mediterranean diet, (4) Healthy Eating Index, (5) Alternate Healthy Eating Index, (6) American Heart Association (AHA) index, (7) Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension index, and (8) plant-based diet. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The adjusted probability of clinically relevant outcomes (live birth as a primary outcome and clinical pregnancy and pregnancy loss as secondary outcomes) was evaluated across quartiles of adherence to each dietary pattern using multivariable generalized linear mixed models to account for repeated cycles. RESULTS: This analysis included 612 women with a median (IQR) age of 35.0 (32.0-38.0) years. There was no association between women's adherence to the 8 a priori dietary patterns and probability of clinical pregnancy or live birth following in vitro fertilization or intrauterine insemination. However, an inverse association was found between adherence to AHA dietary pattern and risks of total and clinical pregnancy loss. Among women who became pregnant during the course of infertility treatment, the adjusted probabilities of pregnancy loss in the lowest and highest quartile of the AHA dietary pattern were 0.41 (95% CI, 0.33-0.50) and 0.28 (95% CI, 0.21-0.36), respectively (P for trend = .02). The corresponding adjusted probabilities of clinical pregnancy loss were 0.30 (95% CI, 0.22-0.39) and 0.15 (95% CI, 0.10-0.23) (P for trend = .007). A similar pattern was observed for all other dietary patterns, with the exception of the plant-based diet pattern. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Findings of this cohort study suggest that preconception adherence to the AHA diet may be associated with a lower likelihood of pregnancy loss during the course of infertility treatment.
Female dietary patterns and outcomes of in vitro fertilization (IVF): a systematic literature review.; BACKGROUND: Infertility affects up to 15% of couples. In vitro fertilization (IVF) treatment has modest success rates and some factors associated with infertility and poor treatment outcomes are not modifiable. Several studies have assessed the association between female dietary patterns, a modifiable factor, and IVF outcomes with conflicting results. We performed a systematic literature review to identify female dietary patterns associated with IVF outcomes, evaluate the body of evidence for potential sources of heterogeneity and methodological challenges, and offer suggestions to minimize heterogeneity and bias in future studies. METHODS: We performed systematic literature searches in EMBASE, PubMed, CINAHL, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials for studies with a publication date up to March 2020. We excluded studies limited to women who were overweight or diagnosed with PCOS. We included studies that evaluated the outcome of pregnancy or live birth. We conducted an initial bias assessment using the SIGN 50 Methodology Checklist 3. RESULTS: We reviewed 3280 titles and/or titles and abstracts. Seven prospective cohort studies investigating nine dietary patterns fit the inclusion criteria. Higher adherence to the Mediterranean diet, a 'profertility' diet, or a Dutch 'preconception' diet was associated with pregnancy or live birth after IVF treatment in at least one study. However, causation cannot be assumed. Studies were potentially hindered by methodological challenges (misclassification of the exposure, left truncation, and lack of comprehensive control for confounding) with an associated risk of bias. Studies of the Mediterranean diet were highly heterogenous in findings, study population, and methods. Remaining dietary patterns have only been examined in single and relatively small studies. CONCLUSIONS: Future studies with rigorous and more uniform methodologies are needed to assess the association between female dietary patterns and IVF outcomes. At the clinical level, findings from this review do not support recommending any single dietary pattern for the purpose of improving pregnancy or live birth rates in women undergoing IVF treatment.
Dietary interventions in pregnancy for the prevention of gestational diabetes: a literature review.; The aim of this review is to provide an overview of dietary interventions delivered during pregnancy for the prevention of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). GDM increases the risk of adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes, and also increases future cardiometabolic risks for both the mother and the offspring. Carrying or gaining excessive weight during pregnancy increases the risk of developing GDM, and several clinical trials in women with overweight or obesity have tested whether interventions aimed at limiting gestational weight gain (GWG) could help prevent GDM. Most dietary interventions have provided general healthy eating guidelines, while some had a specific focus, such as low glycaemic index, increased fibre intake, reducing saturated fat or a Mediterranean-style diet. Although trials have generally been successful in attenuating GWG, the majority have been unable to reduce GDM risk, which suggests that limiting GWG may not be sufficient in itself to prevent GDM. The trials which have shown effectiveness in GDM prevention have included intensive face-to-face dietetic support, and/or provision of key foods to participants, but it is unclear whether these strategies could be delivered in routine practice. The mechanism behind the effectiveness of some interventions over others remains unclear. Dietary modifications from early stages of pregnancy seem to be key, but the optimum dietary composition is unknown. Future research should focus on designing acceptable and scalable dietary interventions to be tested early in pregnancy in women at risk of GDM.
Postpartum Depression Is Associated with Maternal Sociodemographic and Anthropometric Characteristics, Perinatal Outcomes, Breastfeeding Practices, and Mediterranean Diet Adherence.; Postpartum depression, with a prevalence ranging between 14% and 25% worldwide, has been considered an urgent health concern that negatively affects both mothers' and their infants' health. Postpartum depression may negatively affect maternal sociodemographic and anthropometric parameters and lifestyle factors. Nutrition has recently been identified as a crucial factor for the management and co-treatment of postpartum depression. This survey aims to determine the possible association of postpartum depression with mothers' socio-demographic and anthropometric characteristics, perinatal outcomes, breastfeeding practices, and Mediterranean diet (MD) adherence. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional survey, which was performed on 3941 women during the postpartum period. Postpartum depression was assessed by the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS). Anthropometric parameters and perinatal outcomes were retrieved from mothers' medical records. Sociodemographic data and breastfeeding practices were recorded by face-to-face interviews between enrolled mothers and trained personnel. Mediterranean diet adherence was assessed by MedDietScore. Both univariate and multivariate binary logistic regression were applied for analyzing our data. RESULTS: Postpartum depression was significantly associated with lower educational level, Greek nationality, higher prevalence of multiparity and overweight/obesity postpartum, higher incidence of caesarean section and not breastfeeding, and lower levels of MD adherence. In multivariate analysis, postpartum depression was independently associated with mothers' educational level, postpartum BMI status, type of delivery, breastfeeding practices, and MD adherence after adjusting for multiple confounding factors. CONCLUSIONS: This study has provided evidence that elevated MD compliance was related to a decreased risk of postpartum depression. Additionally, postpartum depression was associated with multiple sociodemographic and anthropometric parameters, perinatal outcomes, and breastfeeding practices. Future well-designed, prospective studies with high-quality methodology should be performed to obtain conclusive results.
Association of Mediterranean diet with survival after breast cancer diagnosis in women from nine European countries: results from the EPIC cohort study.; BACKGROUND: The Mediterranean diet has been associated with lower risk of breast cancer (BC) but evidence from prospective studies on the role of Mediterranean diet on BC survival remains sparse and conflicting. We aimed to investigate whether adherence to Mediterranean diet prior to diagnosis is associated with overall and BC-specific mortality. METHODS: A total of 13,270 incident breast cancer cases were identified from an initial sample of 318,686 women in 9 countries from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) study. Adherence to Mediterranean diet was estimated through the adapted relative Mediterranean diet (arMED), a 16-point score that includes 8 key components of the Mediterranean diet and excludes alcohol. The degree of adherence to arMED was classified as low (score 0-5), medium (score 6-8), and high (score 9-16). Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models were used to analyze the association between the arMED score and overall mortality, and Fine-Gray competing risks models were applied for BC-specific mortality. RESULTS: After a mean follow-up of 8.6 years from diagnosis, 2340 women died, including 1475 from breast cancer. Among all BC survivors, low compared to medium adherence to arMED score was associated with a 13% higher risk of all-cause mortality (HR 1.13, 95%CI 1.01-1.26). High compared to medium adherence to arMED showed a non-statistically significant association (HR 0.94; 95% CI 0.84-1.05). With no statistically significant departures from linearity, on a continuous scale, a 3-unit increase in the arMED score was associated with an 8% reduced risk of overall mortality (HR(3-unit) 0.92, 95% CI: 0.87-0.97). This result sustained when restricted to postmenopausal women and was stronger among metastatic BC cases (HR(3-unit) 0.81, 95% CI: 0.72-0.91). CONCLUSIONS: Consuming a Mediterranean diet before BC diagnosis may improve long-term prognosis, particularly after menopause and in cases of metastatic breast cancer. Well-designed dietary interventions are needed to confirm these findings and define specific dietary recommendations.
Maternal Dietary Quality and Dietary Inflammation Associations with Offspring Growth, Placental Development, and DNA Methylation.; The 'Developmental Origins of Health and Diseases' hypothesis posits that prenatal maternal diet influences offspring growth and later life health outcomes. Dietary assessment has focused on selected nutrients. However, this approach does not consider the complex interactions between foods and nutrients. To provide a more comprehensive approach to public health, dietary indices have been developed to assess dietary quality, dietary inflammation and risk factors for non-communicable diseases. Thus far, their use in the context of placental development is limited and associations with offspring outcomes have been inconsistent. Although epidemiological studies have focused on the role of maternal diet on foetal programming, the underlying mechanisms are still poorly understood. Some evidence suggests these associations may be driven by placental and epigenetic changes. In this narrative review, we examine the current literature regarding relationships between key validated diet quality scores (Dietary Inflammatory Index [DII], Mediterranean diet [MD], Healthy Eating Index [HEI], Alternative Healthy Eating Index [AHEI], Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension [DASH], Glycaemic Index [GI] and Glycaemic Load [GL]) in pregnancy and birth and long-term offspring outcomes. We summarise findings, discuss potential underlying placental and epigenetic mechanisms, in particular DNA methylation, and highlight the need for further research and public health strategies that incorporate diet quality and epigenetics.
Impact of Mediterranean diet in lowering risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional study.; INTRODUCTION AND OBJECTIVES: The prevalence of gestational diabetes is increasing, and the Mediterranean diet is highly recommended for health. The objective of this study is to determine the relationship between adherence to the Mediterranean diet and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this cross-sectional study the presence of GDM is the dependent variable, and socio-demographic and anthropometric characteristics and adherence to the Mediterranean diet are the independent variables in this study, which was carried out in pregnant women who were 24-28 weeks pregnant and had Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT). Adherence to the Mediterranean diet was evaluated with the Mediterranean Diet Adherence Scale (MEDAS). Data were collected through face-to-face interviews, weight and height measurements of the pregnant women were made, and the diagnosis of GDM was made with OGTT. RESULTS: Two hundred and seven pregnant women participated in the study and 85 of them (41.1%) were diagnosed as GDM. According to Logistic Regression models, age (OR: 1.088, 95% CI: 1.031-1.149) and infertility treatment (OR: 4.570, 95% CI: 1.443-14.474) significantly increased the occurrence of GDM, while adherence to the Mediterranean diet (OR: 0.683, 95% CI: 0.568-0.820) significantly reduced the risk. CONCLUSIONS: Nearly two-fifths of pregnant women were diagnosed with GDM while only one-fourth complied with a Mediterranean diet. The increase in the frequency of GDM should be carefully monitored. It may be useful to detect risky pregnant women at the time of the first diagnosis, to measure their glucose levels, and to give suggestions about the Mediterranean diet in the early period.
Mediterranean diet and infertility: a systematic review with meta-analysis of cohort studies.; CONTEXT: The Mediterranean diet (MD) is a dietary pattern with evidence of positive health impact, and some nutrients in this diet have already been researched for their effectiveness in fertility. However, there are still questions about whether high adherence to the MD could be a factor that contributes to positive fertility outcomes in infertile men and women. OBJECTIVE: A systematic review and meta-analysis were conducted to determine whether a greater adherence to the MD can improve fertility markers and outcomes in infertile men and women. DATA SOURCES: The MEDLINE, BVS, SciELO, CENTRAL, and Embase databases and gray literature were searched from their inception to May 2022. STUDY SELECTION: Data were included from cohort studies that addressed MD and outcomes. DATA EXTRACTION: Data searches, article selection, data extraction, and risk-of-bias assessments were performed according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines. RESULTS: A total of 11 studies met the inclusion criteria (n = 13 157 women and 1338 men). Greater adherence to the MD was associated with live births (I2 = 83.16%; odds ratio [OR], 0.652; 95%CI, 0.408-3.194), pregnancy rate (I2 = 93.83%; OR, 1.192; 95%CI, 0.349-4.325), sperm concentration >15 × 106/mL (I2 = 32.97%; OR 2.862; 95%CI, 1.583-5.174), and sperm count > 39 × 106/mL (I2 = 48.1%; OR, 2.543; 95%CI, 1.319-4.904); however, in an inconsistent scenario regarding the meta-analysis. CONCLUSION: Current evidence of high adherence to MD and fertility markers is insufficient to support their clinical application, even though it indicates sperm improvement and a possibility of better pregnancy outcomes. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: PROSPERO registration no. 169396.
Impact of lifestyle and dietary modifications for endometriosis development and symptom management.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Management of endometriosis is often complex and poorly studied. Patients with endometriosis have interest in how their lifestyle may affect their diagnosis. Self-management and lifestyle changes are often used as adjunct therapy, but best practices are not concrete in treatment guidelines. RECENT FINDINGS: Lifestyle impact on endometriosis and possible self-management treatment therapies are reviewed. Overall, there is a need for future studies in all topics. Data suggest a link between endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs), particularly persistent EDCs, and endometriosis. More work is needed to isolate and quantify exposures and explore their connection to endometriosis in order to provide guidance for clinical practice recommendations. There is insufficient evidence to support a superior diet for management of endometriosis; however, the Mediterranean diet may have the most benefit without nutrition concerns. Exercise may be another tool to improve endometriosis symptoms, but once again data are limited and best type and frequency is not well studied. Best evidence supports body-mind practices such as yoga, although new evidence suggests benefit from a holistic combination of several types of exercises. SUMMARY: Overall, data on lifestyle effects and associated therapies are limited. Future high-quality studies are needed to guide practice.
Adherence to Mediterranean Diet and Its Association with Maternal and Newborn Outcomes.; Background: Pregnancy is a crucial stage in a woman’s life and can be affected by epigenetic and environmental factors. Diet also plays a key role in gestation. This study aimed to evaluate how a greater or lesser adherence to the Mediterranean Diet (MD) influences specific parameters of mother and newborn. Methods: After delivery, the women participating in the study answered a questionnaire: demographic information; anthropometric data (pre-pregnancy weight, height, and gestational weight gain); dietary habits information (adherence to MD before and during pregnancy, using the validated Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener (MEDAS), quality of protein intake); pregnancy information (onset of complications, cesarean/vaginal delivery, gestational age at birth, birth weight, birth length); and clinical practitioner for personalized dietary patterns during pregnancy. Results: A total of 501 respondents have been included in the study, and 135 were excluded for complications. Women who followed the advice of clinical nutritionists showed better adherence to MD (p = 0.02), and the baby’s birth weight was higher (p = 0.02). Significant differences in gestational weight gain (p < 0.01) between groups with dissimilar diet adherence were demonstrated. Conclusion: Our data demonstrate a significant relationship between adherence to MD and birthweight.
Diet to Reduce the Metabolic Syndrome Associated with Menopause. The Logic for Olive Oil.; The rates of metabolic syndrome are increasing in parallel with the increasing prevalence of obesity, primarily due to its concomitant insulin resistance. This is particularly concerning for women, as the years around menopause are accompanied by an increase in visceral obesity, a strong determinant of insulin resistance. A fall in estrogens and increase in the androgen/estrogen ratio is attributed a determining role in this process, which has been confirmed in other physiological models, such as polycystic ovary syndrome. A healthy lifestyle, with special emphasis on nutrition, has been recommended as a first-line strategy in consensuses and guidelines. A consistent body of evidence has accumulated suggesting that the Mediterranean diet, with olive oil as a vital component, has both health benefits and acceptable adherence. Herein, we provide an updated overview of current knowledge on the benefits of olive oil most relevant to menopause-associated metabolic syndrome, including an analysis of the components with the greatest health impact, their effect on basic mechanisms of disease, and the state of the art regarding their action on the main features of metabolic syndrome.
Epigenetic effects of the pregnancy Mediterranean diet adherence on the offspring metabolic syndrome markers.; Metabolic syndrome (MS) has a multifactorial and not yet fully clarified origin. Insulin resistance is a key element that connects all the accepted components of MS (obesity, dyslipemia, high blood pressure, and hyperglycemia). There is strong evidence that epigenetic changes during fetal development are key factors in the development of MS. These changes are induced by maternal nutrition, among different factors, affecting the intrauterine environment. The Mediterranean diet has been shown to be a healthy eating pattern that protects against the development of MS in adults. Similarly, the Mediterranean diet could have a similar action during pregnancy, protecting the fetus against the development of MS throughout life. This review assembles studies carried out, both in animals and humans, on the epigenetic modifications associated with the consumption, during pregnancy, of Mediterranean diet main components. The relationship between these modifications and the occurrence of factors involved in development of MS is also explained. In addition, the results of our group relating adherence to the Mediterranean diet with MS markers are discussed. The paper ends suggesting future actuation lines in order to increase knowledge on Mediterranean diet adherence as a prevention tool of MS development.
Maternal Mediterranean Diet During Lactation and Infant Growth.; Background: Human milk is considered the optimal source of nutrition for infants. Maternal diet is associated with the composition of human milk. The Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) has been studied in pregnancy and during lactation, and it has been associated with changes in milk composition, yet there is a lack of research on MedDiet during lactation and infant outcomes. Methods: Mother-infant dyads (n = 167) from ABC Baby, a prospective observational study, were included in this analysis. Maternal diet was obtained using an adapted version of the National Cancer Institute Diet History Questionnaire II, at 2 weeks or 2 months postpartum. Maternal MedDiet score was calculated using servings of vegetables, fruits, whole grains, nuts and seeds, legumes, fish, monounsaturated-to-saturated fatty acid ratio, red and processed meats, and added sugar. Infants' length, weight, and flank skinfold thickness were measured at 6 months. Using World Health Organization standards, weight-for-age (WAZ), length-for-age (LAZ), and weight-for-length (WLZ) Z-scores were calculated. Multiple linear regression models were adjusted for potential confounders. Results: Higher maternal MedDiet score and intake of fruit and fish were associated with lower flank skinfold thickness (β = -0.33, -0.52, and -1.26, respectively). Intake of nuts and seeds was associated with higher WLZ (β = 0.29). Intake of red and processed meats was associated with lower WAZ (β = -0.18) and LAZ (β = -0.18). Energy-adjusted added sugar intake was associated with lower WLZ (β = -0.02). Conclusions: The maternal MedDiet score was associated with lower skinfold thickness, while its components were associated with differences in anthropometric Z-scores. Further research on the maternal MedDiet and corresponding human milk composition is needed to explore this relationship.
Adherence to Mediterranean diet and risk of breast cancer in premenopausal and postmenopausal women.; BACKGROUND: Mediterranean diet (MD) has long been suspected to impact on health promotion. Epidemiologic studies reveal the protective role of adherence to this dietary pattern on cancer incidence. However, its association with breast cancer risk remains unclear. Therefore, we aimed to investigate whether adherence to Mediterranean dietary pattern influence on breast cancer risk in postmenopausal and premenopausal women. METHODS: We performed an electronic search of published studies earlier than Apr 2015 using Pubmed, Google scholar, Cochrane and Scopus databases. The search terms included: breast neoplasm, breast tumors, mammary carcinoma, mammary neoplasm, breast cancer, and Mediterranean diet. Study inclusion criteria were: 1) written in English; 2) with a study arm of MD intervention or MD style assessment; 3) reported the BC risk in premenopausal and postmenopausal women. RESULTS: We summarized the findings of 8 studies in this review, including five cohorts and three case-control studies. Although, cohort studies reported controversial results in this field, case-control studies resulted inverse relation between this Mediterranean dietary pattern and breast cancer risk in pre or/and postmenopausal women. CONCLUSIONS: It seems that there is no sufficient data to reach a conclusion about the effect of MD on breast cancer risk in pre and postmenopausal, but there are some evidences suggesting the protective association. More cohort studies in different parts of the world are needed to confirm these results.
Association among Premenstrual Syndrome, Dietary Patterns, and Adherence to Mediterranean Diet.; Premenstrual syndrome (PMS) adversely affects the physiological and psychological health and quality of life of women. Mediterranean diet (MD) could be helpful for managing and preventing PMS, but evidence on the association between dietary patterns and PMS in Asian women is limited. This study aimed to investigate the association of dietary patterns and adherence to MD with PMS in Korean women. This cross-sectional study recruited 262 women aged 20-49 years via an online survey. PMS was diagnosed using the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists diagnostic criteria. MD adherence was assessed using the Korean version of the Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener. Mediterranean Diet Score (MDS) was classified into tertiles (T) (T1: 0-3, T2: 4-5, and T3: ≥6). Dietary pattern was assessed with the Food Frequency Questionnaire. Multiple logistic regression analyses were conducted to evaluate the association between dietary pattern scores and PMS prevalence. The proportion of PMS was significantly lower in MDS tertile (T) 3 than in T1 (55.4% in T3 vs. 74.4% in T1, p = 0.045). After adjusting for confounders, participants in the highest tertile of the bread/snack pattern had a higher risk of PMS (odds ratio [95% CI]: 2.59 [1.32-5.06]), while traditional dietary pattern and meat/alcohol pattern were not associated with PMS. In conclusion, we found that low adherence to MD and higher bread/snack dietary pattern were associated with increased risk of PMS, respectively.
The Effect on Inflammation of Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), which is common in women of reproductive age worldwide, is a syndrome that reduces the lifelong quality of life and poses a significant risk for various diseases. PCOS is a combination of symptoms of hyperandrogenism, oligo-anovulation, and polycystic ovarian morphology (PCOM). In PCOS, which is characterized by chronic low-grade inflammation, some inflammatory cytokines are increased. This review aimed to explain possible mechanisms of inflammation in PCOS and the effects of Mediterranean diet components on reducing this inflammation. RECENT FINDINGS: Although the exact mechanisms of inflammation in PCOS are not yet fully known, it is stated that it is mediated by obesity, insulin resistance, and high androgen concentration. This inflammatory state negatively impacts the risk of future health problems and the quality of life of PCOS. Therefore, strategies to reduce inflammation are thought to be important. Dietary adjustments have important effects in reducing this inflammation and preventing disease. At this point, the Mediterranean diet, which has been proven to have a protective effect against many diseases, draws attention. Among the components of the Mediterranean diet, especially omega-3, antioxidants and dietary fiber may contribute to the reduction of inflammation through different mechanisms. PCOS is characterized by chronic low-grade inflammation, which increases women's risk of health problems, both now and in the future. Reducing inflammation is therefore extremely important, and it can be achieved with adherence to the Mediterranean diet. Inflammation pathways and the effect of the components of the Mediterranean diet in PCOS. AGE, advanced glycation end products; NF-κB, nuclear factor kappa-B. Obesity, insulin resistance, and hyperandrogenism may cause inflammation in PCOS through different mechanisms. Antioxidants, omega-3, and dietary fiber, which are the main components of the Mediterranean diet, may be effective in reducing this inflammation in PCOS. (Created with BioRender.com).
Protective Effects and Benefits of Olive Oil and Its Extracts on Women's Health.; Women and men share similar diseases; however, women have unique issues, including gynecologic diseases and diseases related to menstruation, menopause, and post menopause. In recent decades, scientists paid more attention to natural products and their derivatives because of their good tolerability and effectiveness in disease prevention and treatment. Olive oil is an essential component in the Mediterranean diet, a diet well known for its protective impact on human well-being. Investigation of the active components in olive oil, such as oleuropein and hydroxytyrosol, showed positive effects in various diseases. Their effects have been clarified in many suggested mechanisms and have shown promising results in animal and human studies, especially in breast cancer, ovarian cancer, postmenopausal osteoporosis, and other disorders. This review summarizes the current evidence of the role of olives and olive polyphenols in women's health issues and their potential implications in the treatment and prevention of health problems in women.
An Early Mediterranean-Based Nutritional Intervention during Pregnancy Reduces Metabolic Syndrome and Glucose Dysregulation Rates at 3 Years Postpartum.; A Mediterranean diet (MedDiet)-based intervention reduces the rate of immediate postpartum maternal metabolic disorders. Whether these effects persist long-term remains to be determined. A total of 2526 normoglycemic women were randomized before the 12th gestational week (GW). IG women followed a MedDiet with extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) (>40 mL/day) and a handful of nuts daily, whereas CG women had to restrict all kinds of dietary fat. At 3 months postpartum, a motivational lifestyle interview was held. The endpoint of the study evaluated the rate of abnormal glucose regulation (AGR) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) at 3 years postpartum in women of the San Carlos cohort. A total of 369/625 (59%) CG women and 1031/1603 (64.3%) IG women were finally analyzed. At 3 months and 3 years postdelivery, the IG women showed higher adherence to the MedDiet, which was associated with lower values of body mass index (BMI) and lipid and glycemic profiles. Body weight change and waist circumference were lower in the IG women. After applying multiple regression analysis, the ORs (95%CI) resulted in AGR (3.18 (2.48-4.08); p < 0.001)/MetS (3.79 (1.81-7.95); p = 0.001) for women with GDM and higher OR for development of MetS in CG women (3.73 (1.77-7.87); p = 0.001). A MedDiet-based intervention early in pregnancy demonstrated persistent beneficial effects on AGR and MetS rates at 3 years postpartum.
Lifestyle and fertility-specific quality of life affect reproductive outcomes in couples undergoing in vitro fertilization.; OBJECTIVE: A Mediterranean dietary pattern, sleeping habits, physical activity, and lifestyle appear to affect reproductive health. There are few reports about whether fertility-specific quality of life (QOL) is linked to infertility treatment outcomes. The aim of this study is to investigate when lifestyle factors and fertility-specific QOL are comprehensively considered, which factors influence assisted reproductive technology (ART) outcomes. METHODS: This prospective cohort includes 291 women undergoing a first ART treatment at multiple centers in Japan and was designed to evaluate the influence of diet, physical activity, sleeping pattern, computer use duration, and fertility-specific quality of life tool (FertiQoL) score on ART treatment outcomes using a questionnaire. The primary endpoint was the good-quality blastocyst rate per oocyte retrieval and the secondary endpoints were a positive pregnancy test and gestational sac (GS) detection. RESULTS: The good-quality blastocyst rate per oocyte retrieval tended to be negatively associated with frequent fish consumption. After all embryo transfer (ET) cycles, a positive pregnancy test tended to be positively associated with longer sleep and longer computer use (OR = 1.6, 95% CI = 0.9-2.7 and OR = 1.7, CI = 1.0-2.8, respectively) and negatively associated with a smoking partner (OR = 0.6, CI = 0.3-1.0). GS detection was positively and significantly associated with frequent olive oil intake and longer computer use (OR = 1.7, CI = 1.0-3.0 and OR = 1.7, CI = 1.0-3.0, respectively). After ET cycles with a single blastocyst, a positive pregnancy test was positively and significantly associated with longer computer use (OR = 2.0, CI = 1.1-3.7), while GS detection was significantly more likely in women with longer computer use (OR = 2.1, CI = 1.1-3.8) and tended to be more likely in women with a higher FertiQoL Total scaled treatment score (OR = 1.8, CI = 1.0-3.3). p < 0.05 was considered statistically significant and 0.05 ≤ p <0.01 as tendency. CONCLUSIONS: Olive oil may be an important factor in dietary habits. Fertility-specific QOL and smoking cessation guidance for partners are important for infertile couples.
The Role of Resveratrol in Human Male Fertility.; Resveratrol (RSV) (3,4',5 trihydroxystilbene) is a natural non-flavonoid polyphenol widely present in the Mediterranean diet. In particular, RSV is found in grapes, peanuts, berries, and red wine. Many beneficial effects of this molecule on human health have been reported. In fact, it improves some clinical aspects of various diseases, such as obesity, tumors, hypertension, Alzheimer's disease, stroke, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes mellitus. However, little is known about the relationship between this compound and male fertility and the few available results are often controversial. Therefore, this review evaluated the effects of RSV on human male fertility and the mechanisms through which this polyphenol could act on human spermatozoa.
Maternal periconceptional nutrition matters. A scoping review of the current literature.; BACKGROUND: The importance of nutrition in reproductive health is widely acknowledged with special emphasis given to periconceptional maternal diet and its implications on embryo-fetal development, pregnancy complications, and the health of the offspring. METHODS: Following the PRISMA guidelines, we searched for literature in PubMed, CINAHL, and WoS to gather newer information on how diet composition influences the concepts from the very early stages of pregnancy and how maternal health may be affected as well. Fifty-six studies published up to June 2020 met the inclusion criteria. RESULTS: With its proportioned and diversified macronutrient composition, the Mediterranean Diet prevents congenital anomalies, preterm birth, hypertensive disorders, and gestational diabetes. Similar dietary patterns rich in vegetables, nuts, fish, and cereals increase the likelihood of conception and have a protective action, mediated by their antioxidant properties, against orofacial clefts, congenital heart and limb defects in the progeny. Conversely, the pro-inflammatory features of western diets, rich in processed foods and low in fruit content, diminish fertility, increase miscarriage rates, and enhance the risk of neural tube defects regardless of folate supplementation. CONCLUSIONS: It may be concluded that within the multiple dietary options, some of them are soundly associated with beneficial effects for the mother and the newborn.Implications for practiceAn appropriate counseling must be offered to the woman of fertile age to make her aware of how periconceptional nutrition may help fulfill her reproductive expectations.
Mediterranean Diet and Health Outcomes in the SUN Cohort.; The Mediterranean Dietary (MedDiet) Pattern has been linked to many beneficial health effects. This review summarizes the main findings of a prospective cohort study, the Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra (SUN) cohort, specifically focused on MedDiet and the risk of major chronic disease. It is an open cohort in which 22,786 Spanish university graduates have participated since 1999 until February 2018. Data on diet, lifestyle and clinical diagnosis are collected at baseline and every two years. After reviewing 21 publications from the SUN cohort on the effects of the MedDiet, we conclude that this cohort has provided good evidence that a high MedDiet adherence is associated with a reduced incidence of all-cause mortality, fatal and non-fatal major cardiovascular disease (CVD), type 2 diabetes, weight gain, metabolic syndrome, depression, cognitive decline, and nephrolithiasis. An inverse dose-response relationship was found for many of these associations. The MedDiet was also associated with lower average heart rate, a mitigation of the harmful effects of overweight/obesity on the risk of CVD, and an attenuation of the effects of obesity on type 2 diabetes. A suggestion that the MedDiet may enhance fertility was also found.
Mediterranean Diet for the Prevention of Gestational Diabetes in the Covid-19 Era: Implications of Il-6 In Diabesity.; The aim of this review is to highlight the influence of the Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet) on Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) and Gestational Weight Gain (GWG) during the COVID-19 pandemic era and the specific role of interleukin (IL)-6 in diabesity. It is known that diabetes, high body mass index, high glycated hemoglobin and raised serum IL-6 levels are predictive of poor outcomes in coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). The immunopathological mechanisms of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection include rising levels of several cytokines and in particular IL-6. The latter is associated with hyperglycemia and insulin resistance and could be useful for predicting the development of GDM. Rich in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, vitamins, and minerals, MedDiet improves the immune system and could modulate IL-6, C reactive protein and Nuclear Factor (NF)-κB. Moreover, polyphenols could modulate microbiota composition, inhibit the NF-κB pathway, lower IL-6, and upregulate antioxidant enzymes. Finally, adhering to the MedDiet prior to and during pregnancy could have a protective effect, reducing GWG and the risk of GDM, as well as improving the immune response to viral infections such as COVID-19.
Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet during Pregnancy: Associations with Sociodemographic and Anthropometric Parameters, Perinatal Outcomes, and Breastfeeding Practices.; Background and Objectives: The Mediterranean diet (MD) has been recognized as a beneficial nutritional pattern that promotes human health, decreasing the risks of a variety of human disorders and pathological states, including adverse pregnancy outcomes. In this aspect, the current survey aimed to assess the potential association of compliance with the MD during gestation with various sociodemographic and anthropometric parameters, perinatal outcomes, and breastfeeding practices. Materials and Methods: This was a cross-sectional study performed on 5688 pregnant women from 10 distinctive Greek areas. Face-to-face interviews with qualified questionnaires and thorough retrievals of medical records were performed to collect data concerning the participants' sociodemographic and anthropometric parameters, perinatal outcomes, and breastfeeding practices. Results: Elevated compliance with the MD during pregnancy was independently related with older age, higher educational status, and better economic status as well as decreased incidences of pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity and excess gestational weight gain and a lower likelihood of gestational diabetes. Moreover, greater adherence to the MD was independently associated with an increased prevalence of delivering vaginally and a greater prevalence of exclusive breastfeeding for at least 16 weeks postpartum. Conclusions: A higher level of compliance with the MD for the period of gestation was associated with several favorable lifestyle factors that may promote maternal health. Further studies with a prospective design as well as studies exploring the potential effects of maternal compliance with the MD for the period of pregnancy on the health of children should be performed. Future studies should also be extended beyond the MD by assessing the potential beneficial effects of adopting a Mediterranean lifestyle on maternal and child health.
The Role of the Mediterranean Diet in Assisted Reproduction: A Literature Review.; The Mediterranean Diet, characterized by high consumption of plant-based foods, olive oil, moderate intake of fish and poultry, and low consumption of red meat and processed foods, has been suggested to improve assisted reproductive technology (ART) outcomes. This narrative review aimed to summarize and synthesize the evidence from observational studies on the associations between preconception adherence to the Mediterranean Diet and ART outcomes. PubMed/MEDLINE, Embase, ScienceDirect, Google Scholar, and Web of Science databases were searched to identify relevant studies. Seven observational studies (n = 2321 women undergoing ART) were included. Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet was assessed using food frequency questionnaires with 6-195 items. Three studies found that higher Mediterranean Diet scores were associated with improved clinical pregnancy rates (OR 1.4, 95% CI 1.0-1.9; RR 1.98, 95% CI 1.05-3.78) or live birth rates (RR 2.64, 95% CI 1.37-5.07). Two studies showed a positive effect on embryo yield (p = 0.028) and ovarian response. However, two studies reported no significant associations with ultimate ART success, and four studies found no effects on oocyte and embryo number or quality. The heterogeneity in study designs, Mediterranean Diet assessment methods, and ART protocols limited the strength of conclusions. Evidence for the effects of greater adherence to the Mediterranean Diet on ART outcomes is limited but promising. Future research should focus on conducting randomized controlled trials with standardized Mediterranean Diet assessment methods to establish causal relationships between Mediterranean Diet adherence and ART outcomes, and to elucidate potential mechanisms of action.
Close Adherence to a Mediterranean Diet during Pregnancy Decreases Childhood Overweight/Obesity: A Prospective Study.; The study of dietary patterns during pregnancy may be of great importance for determining the potential risk of obesity in childhood. We assessed the prospective association between maternal adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) during pregnancy and risk of childhood overweight/obesity at 4 years. This prospective analysis involved 272 mother-child pairs from the ECLIPSES study. Maternal diet during pregnancy was assessed using a validated 45-item food-frequency questionnaire and a relative whole-pregnancy MedDiet score (rMedDiet) was calculated. The children's weight and height were measured at the age of 4. Primary outcome was childhood overweight/obesity based on age- and-sex-specific BMI z-score > 85th percentile using the WHO child growth standards. Mean maternal rMedDiet score in pregnancy was 9.8 (±standard deviation 2.3) and 25.7% of the children were overweight/obese. Significant differences in anthropometric measurements (weight, height, and BMI) were found according to sex, with higher scores for boys. After controlling for potential confounders, greater maternal adherence to rMedDiet during pregnancy was associated with a lower risk of childhood overweight/obesity, highest vs. lowest quartile (OR = 0.34, 95% CI: 0.12-0.90; p-trend 0.037). Similar trends regarding this association (per 1-point increase rMedDiet score) were observed after stratification by advanced maternal age, maternal early pregnancy BMI, education, socioeconomic status, smoking, and gestational weight gain. Our findings suggest that closer adherence to the MedDiet during pregnancy may protect against the risk of offspring overweight/obesity at 4 years. Further research is needed to explore whether associations persist across the life course.
Mediterranean diet for the prevention of gestational diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; INTRODUCTION: It is elusive that whether that Mediterranean diet helps prevent gestational diabetes. This meta-analysis aims to study the efficacy of Mediterranean diet for gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: We have systematically searched PubMed, EMbase, Web of science, EBSCO and Cochrane library databases, and included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that reported the effect of Mediterranean diet on gestational diabetes. RESULTS: We included five eligible RCTs in this meta-analysis. Compared with control intervention for pregnant women, Mediterranean diet could substantially decrease the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (OR = 0.64; 95% CI = 0.51 to 0.79; p < 0.0001), HOMA-IR (MD = -0.29; 95% CI = -0.50 to -0.09; p = 0.004), insulin treatment (OR = 0.39; 95% CI = 0.22 to 0.68; p = 0.0009) and gestational weight gain (MD = -0.74; 95% CI = -1.21 to -0.28; p = 0.002), but demonstrated no obvious impact on the admission of neonatal unit (OR = 0.75; 95% CI = 0.47 to 1.20; p = 0.24). CONCLUSIONS: Mediterranean diet can effectively prevent gestational diabetes mellitus.
Maternal nutrition and perinatal outcomes.; Diet and patterns of eating during pregnancy can affect perinatal outcomes through direct physiologic effects or by stressing the fetus in ways that permanently affect phenotype. Supplements are not a magic nutritional remedy, and evidence of profound benefit for most supplements remains inconclusive. However, research supports calcium supplements to decrease preeclampsia. Following a low glycemic, Mediterranean-type diet appears to improve ovulatory infertility, decrease preterm birth, and decrease the risk of gestational diabetes. Although women in the United States have adequate levels of most nutrients, subpopulations are low in vitamin D, folate, and iodine. Vitamin D has increasingly been shown to be important not only for bone health, but also for glucose regulation, immune function, and good uterine contractility in labor. To ensure adequate vitamin and micronutrient intake, especially of folate before conception, all reproductive age women should take a multivitamin daily. In pregnancy, health care providers need to assess women's diets, give them weight gain recommendations based on their body mass index measurement, and advise them to eat a Mediterranean diet rich in omega-3 fatty acids (ingested as low-mercury risk fatty fish or supplements), ingest adequate calcium, and achieve adequate vitamin D levels through sun exposure or supplements. Health care providers should continue to spend time on nutrition assessment and counseling.
What do we know about metabolic syndrome in adolescents with PCOS?; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinopathy of reproductive-aged women that manifests itself with a variety of features. For this reason, three different diagnostic criteria have been introduced. For adults, the National Institutes of Health Conference (NIH) criteria, which consists of hyperandrogenism and oligo-anovulation, is the most widely used. Symptoms of PCOS usually start with puberty and may overlap with normal pubertal development. Hormonal fluctuations during this period make the diagnosis of PCOS more difficult. Until now, there is no validated diagnostic criteria for PCOS in adolescents. Although menstrual disorders and cosmetic problems are the most common complaints of adolescents with PCOS, patients should also be evaluated for the potential risk for insulin resistance, obesity, subclinical atherosclerosis, diabetes, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease. Obesity is the most prominent predictor of metabolic syndrome. As the incidence of obesity is increasing both in childhood and adolescence, governments will be faced with a social and economic burden in the future. Adolescents with PCOS are more obese than normal adolescents and have an increased risk of metabolic syndrome. It is suggested that abdominal adiposity increases the risk of metabolic syndrome by inducing various cytokine secretions. Although there is no consensus on metabolic syndrome criteria in the adolescent period, International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria may be used for children older than 10 years. Various clinical and metabolic markers are investigated for the prediction of metabolic syndrome in the literature. Waist circumference, serum triglycerides and androgens are the suspected predictors of metabolic syndrome. The prevention of abdominal adiposity and the early diagnosis of PCOS in adolescence should be the main target for the prevention of metabolic syndrome. Clinicians should investigate adolescents with PCOS for metabolic and cardiovascular risks and take preventive action. A Mediterranean diet, low in fat and high in fruits and vegetables, along with moderate-intensity exercise and smoking cessation are the recommended interventions for especially obese adolescents with PCOS. Metformin may be the treatment of choice when lifestyle modifications are ineffective.
Early Nutrition and Later Excess Adiposity during Childhood: A Narrative Review.; BACKGROUND: Studies on childhood obesity mainly focus on the genetic component and on the lifestyle that may be associated with the development of obesity. However, the study of perinatal factors in their programming effect toward future obesity in children or adults is somewhat more recent, and there are still mechanisms to be disentangled. SUMMARY: In this narrative review, a comprehensive route based on the influence of some early factors in life in the contribution to later obesity development is presented. Maternal pre-pregnancy BMI and gestational weight gain have been pointed out as independent determinants of infant later adiposity. Lifestyle interventions could have an impact on pregnant mothers through epigenetic mechanisms capable of redirecting the genetic expression of their children toward a future healthy weight and body composition and dietary-related microbiome modifications in mothers and newborns might also be related. After birth, infant feeding during the first months of life is directly associated with its body composition and nutritional status. From this point of view, all the expert committees in the world are committed to promote exclusive breastfeeding up to 6 months of age and to continue at least until the first year of life together with complementary feeding based on healthy dietary patterns such as Mediterranean Diet. KEY MESSAGES: To develop future effective programs to tackle early obesity, it is necessary not only by controlling lifestyle behaviors like infant feeding but also understanding the role of other mechanisms like the effect of perinatal factors such as maternal diet during pregnancy, epigenetics, or microbiome.
Mediterranean-Style Diet and Risk of Preeclampsia by Race in the Boston Birth Cohort.; Background Preeclampsia is a major cause of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. Given its large public health burden, there is a need to identify modifiable factors that can be targeted for preeclampsia prevention. In this study, we examined whether a Mediterranean-style diet is protective for preeclampsia in a large cohort of racially and ethnically diverse, urban, low-income women. Methods and Results We used data from the Boston Birth Cohort. Maternal sociodemographic and dietary data were obtained via interview and food frequency questionnaire within 24 to 72 hours postpartum, respectively. Additional clinical information, including physician diagnoses of preexisting conditions and preeclampsia, were extracted from medical records. We derived a Mediterranean-style diet score from the food frequency questionnaire and performed logistic regression to examine the association of the Mediterranean-style diet score with preeclampsia. Of 8507 women in the sample, 848 developed preeclampsia. 47% were Black, 28% were Hispanic, and the remaining were White/Other. After multivariable adjustment, greatest adherence with MSD was associated with lower preeclampsia odds (adjusted odds ratio comparing tertile 3 to tertile 1, 0.78; 95% CI, 0.64-0.96). A subgroup analysis of Black women demonstrated a similar benefit with an adjusted odds ratio comparing tertile 3 to tertile 1 of 0.74 (95% CI, 0.76-0.96). Conclusions Self-report of higher adherence to a Mediterranean-style diet is associated with lower preeclampsia odds, and benefit of this diet is present among Black women as well.
Maternal Mediterranean diet in pregnancy and newborn DNA methylation: a meta-analysis in the PACE Consortium.; Higher adherence to the Mediterranean diet during pregnancy is related to a lower risk of preterm birth and to better offspring cardiometabolic health. DNA methylation may be an underlying biological mechanism. We evaluated whether maternal adherence to the Mediterranean diet was associated with offspring cord blood DNA methylation.We meta-analysed epigenome-wide association studies (EWAS) of maternal adherence to the Mediterranean diet during pregnancy and offspring cord blood DNA methylation in 2802 mother-child pairs from five cohorts. We calculated the relative Mediterranean diet (rMED) score with range 0-18 and an adjusted rMED excluding alcohol (rMEDp, range 0-16). DNA methylation was measured using Illumina 450K arrays. We used robust linear regression modelling adjusted for child sex, maternal education, age, smoking, body mass index, energy intake, batch, and cell types. We performed several functional analyses and examined the persistence of differential DNA methylation into childhood (4.5-7.8 y).rMEDp was associated with cord blood DNA methylation at cg23757341 (0.064% increase in DNA methylation per 1-point increase in the rMEDp score, SE = 0.011, P = 2.41 × 10(-8)). This cytosine-phosphate-guanine (CpG) site maps to WNT5B, associated with adipogenesis and glycaemic phenotypes. We did not identify associations with childhood gene expression, nor did we find enriched biological pathways. The association did not persist into childhood.In this meta-analysis, maternal adherence to the Mediterranean diet (excluding alcohol) during pregnancy was associated with cord blood DNA methylation level at cg23757341. Potential mediation of DNA methylation in associations with offspring health requires further study.
Impact of nutrients and Mediterranean diet on the occurrence of gestational diabetes.; Background: The Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) is a dietary pattern effective in terms of prevention of many diseases such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Recently, many studies have paid attention to nutritional factors during pregnancy as a modifiable contributor to GDM risk.Objective: to investigate associations of nutrients intakes and MedDiet pattern of eating with risk of GDM.Subjects/Methods: This study conducted on N = 120; Pregnant women with GDM (n = 60) and without controls (n = 60). The dietary habits were assessed by a dietary history method and a validated food frequency questionnaire. We calculated a MedDiet score which measures the degree of adherence to a Med Diet.Result: A low Med Diet score was found in pregnant women with and without gestational diabetes in 46.7% and 38.8% of cases, respectively, with no significant difference. Our data showed that the higher the adherence score to the MedDiet, the lower the fasting blood glucose level and the plasma glucose 2 h post load. These findings concerned the two groups studied (P < 10(-3)). We also noted that controls had a significantly higher intake of legumes, vegetables and fish. Monounsaturated fatty acids and saturated fatty acids consumption was significantly higher in the control group (2.3 ± 0.8 vs 1.7 ± 0.7, P < 10(-3)). GDM subjects consumed significantly more dairy products and cereals (P < 10(-3)). After adjustment for confounders, no nutrient was associated with the risk of developing gestational diabetes except vitamin D intake (OR 0.29 [0.15-0.54], P < 10(-3)) which had a protective effect.Conclusion: Our study underlines the importance of adequate vitamin D intake during pregnancy and suggests that the MedDiet may reduce the incidence of gestational diabetes.
Female infertility and diet, is there a role for a personalized nutritional approach in assisted reproductive technologies? A Narrative Review.; Female infertility is a major public health concern and a global challenge. It is a disorder of the reproductive system, defined as the inability to achieve a clinical pregnancy. Nutrition and other environmental factors are found to impact reproductive health in women as well as the outcome of assisted reproductive technologies (ART). Dietary factors, such as polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), fiber as well as the intake of Mediterranean diet appear to exert beneficial effects on female reproductive outcomes. The exact mechanisms associating diet to female fertility are yet to be identified, although genomic, epigenomic, and microbial pathways may be implicated. This review aims to summarize the current knowledge on the impact of dietary components on female reproduction and ART outcomes, and to discuss the relevant interplay of diet with genome, epigenome and microbial composition.
Dietary patterns and ovarian reserve among women attending a fertility clinic.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the associations between dietary patterns and antral follicle count (AFC), a marker of ovarian reserve. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study. SETTING: Fertility center at an academic hospital. PATIENT(S): A total of 363 women seeking preconception evaluation and infertility care at the Massachusetts General Hospital who participated in the Environment and Reproductive Health Study. INTERVENTION(S): None. At enrollment, women reported diet through a food frequency questionnaire, from which we computed three dietary pattern adherence scores: the Mediterranean diet, the Fertility diet, and the Profertility diet. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): The AFC was assessed with a transvaginal ultrasound performed on the third day of an unstimulated menstrual cycle or on the third day of a P withdrawal bleed. RESULT(S): Higher adherence to the three dietary patterns examined were unrelated to AFC. The multivariable adjusted AFC means and 95% confidence intervals for women in the highest compared with the lowest quartile of adherence score were 13.9 (13.0-14.9) and 13.5 (12.6-14.4) for the Mediterranean diet, 14.0 (13.2-14.9) and 13.5 (12.7-14.3) for the Fertility diet, and 12.5 (11.6-13.5) and 13.3 (12.5-14.2) for the Profertility diet. CONCLUSION(S): Dietary patterns were unrelated to AFC among a cohort of women presenting at a fertility center. Due to the limited and heterogeneous current evidence, it is important to evaluate this association in further studies, and in particular among women from the general population.
The influence of obesity and diet quality on fetal growth and perinatal outcome.; .Background: maternal obesity is associated with an increase of both maternal and fetal complications as macrosomia. Aim: to assess the quality of diet in a cohort of pregnant women in terms of Mediterranean diet (MD) adherence and to examine the association between diet quality, obesity, weight gain and fetal growth and perinatal complications. Methods: Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener (MEDAS) was applied to assess diet quality in 542 pregnant women. Fetal biometric measurements at third-trimester ultrasound were collected and perinatal outcomes were recorded. Results: only 35 % of pregnant women presented a good quality of diet, in terms of adherence to MD. Diet quality significantly increased with lower values of body mass index (BMI) and higher maternal age. Higher BMI was significantly associated with a higher abdominal circumference and estimated fetal weight at the third trimester, a higher risk of hypertension disorder, induction of labor and a higher birthweight. A statistically significant association between diet quality and ultranosographic measures or perinatal outcome was not found. However, a higher weight gain across gestation was significantly associated with a higher risk of gestational diabetes, a higher gestational age at delivery and a higher birthweight. Conclusion: most of our pregnant women did not showed a great diet quality, but there was no evidence that diet quality affected pregnancy complications. On the contrary, pre-pregnancy BMI was related to fetal and neonatal growth and obstetric outcomes, similarly to weight gain across gestation.
Exploring the Role of Mediterranean and Westernized Diets and Their Main Nutrients in the Modulation of Oxidative Stress in the Placenta: A Narrative Review.; Oxidative stress is a major cellular event that occurs in the placenta, fulfilling critical physiological roles in non-pathological pregnancies. However, exacerbated oxidative stress is a pivotal feature of different obstetric complications, like pre-eclampsia, fetal growth restriction, and other diseases. Compelling evidence supports the relevant role of diet during pregnancy, with pleiotropic consequences for maternal well-being. The present review aims to examine the complex background between oxidative stress and placental development and function in physiological conditions, also intending to understand the relationship between different dietary patterns and the human placenta, particularly how this could influence oxidative stress processes. The effects of Westernized diets (WDs) and high-fat diets (HFDs) rich in ultra-processed foods and different additives are compared with healthy patterns such as a Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) abundant in omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, polyphenols, dietary fiber, and vitamins. Although multiple studies have focused on the role of specific nutrients, mostly in animal models and in vitro, further observational and intervention studies focusing on the placental structure and function in women with different dietary patterns should be conducted to understand the precise influence of diet on this organ.
Mediterranean-Style Diet and Birth Outcomes in an Urban, Multiethnic, and Low-Income US Population.; Findings on the role of Mediterranean-style diet (MSD) on duration of pregnancy and birth weight have been inconsistent and based largely on Non-Hispanic white populations, making it unclear as to whether they could extend to African Americans who are at a higher risk of unfavorable birth outcomes. Our study addresses this gap using a large urban, multiethnic, predominantly low-income cohort of mother-infant dyads from Boston, MA, USA. Dietary information was obtained via food frequency questionnaires; health information including birth outcomes were extracted from medical records. A Mediterranean-style diet score (MSDS) was formulated based on intake history, and linear and log-binomial regressions were performed to assess its association with birth outcomes. After adjustment, the lowest MSDS quintile from the overall sample was found to be associated with an increased relative risk (RR) of overall preterm birth (RR 1.18; 95% CI: 1.06-1.31), spontaneous preterm birth (1.28; 1.11-1.49), late preterm birth (1.21; 1.05-1.39), and low birth weight (1.11; 1.01-1.22), compared to the highest quintile. The findings were similar for the African American sample. Our study adds to the current understanding of the diet's influence on birth outcomes by demonstrating that adherence to MSD may improve birth outcomes for African American women.
The prevention of gestational diabetes mellitus (The role of lifestyle): a meta-analysis.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common complication of pregnancy. The disease is on the rise worldwide with deleterious consequences on the fetus, mother, and children. The study aimed to review the role of lifestyle in the prevention of GDM. We searched PubMed, SCOPUS, Web of Science, Cochrane Library, EBSCO, and Google Scholar from the first published article up to December 2021; articles were eligible if they were controlled trials, prospective cohorts, and case-control. Out of 5559 articles retrieved, 66 full texts were screened, and 19 studies were included in the meta-analysis. (6 studies assessed the effects of diet, and 13 were on exercise). The dietary intervention showed significant positive effect on GDM, odd ratio = 0.69, 95% CI, 0.56-84, P-value for overall effect = 0.002. The DASH diet was better than Mediterranean Diet (odd ratio, 0.71, 95% CI, 68-74, P-value < 0.001). Regarding exercise, no significant prevention was evident on GDM, odd ratio, 0.77, 95% CI, 0.55-1.06, P-value = 0.11. However, a significant prevention of gestational diabetes was found when the exercise was mild-moderate (odd ratio = 0.65, 95% CI, 0.53-80, P < 0.0001) and started in the first trimester (odd ratio, 0.57, 95% CI, 0.43-0.75, P < 0.0001. No significant effect was found when the exercise was vigorous (odd ratio = 1.09, 95% CI, 0.50-2.38, P = 0.83) and started during the second trimester of pregnancy (odd ratio, 1.08, 95% CI, 0.65-1.80, P = 0.77. Diet and early mild-moderate exercise were effective in GDM prevention. Exercise during the second trimester and moderate-vigorous were not. Further studies assessing the type, duration, and frequency of physical activity are needed.
Association of a Mediterranean Diet Pattern With Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Among US Women.; IMPORTANCE: The Mediterranean diet pattern is inversely associated with the leading causes of morbidity and mortality, including metabolic diseases and cardiovascular disease, but there are limited data on its association with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) among US women. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether concordance to a Mediterranean diet pattern around the time of conception is associated with lower risk of developing any APO and individual APOs. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This prospective, multicenter, cohort study, the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-to-Be, enrolled 10 038 women between October 1, 2010, and September 30, 2013, with a final analytic sample of 7798 racially, ethnically, and geographically diverse women with singleton pregnancies who had complete diet data. Data analyses were completed between June 3, 2021, and April 7, 2022. EXPOSURES: An Alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMed) score (range, 0-9; low, 0-3; moderate, 4-5; and high, 6-9) was computed from data on habitual diet in the 3 months around conception, assessed using a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Adverse pregnancy outcomes were prospectively ascertained and defined as developing 1 or more of the following: preeclampsia or eclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant, or stillbirth. RESULTS: Of 7798 participants (mean [SD] age, 27.4 [5.5] years), 754 (9.7%) were aged 35 years or older, 816 (10.5%) were non-Hispanic Black, 1294 (16.6%) were Hispanic, and 1522 (19.5%) had obesity at baseline. The mean (SD) aMed score was 4.3 (2.1), and the prevalence of high, moderate, and low concordance to a Mediterranean diet pattern around the time of conception was 30.6% (n=2388), 31.2% (n=2430), and 38.2% (n=2980), respectively. In multivariable models, a high vs low aMed score was associated with 21% lower odds of any APO (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 0.79 [95% CI, 0.68-0.92]), 28% lower odds of preeclampsia or eclampsia (aOR, 0.72 [95% CI, 0.55-0.93]), and 37% lower odds of gestational diabetes (aOR, 0.63 [95% CI, 0.44-0.90]). There were no differences by race, ethnicity, and prepregnancy body mass index, but associations were stronger among women aged 35 years or older (aOR, 0.54 [95% CI, 0.34-0.84]; P = .02 for interaction). When aMed score quintiles were evaluated, similar associations were observed, with higher scores being inversely associated with the incidence of any APO. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This cohort study suggests that greater adherence to a Mediterranean diet pattern is associated with lower risk of APOs, with evidence of a dose-response association. Intervention studies are needed to assess whether dietary modification around the time of conception can reduce risk of APOs and their downstream associations with future development of cardiovascular disease risk factors and overt disease.
Associations between Diet Quality Scores and Risk of Postmenopausal Estrogen Receptor-Negative Breast Cancer: A Systematic Review.; BACKGROUND: Estrogen receptor-negative (ER-) breast cancer tends to have poorer prognosis than estrogen receptor-positive breast cancer. A number of studies have examined the association between diet quality as measured by various diet quality scores and the risk of ER- breast cancer. OBJECTIVE: This systematic review aimed to summarize existing evidence on this topic. METHODS: Medline and Embase searches were conducted until 2 April 2017 for cohort and case-control studies on diet quality scores and ER- breast cancer. RESULTS: We included 6 prospective cohort studies and 1 case-control study on postmenopausal ER- breast cancer: 4 from Europe and 3 from the United States. There were 12 different diet quality scores: 2 versions of the Dietary Inflammatory Index, 4 versions of the Mediterranean diet score, the Healthy Eating Index, the Alternate Healthy Eating Index, the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) score, and 3 versions of low-carbohydrate diet scores that differentiate between different sources of protein and fat. Of the 4 studies on Mediterranean diet scores, 3 showed a significant inverse association with postmenopausal ER- breast cancer, whereas no consistent association was observed with the other diet quality scores. Although most diet quality scores in this review share similar food components, most of the non-Mediterranean diet scores were represented by only 1 study each, and the associations with postmenopausal ER- breast cancer were mixed. All studies were adjusted for multiple covariates. CONCLUSION: This systematic review shows mixed results for an association between a variety of diet quality scores and postmenopausal ER- cancer. However, results from different versions of the Mediterranean diet scores are more consistent and suggest an inverse relation with ER- breast cancer.
Could gestational diabetes mellitus be managed through dietary bioactive compounds? Current knowledge and future perspectives.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a serious problem growing worldwide that needs to be addressed with urgency in consideration of the resulting severe complications for both mother and fetus. Growing evidence indicates that a healthy diet rich in fruit, vegetables, nuts, extra-virgin olive oil and fish has beneficial effects in both the prevention and management of several human diseases and metabolic disorders. In this review, we discuss the latest data concerning the effects of dietary bioactive compounds such as polyphenols and PUFA on the molecular mechanisms regulating glucose homoeostasis. Several studies, mostly based on in vitro and animal models, indicate that dietary polyphenols, mainly flavonoids, positively modulate the insulin signalling pathway by attenuating hyperglycaemia and insulin resistance, reducing inflammatory adipokines, and modifying microRNA (miRNA) profiles. Very few data about the influence of dietary exposure on GDM outcomes are available, although this approach deserves careful consideration. Further investigation, which includes exploring the 'omics' world, is needed to better understand the complex interaction between dietary compounds and GDM.
The potential contribution of dietary factors to breast cancer prevention.; Breast cancer (BC), the leading cancer in women, is increasing in prevalence worldwide, concurrent with western metabolic epidemics, that is, obesity, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes, and shares major risk factors with these diseases. The corresponding potential for nutritional contributions toward BC prevention is reviewed and related to critical stages in the life cycle and their implications for carcinogenic and pathometabolic trajectories. BC initiation potentially involves diet-related pro-oxidative, inflammatory, and procarcinogenic processes, that interact through combined lipid/fatty acid peroxidation, estrogen metabolism, and related DNA-adduct/depurination/mutation formation. The pathometabolic trajectory is affected by high estrogen, insulin, and growth factor cascades and resultant accelerated proliferation/progression. Anthropometric risk factors - high birth weight, adult tallness, adiposity/BMI, and weight gain - are often reflective of these trends. A sex-based nutritional approach targets women's specific risk in western obesogenic environments, associated with increasing fatness, estrogen metabolism, n-6 : n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid ratio, and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid conversion to proinflammatory/carcinogenic eicosanoids, and effects of timing of life events, for example, ages at menarche, full-term pregnancy, and menopause. Recent large-scale studies have confirmed the effectiveness of the evidence-based recommendations against BC risk, emphasizing low-energy density diets, highly nutritious plant-based regimes, physical activity, and body/abdominal adiposity management. Better understanding of dietary inter-relationships with BC, as applied to food intake, selection, combination, and processing/preparation, and recommended patterns, for example, Mediterranean, DASH, plant-based, low energy density, and low glycemic load, with high nutrient/phytonutrient density, would increase public motivation and authoritative support for early/timely prevention, optimally merging with other dietary/health goals, for lifelong BC prevention.
Management of reproduction and pregnancy complications in maternal obesity: which role for dietary polyphenols?; Obesity is a global and dramatic public health problem; maternal obesity represents one of the main risk factors of infertility and pregnancy complications as it is associated with adverse maternal and offspring outcomes. In the last few years, adipose tissue dysfunction associated with altered adipocytokine secretion has been suggested to play a critical role in all the phases of reproductive process. Obesity is a nutrition-related disorder. In this regard, dietary intervention strategies, such as high intake of fruit and vegetables, have shown significant effects in both preserving health and counteracting obesity-associated diseases. Evidence has been provided that polyphenols, important constituents of plant-derived food, can influence developmental program of oocyte and embryo, as well as pregnancy progression by modulating several cellular pathways. This review will examine the controversial results so far obtained on adipocytokine involvement in fertility impairment and pregnancy complications. Furthermore, the different effects exerted by polyphenols on oocyte, embryo, and pregnancy development will be also taken in account.
Impact of Maternal Micronutrient Intake on Gestational Diabetes Risk: Results from Greece's BORN2020 Prospective Cohort Study.; Understanding how maternal micronutrient intake and dietary habits impact gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is crucial. Data from 797 pregnant women were prospectively analyzed to assess GDM status with the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Nutritional intake was evaluated using a validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) across two periods: Period A, covering 6 months before pregnancy, and Period B, from pregnancy onset to mid-gestation (24 weeks). Micronutrient intakes were compared against the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) dietary reference values (DRVs) and were used to estimate the mean adequacy ratio (MAR) to assess dietary adequacy. GDM was diagnosed in 14.7% (n = 117) of women with the characteristics of a higher mean maternal age (MA) and pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI). Out of the 13 vitamins assessed, biotin, folate, niacin, and pantothenic acid were found significantly higher in the GDM group, as did iron, magnesium, manganese, phosphorus, and zinc from the 10 minerals. The results were influenced by the timing of the assessment. Importantly, MAR was higher during pregnancy and was found to increase the risk of GDM by 1% (95%CI: 1, 1.02). A sensitivity analysis revealed that reducing MAR significantly raised the GDM risk by 68% (95%CI: 1.02, 2.79). No association was revealed between adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) and GDM risk. These findings highlight areas for further investigation into whether dietary modifications involving these specific micronutrients could effectively influence GDM outcomes.
Mediterranean Diet as a Shield against Male Infertility and Cancer Risk Induced by Environmental Pollutants: A Focus on Flavonoids.; The role of environmental factors in influencing health status is well documented. Heavy metals, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), polychlorinated biphenyls, dioxins, pesticides, ultrafine particles, produced by human activities put a strain on the body's entire defense system. Therefore, together with public health measures, evidence-based individual resilience measures are necessary to mitigate cancer risk under environmental stress and to prevent reproductive dysfunction and non-communicable diseases; this is especially relevant for workers occupationally exposed to pollutants and/or populations residing in highly polluted areas. The Mediterranean diet is characterized by a high intake of fruits and vegetables rich in flavonoids, that can promote the elimination of pollutants in tissues and fluids and/or mitigate their effects through different mechanisms. In this review, we collected evidence from pre-clinical and clinical studies showing that the impairment of male fertility and gonadal development, as well as cancers of reproductive system, due to the exposure of organic and inorganic pollutants, may be counteracted by flavonoids.
Social inequalities in health in nonhuman primates.; Overall health has been linked to socioeconomic status, with the gap between social strata increasing each year. Studying the impact of social position on health and biological functioning in nonhuman primates has allowed researchers to model the human condition while avoiding ethical complexities or other difficulties characteristic of human studies. Using female cynomolgus macaques (Macaca fascicularis), our lab has examined the link between social status and stress for 30 years. Female nonhuman primates are especially sensitive to social stressors which can deleteriously affect reproductive health, leading to harmful consequences to their overall health. Subordinates have lower progesterone concentrations during the luteal phase of menstrual cycle, which is indicative of absence or impairment of ovulation. Subordinate animals receive more aggression, less affiliative attention, and are more likely to exhibit depressive behaviors. They also express higher stress-related biomarkers such as increased heart rates and lower mean cortisol. While no differences in body weight between dominant and subordinate animals are observed, subordinates have lower bone density and more visceral fat than their dominant counterparts. The latter increases risk for developing inflammatory diseases. Differences are also observed in neurological and autonomic function. A growing body of data suggests that diet composition may amplify or diminish physiological stress responses which have deleterious effects on health. More experimental investigation of the health effects of diet pattern is needed to further elucidate these differences in an ongoing search to find realistic and long-term solutions to the declining health of individuals living across the ever widening socioeconomic spectrum.
Separation of reproductive decline from lifespan extension during methionine restriction.; Lifespan-extending interventions are generally thought to result in reduced fecundity. The generality of this principle and how it may extend to nutrition and metabolism is not understood. We considered dietary methionine restriction (MR), a lifespan-extending intervention linked to Mediterranean and plant-based diets. Using a chemically defined diet that we developed for Drosophila melanogaster, we surveyed the nutritional landscape in the background of MR and found that folic acid, a vitamin linked to one-carbon metabolism, notably was the lone nutrient that restored reproductive capacity while maintaining lifespan extension. In vivo isotope tracing, metabolomics and flux analysis identified the tricarboxylic cycle and redox coupling as major determinants of the MR-folic acid benefits, in part, as they related to sperm function. Together these findings suggest that dietary interventions optimized for longevity may be separable from adverse effects such as reproductive decline.
Healthy dietary patterns and common pregnancy complications: a prospective and longitudinal study.; BACKGROUND: Adherence to alternate Healthy Eating Index (AHEI), alternate Mediterranean diet (AMED), and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) has been linked to lower risks of chronic diseases. However, their associations with common pregnancy complications are unclear. OBJECTIVES: This study investigates the associations of AHEI, AMED, and DASH during periconception and pregnancy with common pregnancy complication risks. METHODS: The study included 1887 pregnant women from the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Fetal Growth Studies-Singletons. Women responded to an FFQ at 8-13 gestational weeks, and they performed a 24-h dietary recall at 16-22 and 24-29 wk. Gestational diabetes (GDM), gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and preterm delivery were ascertained using medical records. RESULTS: Healthier diet indicated by higher AHEI, AMED, and DASH scores was generally related to lower risks of pregnancy complications. Significant inverse associations were observed between AHEI score reported at 16-22 wk and GDM risk [adjusted RR (95% CI), highest (Q4) vs. lowest quartile (Q1): 0.32 (0.16, 0.66), P-trend = 0.002]; DASH score reported at both 8-13 [adjusted RR (95% CI), Q4 vs. Q1: 0.45 (0.17, 1.17), P-trend = 0.04] and 16-22 wk [adjusted RR (95% CI), Q4 vs. Q1: 0.19 (0.05, 0.65), P-trend = 0.01] and gestational hypertension risk; AHEI score reported at 24-29 wk and preeclampsia risk [adjusted RR (95% CI), Q4 vs. Q1: 0.31 (0.11, 0.87), P-trend = 0.03]; AMED score reported at 8-13 wk [adjusted RR (95% CI), Q4 vs. Q1: 0.50 (0.25, 1.01), P-trend = 0.03] and DASH score reported at 24-29 wk [adjusted RR (95% CI), Q4 vs. Q1: 0.50, (0.26, 0.96), P-trend = 0.03] and preterm delivery risk. CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to AHEI, AMED, or DASH during periconception and pregnancy was related to lower risks of GDM, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and preterm delivery.This study was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov as NCT00912132.
Mediterranean diet and outcomes of assisted reproduction: an Italian cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Detrimental lifestyle habits have been indicated as potential causes of reduced fertility. Recently studies have suggested an association between healthy diets and increased live birth rates after assisted reproduction techniques. However, the issue remains under debate, and evidence is still accumulating. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to study the relationship between a Mediterranean diet and outcomes of assisted reproduction techniques in subfertile couples in an Italian population. STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective cohort study, conducted in an Italian fertility clinic. Couples undergoing in vitro fertilization were interviewed on the day of oocyte retrieval to obtain information on personal and health history, lifestyle habits, and diet. Adherence to a Mediterranean diet was evaluated using a Mediterranean diet score. Relative risks and 95% confidence intervals for embryo transfer, clinical pregnancy, and live birth were calculated. Potential confounders were included in the equation model. RESULTS: Among 474 women (mean age, 36.6 years, range, 27-45), 414 (87.3%) performed embryo transfer, 150 (31.6%) had clinical pregnancies, and 117 (24.7%) had live births. In a model including the potential confounders (age, leisure physical activity, body mass index, smoking, daily calorie intake, and previous failed in vitro fertilization cycles), findings showed that the Mediterranean diet score was not significantly associated with in vitro fertilization outcomes. Adjusted analyses were performed in strata of age, previous assisted reproduction technique cycles, and reasons for infertility, with consistent findings. The only exception was observed in women >35 years old with an intermediate Mediterranean diet score, who showed a lower risk of not achieving clinical pregnancy (adjusted relative risk, 0.84, 95% confidence interval, 0.71-1.00, P = .049). CONCLUSION: No clear association was observed between adherence to a Mediterranean diet and successful in vitro fertilization.
Impact of Exercise Intervention Combined with Optimal Mediterranean Diet Adherence during Pregnancy on Postpartum Body Composition: A Quasi-Experimental Study-The GESTAFIT Project.; This study aimed to investigate whether the effects of an exercise program during pregnancy on postpartum body composition are moderated by following a healthy dietary pattern (i.e., Mediterranean diet (MD)). Eighty-three pregnant women (control n = 40, exercise n = 43) were included in the present quasi-experimental study. The exercise intervention consisted of a 60 min, 3 day/week throughout pregnancy from gestational week 17, supervised concurrent (aerobic + resistance) exercise program. A food frequency questionnaire and the MD Score (min-max: 0-50) were employed to assess dietary habits and the MD adherence during pregnancy, respectively. Postpartum body composition was measured with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, 6 weeks postpartum. The body mass index and the gynecoid fat mass at postpartum were lower in the exercise compared to the control group (p = 0.018 and p = 0.047, respectively). There was an interaction showing that the MD adherence during pregnancy positively moderated the effects of the exercise intervention on postpartum lean mass (p = 0.024), fat mass percentage (p = 0.092), android fat mass (p = 0.076), and android-to-gynecoid fat mass (p = 0.019). The Johnson-Neyman technique revealed that the effects of exercise were enhanced at a MD score of ~31 for lean mass, ~25 for fat mass, ~23 for android fat mass and ~29 for android-to-gynecoid fat mass. Our results suggest that a concurrent-exercise training plus an optimal MD adherence during pregnancy might be a useful strategy to promote a healthier body composition at the postpartum period.
Adherence to a Mediterranean diet and cardio-metabolic risk in postmenopausal women by body composition.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: To evaluate whether cardio-metabolic risk data in obese postmenopausal women are affected by adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet). METHODS AND STUDY DESIGN: This cross-sectional study was conducted in 89 pre-obese and obese postmenopausal women (PMW) aged 40-75 years with a Body Mass Index (BMI) value ≥25 kg/m2. Demographic characteristics, health status, anthropometric measurements, physical activity status, nutritional habits, lipid profile, some biochemical results and cardiovascular risk predictor (CVRP) data were collected by face-to-face interviews. RESULTS: In this study, a negative correlation was found between CVRP and a Mediterranean diet score (MEDI-LITE) scores in pre-obese and obese PMW (p=0.008, p=0.02, respectively). Total cholesterol levels of the obese women were found to be negatively correlated with MEDI-LITE scores (p=0.002). VLDL-cholesterol (p=0.04, p=0.008, respectively) and triglyceride levels (p=0.002, p=0.003, respectively) of the pre-obese and obese women were negatively correlated with MEDI-LITE scores. According to the logistic regression analysis, the variables affecting CVRP negatively in our study were age, smoking, and salt use, while the variables affecting CVRP positively were MEDI-LITE score and omega-3 fatty acid consumption. CONCLUSIONS: In this study, it was observed that the increase in the MedDiet adherence score of the pre-obese and obese women in the postmenopausal period had favourable effect on lipid profile and CVRP. It is considered that adhering to the MedDiet in pre-obese and obese PMW can be recommended as an effective strategy to prevent the increased risk of cardiovascular disease due to advanced age, menopause, and high BMI values.
Ethnic-specific associations between dietary consumption and gestational diabetes mellitus incidence: A meta-analysis.; Globally, one in seven pregnant women are diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), conferring short- and long-term health risks to both mother and child. While dietary prevention strategies are common in clinical practice, their effectiveness in different ethnicities is uncertain. To better inform prevention strategies, here the effects of unhealthy and healthy diets on GDM risk within distinct ethnic or cultural populations and geographic regions were evaluated and summarised. Pubmed, Scopus, Cochrane and OVID were systematically searched to identify randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and observational studies that investigated diet and GDM. A grouped analysis of common 'healthy' and 'unhealthy' diets was performed first, before analysing individual dietary patterns (e.g., prudent, Mediterranean). Random effect models and dose response analyses were performed where possible. PROSPERO (CRD42019140873). Thirty-eight publications provided information on 5 population groups: white European (WE), Asian, Iranian, Mediterranean and Australian. No associations were identified between healthy diets and GDM incidence in RCTs in any population. However, when synthesizing observational studies, healthy diets reduced odds of GDM by 23% (95% CI: 0.70-0.89, p<0.001, I2 = 75%), while unhealthy diets increased odds of GDM by 61% (95% CI: 1.41-1.81, p<0.0001, I2 = 0%) in WE women. No evidence of consistent effects in other populations were observed, even when adequately powered. Diet consistently associated with GDM risk in WEs but not in other populations. Heterogenous use and reporting of ethnically and culturally appropriate diets and dietary assessment tools, particularly in RCTs, raises uncertainty regarding the lack of association found in non-WE populations. Future studies require the use of culturally appropriate tools to confidently evaluate dietary and metabolic mediators of GDM and inform culturally-specific dietary prevention strategies.
Diet quality and well-being in children and adolescents: the UP&DOWN longitudinal study.; The present study examined the association between high-quality diet (using the Mediterranean diet (MD) as an example) and well-being cross-sectionally and prospectively in Spanish children and adolescents. Participants included 533 children and 987 adolescents at baseline and 527 children and 798 adolescents at 2-year follow-up, included in the UP&amp;DOWN study (follow-up in schoolchildren and adolescents with and without Down's syndrome). The present study excluded participants with Down's syndrome. Adherence to an MD was assessed using the KIDMED index. Well-being was measured using the Positive and Negative Affect Schedule and the KIDSCREEN-10 questionnaire. Associations between MD adherence and well-being were assessed using multi-level, mixed-effects linear regression. At baseline, MD adherence was positively related to health-related quality of life in secondary school girls and boys (β=0·41, se 0·10, P&lt;0·001; β=0·46, se 0·10, P&lt;0·001, respectively) and to positive affect in secondary school girls and boys (β=0·16, se 0·05, P=0·006; β=0·20, se 0·05, P&lt;0·001, respectively) and in primary school boys (β=0·20, se 0·08, P=0·019). At 2-year follow-up, MD adherence was negatively related to negative affect in secondary school adolescent girls and boys (β=-0·15, se 0·07, P=0·047; β=-0·16, se 0·06, P=0·019, respectively), and MD adherence was associated with higher positive affect scores in secondary school girls (β=0·30, se 0·06, P&lt;0·001) and in primary school boys (β=0·20, se 0·09, P=0·023). However, MD adherence at baseline did not predict well-being indicators at 2-year follow-up. In conclusion, higher MD adherence was found to behave as a protective factor for positive well-being in cross-sectional analysis.
Efficacy of very low-calorie ketogenic diet with the Pronokal® method in obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a 16-week randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study isto assess the efficacy of a very low-calorie ketogenic diet (VLCKD) method vs a Mediterranean low-calorie diet (LCD) in obese polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) women of a reproductive age. DESIGN: Randomized controlled open-label trial was performed in this study. The treatment period was 16 weeks; VLCKD for 8 weeks then LCD for 8 weeks, according to the Pronokal® method (experimental group; n = 15) vs Mediterranean LCD for 16 weeks (control group; n = 15). Ovulation monitoring was carried out at baseline and after 16 weeks, while a clinical exam, bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA), anthropometry, and biochemical analyses were performed at baseline, at week 8, and at week 16. RESULTS: BMI decreased significantly in both groups and to a major extent in the experimental group (-13.7% vs -5.1%, P = 0.0003). Significant differences between the experimental and the control groups were also observed in the reduction of waist circumference (-11.4% vs -2.9%), BIA-measured body fat (-24.0% vs -8.1%), and free testosterone (-30.4% vs -12.6%) after 16 weeks (P = 0.0008, P = 0.0176, and P = 0.0009, respectively). Homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance significantly decreased only in the experimental group (P = 0.0238) but without significant differences with respect to the control group (-23% vs -13.2%, P > 0.05). At baseline, 38.5% of participants in the experimental group and 14.3% of participants in the control group had ovulation, which increased to 84.6% (P = 0.031) and 35.7% (P > 0.05) at the end of the study, respectively. CONCLUSION: In obese PCOS patients, 16 weeks of VLCKD protocol with the Pronokal® method was more effective than Mediterranean LCD in reducing total and visceral fat, and in ameliorating hyperandrogenism and ovulatory dysfunction. SIGNIFICANCE STATEMENTS: To the best of our knowledge, this is the first randomized controlled trial on the use of the VLCKD method in obese PCOS. It demonstrates the superiority of VLCKD with respect to Mediterranean LCD in reducing BMI with an almost selective reduction of fat mass and a unique effect of VLCKD in reducing visceral adiposity, insulin resistance, and in increasing SHBG with a consequent reduction of free testosterone. Interestingly, this study also demonstrates the superiority of the VLCKD protocol in improving ovulation, whose occurrence increased by 46.1% in the group treated by the VLCKD method against a rise of 21.4% in the group treated by Mediterranean LCD. This study extends the therapeutic approach possibilities in obese PCOS women.
Losing Weight after Menopause with Minimal Aerobic Training and Mediterranean Diet.; It is a common belief that menopausal women have greater difficulty losing weight. The aim of this study was to assess the efficacy of a Mediterranean diet (MD) to promote weight loss in postmenopausal women. All participants were prescribed a hypocaloric traditional MD, tailored to the individual. Subjects were asked not to begin any kind of physical activity. Body composition was measured at the beginning and after 8 weeks of treatment. In total, 89 women (age 52.8 ± 4.5 years, BMI 30.0 ± 5.2 kg/m(2), fat mass 31.6 ± 10.5 kg) were divided into two groups: the first group consisted of fertile women over 45 years of age, the second group consisted of those diagnosed as menopausal. All women had an improvement in body composition (fat mass -2.3 ± 2.1 kg, p < 0.001; protein -0.1 ± 0.7 kg, p = 0.190) and blood pressure values. No differences were found between the two groups except for a higher reduction of low-density lipoprotein in the menopausal group (p = 0.035). A positive significant correlation between plant to animal protein ratio and fat-free mass variation was found in the menopausal group. These data suggest that a high adherence to a traditional MD would enable menopausal women to lose fat mass and maintain muscle mass with no significant difference to younger women. Fat mass reduction provides menopausal women with improved cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors.
Nutrition and health during mid-life: searching for solutions and meeting challenges for the aging population.; Interactions between genetic (genome) and environmental factors (epigenome) operate during a person's entire lifespan. The aging process is associated with several cellular and organic functional alterations that, at the end, cause multi-organic cell failure. Epigenetic mechanisms of aging are modifiable by appropriate preventive actions mediated by sirtuins, caloric input, diet components, adipose tissue-related inflammatory reactions, and physical activity. The Mediterranean lifestyle has been for many millennia a daily habit for people in Western civilizations living around the Mediterranean sea who worked intensively and survived with very few seasonal foods. A high adherence to the traditional Mediterranean diet is associated with low mortality (higher longevity) and reduced risk of developing chronic diseases, including cancer, the metabolic syndrome, depression and cardiovascular and neurodegenerative diseases. Reports indicate that some dietary components, such as olive oil, antioxidants, omega-3 and -6 polyunsaturated acids, polyphenols and flavonoids, mediate beneficial anti-aging effects (anti-chronic diseases and increased longevity). Equally, physical activity displays a positive effect, producing caloric consumption and regulation of adipose and pancreatic function. The predictive strength of some food patterns may be a way of developing recommendations for food and health policies. This paper will discuss several ways of improving health during mid-life, focusing on certain groups of functional foods and healthy habits which may reduce or prevent age-related chronic diseases.
Chronotype: A Tool to Screen Eating Habits in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome?; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorders in women of reproductive age, whose lifestyle approach is an essential part of the treatment. Recently, chronotype, i.e., a trait that determines individual’s circadian preference in behavioral and biological rhythms, has been reported to play a role in determining nutrition preferences and the risk of developing chronic diseases. Thus, the aim of this study was to investigate if chronotype categories (morning, evening, and neither) could be used as tool to screen eating habits in women with PCOS. In this observational cross-sectional study, we assessed anthropometric measurements, lifestyle habits, chronotype categories, adherence to the Mediterranean Diet, dietary pattern, and metabolic parameters in 112 women with PCOS. Chronotype was classified as morning in 27.7%, evening in 42.9%, and neither in 29.5% of subjects. Women with PCOS with evening chronotype showed significantly higher percentages of grade I (p = 0.003) and grade II obesity (p = 0.001), did less regular exercise (p < 0.001), and most of them were smokers (p < 0.001) compared to those with neither and morning chronotypes. Women with PCOS with evening chronotype were significantly more insulin resistant (Homeostatic Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HoMA-IR) cut off > 2.5) than other two chronotypes (p < 0.001). Women with PCOS with evening chronotype had the lowest PREvención con DIetaMEDiterránea (PREDIMED) score, consumed more calories (p < 0.001), total (p < 0.001) and simple carbohydrates (p < 0.001), total fat (p < 0.001) and saturated fatty acids (p < 0.001), polyunsaturated fatty acids (p < 0.001) and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (p < 0.001), and less fiber (p < 0.001) than women with PCOS with other chronotypes. In addition, women with PCOS with evening chronotype consumed less extra virgin olive oil (p = 0.001), legumes (p = 0.038), fish/seafood (p < 0.001), and tree nuts (p = 0.041) than women with PCOS of the other two chronotype categories and less red wine (p < 0.001) and more red/processed meat (p < 0.001) than women with PCOS with morning chronotype. In conclusion, in women with PCOS, evening chronotype has been associated with a most severe insulin resistance and unhealthiest eating habits. Thus, chronotype assessment could be an effective tool to screen the eating habits, and more generally the lifestyle, of women with PCOS.
Diet Plus Inositols, α-Lactalbumin and Gymnema sylvestre: The Successful Combo to Restore Body Weight and Metabolic Profile in Obese and Dysmetabolic Patients.; The primary control of dysmetabolic patients is extremely challenging worldwide, with inadequate dietary habits and sporadic physical activity among the key risk factors for metabolic syndrome onset. Nowadays, there is no exclusive treatment for this condition, and considering that preventive measures usually fail, new therapeutic approaches need to be proposed and investigated. This present pilot study compared the effects of diet alone and in association with a combination of myo-inositol and d-chiro-inositol in their 40:1 ratio, α-lactalbumin, and Gymnema sylvestre on different metabolic parameters in obese dysmetabolic patients. To this purpose, 37 patients with BMI between 30 and 40 and fasting blood glucose between 100 and 125 mg/dL were divided into two groups: (i) the control group followed a hypocaloric Mediterranean diet, (ii) while the study group was also supplemented with a daily dosage of two sachets, each one containing 1950 mg myo-inositol, 50 mg d-chiro-inositol, 50 mg α-lactalbumin, and 250 mg Gymnema Sylvestre. After a 6-month treatment, all parameters improved in both groups. Nevertheless, the treated group experienced a greater improvement, especially concerning the variation from the baseline of HOMA index, triglycerides, BMI, body weight, and waist circumference. These findings support the supplementation with myo-inositol and d-chiro-inositol in the 40:1 ratio, α-lactalbumin, and Gymnema sylvestre as a therapeutical strategy to potentiate the beneficial effects induced via dietary programs in dysmetabolic patients.
Low Adherence to Mediterranean Diet in Portugal: Pregnant Women Nutrition in Portugal and its Repercussions.; INTRODUCTION: Portuguese population is drifting away from the Mediterranean diet-like pattern. In this context, the current nutritionalstatus of women of childbearing age and of pregnant Portuguese women and their growing fetuses is critically reviewed. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A narrative critical review was performed on recent published high quality studies assessing diet and nutritional status of women of childbearing age and pregnant women and its influence on the nutritional status of their offspring. RESULTS: Data from five multinational ecological studies that included Portugal, two national official surveys on food availability, seven national studies on the diet and nutritional status of women of childbearing age and pregnant women, and five national studies on the effect of nutritional maternal factors on their growing fetuses were selected and analyzed. The prevalence of overweight/obesity has dramatically increased in Portuguese women of childbearing age and pregnant women, associated with the described trend of low adherence to Mediterranean diet. Variations in energy and macronutrients intakes during pregnancy seem to have no significantly impact on the nutritional status of growing fetuses. On contrary, pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity has been associated with increased offspring adiposity at birth, and an excessive gestational weight gain may be associated with offspring's overweight status in childhood. Factors potentially contributing to low adherence to the Mediterranean diet, deserving further investigation, include European Union agriculture policies that have implemented the production of non-Mediterranean food groups at low cost, and insufficient financial capacity to afford foods of quality reported by Portuguese population. CONCLUSION: Retrieving traditional Mediterranean dietary habits should be incorporated into strategies for prevention and treatment ofoverweight/obesity in Portugal, especially in women of childbearing age.
Addressing inequalities and improving maternal and infant outcomes: the potential power of nutritional interventions across the reproductive cycle.; Maternal nutrition is essential for optimal health and well-being of women and their infants. This review aims to provide a critical overview of the evidence-base relating to maternal weight, obesity-related health inequalities and dietary interventions encompassing the reproductive cycle: preconception, pregnancy, postnatal and interpregnancy. We provide an overview of UK data showing that overweight and obesity affects half of UK pregnancies, with increased prevalence among more deprived and minoritised ethnic populations, and with significant health and cost implications. The existing intervention evidence-base primarily focuses on the pregnancy period, where extensive evidence demonstrates the power of interventions to improve maternal diet behaviours, and minimise gestational weight gain and postnatal weight retention. There is a lack of consistency in the intervention evidence-base relating to interventions improving pregnancy health outcomes, although there is evidence of the potential power of the Mediterranean and low glycaemic index diets in improving short- and long-term health of women and their infants. Postnatal interventions focus on weight loss, with some evidence of cost-effectiveness. There is an evidence gap for preconception and interpregnancy interventions. We conclude by identifying that interventions do not address cumulative maternal obesity inequalities and overly focus on individual behaviour change. There is a lack of a joined-up approach for interventions throughout the entire reproductive cycle, with a current focus on specific stages (i.e. pregnancy) in isolation. Moving forward, the potential power of nutritional interventions using a more holistic approach across the different reproductive stages is needed to maximise the benefits on health for women and children.
Cardiovascular risk in climacteric women: focus on diet.; A literature search was made using PubMed. The proportion of postmenopausal women has been continually increasing because of enhanced life expectancy. However, accompanying this trend, there is an observed increase in mortality due to cardiovascular disease (CVD). All over the world, obesity rates are increasing and this fact is associated with expanded rates of hypertension, dyslipidemia, and diabetes. Many of these well-known risk factors for CVD can be modified by lifestyle changes. For this reason, nutritional strategies to prevent CVD in this population should be a primary objective for health-care providers. Any attempt at lifestyle modification should include behavioral changes and the implementation of healthy diets and physical activity. The Mediterranean diet is comparable with other interventions such as aspirin, statins, physical activity, and even antihypertensives in terms of reducing the risk of CVD morbidity, mortality and events. The aim of this review is to analyze the effect of dietary advice on postmenopausal women's health.
Mediterranean diet in type 2 diabetes: An updated overview of pharmacological activities of cardiometabolic and reproductive outcomes.; Mediterranean diet represents an optimal "way of living" to pursue in order to preserve health and well-being. A large body of evidence indicates that the Mediterranean diet is effective in preventing diabetes and improving both glycemic control and cardiometabolic health in people with type 2 diabetes. Moreover, in the recent years a growing interest risen on the importance of dietary style choice in both male and female sexual and reproductive health. This review aims at providing an updated overview of the latest available evidence on the effects of Mediterranean diet on cardiovascular, metabolic, and reproductive health in the context of type 2 diabetes.
Soft drink consumption and gestational diabetes risk in the SUN project.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevalence is increasing worldwide. To the best of our knowledge the specific evaluation of soft drink consumption as a risk factor for developing GDM has only been conducted in the Nurses' Health Study II. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the incidence of GDM according to soft drink consumption in the SUN project. DESIGN: The "Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra" (SUN) project is a prospective and dynamic cohort which included data of 3396 women who notified at least one pregnancy between December 1999 and March 2012. A validated 136-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire was used to assess soft drink consumption. Four categories of sugar-sweetened soft drink (SSSD) and diet soft drink (DSD) consumption (servings) were established: rarely or never (<1/month), low (1-3/month), intermediate (>3/month and ≤1/week) and high (≥2/week). Potential confounders were adjusted through non-conditional logistic regression models. RESULTS: During the follow-up, we identified 172 incident cases of GDM. After adjusting for age, baseline body mass index, family history of diabetes, smoking, total energy intake, physical activity, parity, fast-food consumption, adherence to Mediterranean dietary pattern, alcohol intake, multiple pregnancy, cardiovascular disease/hypertension at baseline, fiber intake, following special diet and snacking, SSSD consumption was significantly associated with an increased risk of incident GDM, with multivariable adjusted odds ratios (OR) of 2.03 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.25-3.31) and 1.67 (95% CI: 1.01-2.77) for the highest and intermediate categories, respectively, versus the lowest category (p for linear trend: 0.006). Conversely, DSD consumption was not associated with GDM incidence (adjusted OR: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.52-1.31) for the highest versus the lowest category (p for linear trend: 0.258). Additional sensitivity analyses did not change the results. CONCLUSION: Higher consumption of SSSDs before pregnancy was an independent risk factor for GDM, however, no association was observed between DSD consumption and GDM risk.
Influence of the Mediterranean diet on seminal quality-a systematic review.; Currently, there is a growing interest in the study of fertility because fertility-related problems affect up to 15% of the world's population. The aim of this study was to determine the influence of the Mediterranean diet on seminal quality in men of reproductive age. For this purpose, a systematic review of the literature was carried out following the PRISMA method. Electronic searches were carried out in the international databases PubMed, Scopus, the Cochrane Library, and Web of Science. In total, 10 articles with 2032 men were included. As inclusion criteria, articles published between 2012 and 2022 were selected, including those that included men aged between 18 and 55 years. Nutritional status was assessed through weight, height, and BMI. Dietary habits were evaluated through different indexes and food frequency questionnaires, and finally, semen quality was evaluated by measuring sperm concentration and motility (progressive and non-progressive). In six (60%) of the included articles, a positive relationship between adherence to the Mediterranean diet and semen quality was demonstrated; in two (20%) of the articles, no association was found; and finally, in two (20%) of the included articles, the relationship between dietary patterns typical of DM and semen quality was evaluated. Dietary habits influence semen quality. Adherence to the Mediterranean diet can improve male reproductive health, as it is a diet with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects. This is the first systematic review about the influence of the Mediterranean diet on semen quality, and the results are positive. These findings may allow us to provide better advice to our patients and to establish interventions with the aim of improving the results of assisted reproduction techniques.
Grape flavonoids and menopausal health.; Grape flavonoids are members of a larger group of plant compounds called polyphenols. Epidemiological evidence relating to the traditional Mediterranean diet, which is high in polyphenols, derived from vegetables and red wine, suggests that dietary polyphenols are of benefit to health and reduce the incidence of cardiovascular disease. Overall, the evidence is promising for the benefit of grape flavonoids in the form of red wine, red grape juice and related preparations for cardiovascular risk factors. There are data to suggest a reduction in platelet activation, inflammation and low-density lipoprotein oxidation, and improvement of endothelial function with grape flavonoids. The evidence for grape flavonoids and renal function, cognition and cancer is less clear. However, it is important to note that much of this research has been carried out in animal and cell models; relatively little work has been done in humans and specifically on the health of menopausal women. There are no general safety concerns with ingestion of grape products. Obviously, consumption of red wine should be within recommended limits and it should be noted that grape juice has high sugar content. Grape flavonoids are also available as a supplement. In conclusion, it is likely that grape flavonoids do benefit the menopausal women. Further research is needed on the mode and dosage of application to maximize these benefits.
Association between dietary patterns and periodontal disease: The OsteoPerio cohort study.; AIM: To examine the association of dietary patterns with periodontal disease (PD) and its progression over 5 years. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Analyses involved 1197 post-menopausal women from the OsteoPerio cohort. Dietary patterns assessed include Healthy Eating Index-2015 (HEI), Alternative HEI (AHEI), Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) and alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMed) at baseline (the average of two food frequency questionnaires administered between 1993 and 2001). At baseline and the 5-year follow-up, periodontal assessments evaluated alveolar crestal height (ACH), probing pocket depth (PPD), clinical attachment loss (CAL), percentage of gingival sites bleeding on probing (%BOP) and missing teeth due to PD. Linear and logistic regression were used to examine the associations. RESULTS: Cross-sectionally, HEI and aMed were associated with smaller CAL and %BOP; along with DASH, they were associated with a decreased odds of teeth missing due to PD. AHEI and aMed were associated with a decreased odds of severe PD. Prospectively, AHEI was associated with greater ACH progression. This association was attenuated to the null after loss of ACH was imputed for teeth lost due to PD over follow-up, or after excluding participants with diabetes, osteoporosis, hypertension or heart disease at baseline. CONCLUSIONS: Better adherence to healthy dietary patterns was associated with better PD measures cross-sectionally but greater progression of ACH over 5 years. The latter might be explained by incident tooth loss due to PD and pre-existing comorbidities.
Mediterranean diet and health: A systematic review of epidemiological studies and intervention trials.; Diet is a crucial variable for a healthy life. A rapidly growing number of studies in recent years support the hypothesis that the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) has a beneficial effect on certain body systems, but the highly varied objectives and quality of these publications warrants an updated assessment. In the present review we performed a comprehensive evaluation of current evidence on the impact of the MedDiet on human health, assessing its effect on the incidence or progression of the main non-communicable diseases and their intermediate outcomes and risk factors. We scrutinised the clinical evidence from observational studies and randomised controlled trials. Cardiovascular disease was the condition with most information. The MedDiet showed a general preventive effect, which was reproduced to varying degrees for certain intermediate cardiovascular outcomes such as blood pressure, lipids, obesity, metabolic syndrome and diabetes. Benefits were also found for several types of cancer, brain function (including cognition, mood and to a lesser extent Parkinson's disease) and mortality. The quality of the published evidence was, however, generally moderate or low. In conclusion, the MedDiet shows a favourable impact on health. General adoption of a MedDiet is concordant with current policies promoting healthy and sustainable nutrition worldwide. Nonetheless, more high-quality research is needed to improve the consistency of the findings.
The PREDG study: A randomised controlled trial testing whether an educational intervention can prevent gestational weight gain in women with obesity.; OBJECTIVE: The PREDG trial was designed to study the influence of an educative program on gestational weight gain in women with pregestational obesity. METHODS: Randomized controlled clinical trial (https://www.isrctn.com/ISRCTN61793947) in 169 women with pregestational obesity (BMI ≥30 kg/m(2)). Women were randomized to participate in a group education program in nutrition and physical activity or conventional follow-up in a specialized Unit of Obesity and Pregnancy. The nutritional intervention was adjusted to prepregnancy BMI and to the physical activity intensity. Quality was based on the Mediterranean diet. Macronutrients were distributed as follows: 50% carbohydrates, 20% protein and 30% fat. Adequate gestational weight gain was defined between 5 and 9 kg (IOM 2009). Mean gestational weight gain was compared between groups by using the T Student test and frequencies of adequate gestational weight gain were compared by using ꓫ(2). RESULTS: Gestational weight gain was lower in the intervention group: 8 (4-11) vs 9.2 (6-13) kg, p 0.026. Gestational weight gain was below 9 kg in 24 of 39 (61.5%) women of the intervention vs 10 of 41 (24.4%) of the control group (p 0.001). Regarding obstetric complications, there were 15 (8.3%) cases of gestational diabetes with no differences between the groups. There were 14 of 85 (18.2%) cases of gestational hypertension or preeclampsia in the intervention group compared with 26 of 84 (32.5%) in the control group (p 0.040). With reference to neonatal weight, there were 7 of 82 (8.5%) large for gestational age neonates in the intervention group compared with 15 of 79 (19.2%) in the control group (p 0.050). CONCLUSIONS: A group-based educative and structured intervention results in an adequate weight gain and lower rates of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and large for gestational age neonates in pregnant women with obesity.
Are Dietary Indices Associated with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome and Its Phenotypes? A Preliminary Study.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a complex hormonal disorder which impairs ovarian function. The adherence to healthy dietary patterns and physical exercise are the first line of recommended treatment for PCOS patients, but it is yet unclear what type of diet is more adequate. In this case-control study, we explored associations between adherence to five dietary quality indices and the presence of PCOS. We enrolled 126 cases of PCOS and 159 controls living in Murcia (Spain). Diagnostic of PCOS and its phenotypes were established following the Rotterdam criteria (hyperandrogenism (H), oligoanovulation (O), polycystic ovaries morphology (POM)). We used a validated food frequency questionnaires to calculate the scores of five dietary indices: alternate Healthy Eating index (AHEI), AHEI-2010, relative Mediterranean Dietary Score (rMED), alternate Mediterranean Dietary Score (aMED) and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH). We used multivariable logistic regression to estimate adjusted odds ratios and confidence intervals. In the multivariable analysis, AHEI-2010 index was inversely associated with Hyperandrogenism + Oligoanovulation PCOS phenotype (OR(Q3) vs. (Q1) = 0.1; 95% CI: (0.0; 0.9); P(for trend) = 0.02). We did not find any statistical significant association between dietary indices and total anovulatory or ovulatory PCOS. However, further studies with higher sample sizes exploring these associations among the diverse phenotypes of PCOS are highly warranted.
Mediterranean Diet Adherence beyond Boundaries: Sociodemographic and Pregnancy-Related Determinants among Saudi Women.; Although the expected benefits of the Mediterranean diet (MD) are comprehensive, its implementation is hampered by poor adherence. Several factors can affect adherence to MD guidelines. The current study aimed to explore sociodemographic and pregnancy-related determinants of MD adherence among Saudi women. A correlational cross-sectional research design was conducted on a snowball sample of 774 pregnant women from the Najran region, Saudi Arabia, using an online survey between February and May 2024. A self-administered questionnaire consisting of sociodemographic data, pregnancy-related characteristics, and the MD scale was used for data collection. The current study showed that only 32.2% of participants had high adherence to the MD, and 57.6% had moderate adherence. Regarding sociodemographic determinants of MD adherence, highly educated, older women with lower pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and higher monthly income increased the probability of high adherence to the MD (p < 0.05). In addition, being physically active before or during pregnancy significantly increased the woman's probability of having higher adherence to the MD (p < 0.05). Concerning pregnancy-related determinants, having a planned pregnancy and regular antenatal care (ANC) increased the woman's probability of high adherence to the MD by nearly 1.3 times (p < 0.05). In addition, low adherence to the MD increases the risk of gestational diabetes. In conclusion, numerous sociodemographic and pregnancy-related determinacies can significantly affect a woman's adherence to the MD. Healthcare providers should address these determinants during the planning and implementation of pregnant women's nutritional counseling to make the counseling process woman-centered and more effective.
Association Between Western and Mediterranean Dietary Patterns and Mammographic Density.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between two dietary patterns (Western and Mediterranean), previously linked to breast cancer risk, and mammographic density. METHODS: This cross-sectional study included 3,584 women attending population-based breast cancer screening programs and recruited between October 7, 2007, and July 14, 2008 (participation rate 74.5%). Collected data included anthropometric measurements; demographic, obstetric, and gynecologic characteristics; family and personal health history; and diet in the preceding year. Mammographic density was blindly assessed by a single radiologist and classified into four categories: less than 10%, 10-25%, 25-50%, and greater than 50%. The association between adherence to either a Western or a Mediterranean dietary pattern and mammographic density was explored using multivariable ordinal logistic regression models with random center-specific intercepts. Models were adjusted for age, body mass index, parity, menopause, smoking, family history, hormonal treatment, and calorie and alcohol intake. Differences according to women's characteristics were tested including interaction terms. RESULTS: Women with a higher adherence to the Western dietary pattern were more likely to have high mammographic density (n=242 [27%]) than women with low adherence (n=169 [19%]) with a fully adjusted odds ratio (ORQ4vsQ1) of 1.25 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.03-1.52). This association was confined to overweight-obese women (adjusted ORQ4vsQ1 [95% CI] 1.41 [1.13-1.76]). No association between Mediterranean dietary pattern and mammographic density was observed. CONCLUSION: The Western dietary pattern was associated with increased mammographic density among overweight-obese women. Our results might inform specific dietary recommendations for women with high mammographic density.
Mediterranean diet, tobacco consumption and body composition during perimenopause. The FLAMENCO project.; OBJECTIVE: To study the association of the adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) and tobacco consumption with body composition during perimenopause. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: A cross-sectional study in 176 perimenopausal women from the FLAMENCO project. A food frequency questionnaire and the Mediterranean Diet Score were assessed. Body composition was measured using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. MAIN OUTCOMES MEASURES: Body mass index (BMI), fat mass (FM), ratio of gynecoid to total fat mass (G/T), ratio of android to gynecoid fat mass (A/G), visceral adipose tissue (VAT) and waist circumference (WC). RESULTS: Intake of whole-grain cereals was associated with lower WC, FM percentage, android FM, VAT and higher G/T (all p < 0.05). Intake of nuts was associated with lower BMI and FM percentage and intake of fruits with lower BMI, WC, total and android FM, FM percentage, A/G, VAT and higher G/T (all p < 0.05). Intake of pulses was associated with lower weight, BMI and android FM. Intake of whole dairy products was associated with lower weight, BMI, WC, total and android FM and VAT (all p < 0.05). Intake of olive oil was associated with lower WC and FM percentage (all p < 0.05). Intake of sweetened beverages was associated with higher weight, BMI, WC, FM percentage, android FM, VAT and total FM (all, p < 0.05). Smokers had a lower MD adherence (p < 0.05). Finally, a greater MD adherence was associated with higher G/T (p < 0.01) and lower A/G (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: A higher MD adherence, avoiding tobacco, an increased consumption of whole-grain cereals, nuts, fruits, pulses, whole dairy products and olive oil, and a lower consumption of sweetened beverages might contribute to a healthier body composition during perimenopause.
Precision Nutrition for Management of Cardiovascular Disease Risk during Menopause.; BACKGROUND: Women can spend up to 40% of their lives in the postmenopausal state. As women begin to transition into menopause, known as perimenopause, changes in hormonal concentrations and body composition dramatically increase overall cardiometabolic risk. Dietary patterns and interventions can be utilized to prevent and treat cardiovascular disease (CVD) and some dietary patterns over others may be more beneficial due to their specific effects on the health aspects of menopause. In this narrative review, we summarize key cardiovascular alterations that occur during the menopause transition and explore current dietary recommendations to address CVD risk as well as explore the new frontier of precision nutrition and the implications for nutrition prescription during menopause. SUMMARY: Popular dietary interventions for CVD such as the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and the Mediterranean diet (MED) have limited data in women following menopause. However, both diets improve CVD risk biomarkers of total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol as well as lower oxidative stress and inflammation and improve endothelial function. As the menopause transition increases the risk for developing metabolic syndrome, insulin insensitivity, and dyslipidemia, the DASH diet and MED may be impactful dietary strategies for mediating CVD risk in menopausal women. However, these are "one-size-fits-all" approaches that neglect individual characteristics such as genetic predisposition and environmental factors. Precision nutrition considers individual factors for nutrition prescription, spanning from evaluating food intake preferences and behaviors to deep phenotyping. Data from a large-scale investigation of the menopause transition suggests nutritional strategies that address postprandial glycemic responses, and the gut microbiome may attenuate some of the unfavorable effects of menopause on CVD risk factors. KEY MESSAGES: Considering menopause, women are a clinical population that would greatly benefit from precision nutrition. Future research should explore the use of machine learning and artificial intelligence in a precision nutrition framework to modify the DASH diet and MED to address adverse effects that occur during the menopause transition are vital for supporting women's health as they age.
Associations between the Mediterranean Diet Pattern and Weight Status and Cognitive Development in Preschool Children.; Cognitive dysfunctions are a global health concern. Early-life diet and weight status may contribute to children's cognitive development. For this reason, we explored the associations between habitual food consumption, body mass index (BMI) and cognitive outcomes in 54 preschool children belonging to the Pisa birth Cohort (PISAC). We estimated groups of foods, nutrients and calorie intakes through a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and Italian national databases. Then, we adopted the Mediterranean diet (MD) score to assess relative MD adherence. Cognition was examined using the Griffiths Mental Development Scales-Extended Revised (GMDS-ER). We found that higher, compared to low and moderate, adherence to MD was associated with higher performance scores. Furthermore, white meat consumption was positively related to BMI, and BMI (age-gender specific, z-scores) categories were negatively related to practical reasoning scores. All associations were independent of maternal IQ estimates, parents' socioeconomic status, exclusive/non-exclusive breastfeeding, actual age at cognitive assessment and gender. In conclusion, in preschool children, very high adherence to MD seemed protective, whereas BMI (reinforced by the intake of white meat) was negatively associated with cognition.
The Mediterranean and other Dietary Patterns in Secondary Cardiovascular Disease Prevention: A Review.; Cardiovascular Disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death and disability worldwide, with increased hospital discharge rates, causing a serious public health issue and an economic burden. Recent demographic transitions, including ageing of the population, low fertility, urbanization and shift towards unhealthy behaviours have resulted in an increase in the prevalence of cardiometabolic disorders (i.e. hypertension, obesity, diabetes). According to the reports of international organisations, a substantial number of heart attacks could have been prevented through lifestyle modifications (i.e. diet, physical activity, smoking cessation). Regarding secondary prevention, it is well documented that effective cardiovascular rehabilitation requires a multidisciplinary approach, including medical treatment, as well as lifestyle changes. Diet has been recognised as one of the most important modifiable and preventable factors, being undoubtedly beneficial in primary prevention, as well as among cardiac patients. However, studies among CVD patients are scarce, and with inconclusive results. The most studied dietary pattern is the Mediterranean-type diet, with several observational studies and clinical trials demonstrating its protective role against recurrent cardiac events, whereas evidence regarding other well-known models, including Western-type, Vegetarian, Asian-type and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, are more limited. The aim of this review was to present an overview of the most prevalent dietary patterns and their role in the secondary CVD prevention and management.
The role of nutrition in the development and management of gestational diabetes among Iranian women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; PURPOSE: We aimed to review existing evidence on nutrition associations with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) development and management among Iranian women. METHODS: Web of Science, PubMed, Scopus, SID, and Magiran were searched up to August 2020. Observational studies on associations between circulatory markers of vitamins and minerals, dietary intakes, and GDM and clinical trials of the effects of nutritional supplementations or dietary modifications on management or prevention of GDM among Iranian women were selected. RESULTS: We reviewed 49 publications. Pooled analyses revealed that GDM women had lower serum vitamin D (-8.31 nmol/l (95% CIs= -14.4, -2.19), higher serum iron (26.2 μg/dl (95% CIs= 2.52, 49.8), ferritin (24.1 ng/ml (95% CIs= 15.0, 33.4), and haemoglobin (1.14 g/dl (95% CIs: 0.32, 1.96) levels than non-GDM women. Single studies found the inverse associations of the Mediterranean diet, dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet, plant-based dietary index, and the direct associations of dietary acid load and dietary inflammatory index with the odds of GDM. Vitamin D supplementation early in pregnancy prevented GDM in two clinical trials. In two studies, iron supplementation's effect on GDM in non-anemic women was inconsistent. Pooled analyses of probiotic supplementation in women with GDM showed no significant impact on maternal glycemia. CONCLUSIONS: Vitamin D supplementation early in pregnancy may reduce the incidence of GDM. There is no compelling evidence that vitamin D or probiotics can help with GDM management. There is currently inadequate data to recommend a specific dietary pattern to prevent GDM in Iranian women. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: The online version contains supplementary material available at 10.1007/s40200-021-00944-7.
Dietary patterns and fecundability in 2 prospective preconception cohorts.; BACKGROUND: Diet is increasingly recognized as an important determinant of human fertility, with most research focused on specific nutrients or food groups. However, there has been limited assessment of the effect of dietary patterns on fertility. OBJECTIVES: We evaluated the association between 4 dietary patterns [the alternative Mediterranean Diet (aMed), the Healthy Eating Index-2010 (HEI-2010), the Danish Dietary Guidelines (DDGI), and the Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII)] and fecundability in 2 preconception cohorts of couples trying to conceive: SF (SnartForaeldre.dk) in Denmark and PRESTO (Pregnancy Study Online) in North America. METHODS: Participants completed a baseline questionnaire on sociodemographic, anthropometric, and lifestyle factors and, 10 d later, a validated cohort-specific FFQ. We used data from these respective FFQs to calculate adherence to each dietary pattern. Participants completed bimonthly follow-up questionnaires for ≤12 mo or until pregnancy, whichever came first. We restricted analyses to 3429 SF and 5803 PRESTO participants attempting pregnancy for ≤6 cycles at enrollment. We used proportional probabilities regression models to estimate fecundability ratios (FRs) and 95% CIs, adjusting for potential confounders. RESULTS: Greater DII, indicative of a less anti-inflammatory diet (i.e., poorer diet quality), was associated with reduced fecundability in both SF and PRESTO (DII ≥ -1.5 compared with < -3.3: FR: 0.83; 95% CI: 0.71, 0.97 and FR: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.73, 0.93, respectively). In PRESTO, greater adherence to the aMed or to the HEI-2010 was associated with greater fecundability. In SF, there was no appreciable association between the aMed and fecundability, whereas greater adherence to the DDGI was associated with greater fecundability. CONCLUSIONS: In prospective preconception cohort studies from Denmark and North America, higher-quality diets, including diets lower in inflammatory effects, were associated with greater fecundability.
Nutrients that modulate gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review of cohort studies Jan 2019-Jan 2020.; BACKGROUND: The role of eating habits of pregnant women in the development and treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is well established. OBJECTIVES: To estimate the contribution of specific nutrients and dietary patterns in the development or privation of GDM in pregnant women. DATA SOURCES: A systematic review of cohort studies, published between January 2019 and January 2020, of English articles using PubMed, Scopus and Europe PMC databases. Search terms included diabetes, pregnancy, dietary, food, and nutrients. STUDY SELECTION: Only cohort studies about the association between eating habits before and during pregnancy and the risk of GDM in English were included. The studies used dietary patterns, specific nutrients or records of food intake of the participants using a questionnaire. DATA EXTRACTION: Two authors independently extracted data from articles-including dietary patterns, food intake, nutrients, number and demographic data of participants, data about pregnancies-using predefined criteria. RESULTS: In total, 28 cohort studies were organised to examine the correlation between dietary patterns and the prevention of GDM. Studies were conducted in 13 countries and included 3 058 242 participants. Of those, 13 (46%) studies focused on the consumption of vitamins, probiotics, micronutrients, folate, vegetables and fruits. Moreover, seven (25%) studies focused on what is considered to be "unhealthy" eating habits, including prudent and Western dietary patterns. The mediterranean pattern was used in three (11%) studies. CONCLUSIONS: Ongoing studies support advice to adhere to a healthy balanced diet, with the addition of folic acid and a multi-vitamin suitable for pregnancy. There is new evidence suggesting probiotics and cod-liver oil supplementation may improve glycaemic control and also the important consideration of the psychological influences of eating.
Prepregnancy dietary patterns and risk of pregnancy loss.; BACKGROUND: Two previous case-control studies observed associations between specific food groups and risk of miscarriage; however, to our knowledge, no previous studies have investigated dietary patterns and risk of pregnancy loss. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to assess prepregnancy adherence to the alternate Healthy Eating Index 2010 (aHEI-2010), alternate Mediterranean diet (aMED), and Fertility Diet (FD) and risk of pregnancy loss. DESIGN: Our prospective cohort study included 15,950 pregnancies reported by 11,072 women in the Nurses' Health Study II between 1992 and 2009. Diet was assessed every 4 y starting in 1991 by using a validated food-frequency questionnaire. Prepregnancy dietary pattern scores were computed as the sum of a woman's score on each pattern's predefined components. Multivariable log-binomial regression models with generalized estimating equations were used to estimate RRs and 95% CIs. RESULTS: Incident spontaneous abortions and stillbirths were reported in 2756 (17.3%) and 120 (0.8%) pregnancies, respectively. None of the 3 dietary patterns were associated with risk of pregnancy loss. In the multivariable model, RR of pregnancy loss for a 1-SD increase in score was 1.02 (95% CI: 0.98, 1.05) for the aMED pattern, 1.01 (95% CI: 0.98, 1.05) for the aHEI-2010 pattern, and 0.98 (95% CI: 0.95, 1.01) for the FD pattern. Results were consistent when pregnancy loss was classified as either a spontaneous abortion (loss at <20 wk) or a stillbirth (loss at ≥20 wk). CONCLUSION: Prepregnancy adherence to several dietary patterns was not associated with risk of pregnancy loss.
Lifestyle and Comorbidities: Do We Take Enough Care of Preconception Health in Assisted Reproduction?; Objective: The preconception period is largely neglected, whereas it represents an opportunity to identify and modify clinical and behavioral risks, particularly in infertile women characterized by an unfavorable vascular burden. The present study was performed to strengthen previous findings and to increase the awareness of clinicians who should envision a broader preconception approach in infertile women, beyond their reproductive health. Materials and methods: In this cross-sectional study, we investigated 1003 Caucasian women, referred to the Internal Medicine Clinic at the Assisted Reproductive Technologies Center, Florence. Results: A high prevalence of dyslipidemia (57.4%), overweight/obesity (29.1%) and, smoking habit (26.6%) were found. We provided evidence of unhealthy lifestyle habits, represented by a closer adherence to the Mediterranean diet in the 9.5% only and by a sedentary behavior in 73%. A significant correlation between the Mediterranean Diet score and both anthropometric and metabolic parameters was found. We also observed a lower score adherence with both metabolic syndrome and diabetes (for both p=0.02), but not with hypertension. Conclusion: Before infertility treatment, the correction and the management of modifiable and non-modifiable cardiovascular risk factors are mandatory and represent the main goal for a safe pregnancy, and lifetime women's health.
Dietary patterns, Mediterranean diet and obesity in postmenopausal women.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this work was to explore associations between a priori and a posteriori dietary patterns and obesity indices in a sample of postmenopausal women. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: The present cross-sectional study involved 481 postmenopausal women, aged 57.7 ± 7.4 years (range 32-77 years), recruited consecutively from the Menopause Clinic of a major public hospital. Basic demographic information, medical history and lifestyle data including physical activity were collected from study participants. Dietary intake was assessed through a validated food frequency questionnaire. A posteriori dietary patterns were identified using Principal Component Analysis. Adherence to an a priori dietary pattern, the Mediterranean dietary pattern, was evaluated through the Mediterranean Dietary Score (MedDietScore). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: BMI, waist circumference, waist-to-height ratio. RESULTS: Overweight and obese women constituted 39.5% and 29.1% of the sample respectively. Multiple linear regression analysis showed that the Dietary Component 2 (characterized by high consumption of unrefined cereals and legumes and low consumption of refined cereals) was negatively associated with BMI (beta = -0.104, p = 0.057), waist circumference (beta = -0.120, p = 0.019) and waist-to-height ratio (beta = -0.105, p = 0.038). Another dietary pattern, characterized by high consumption of red meat and potatoes and low consumption of nuts and coffee/tea, was positively associated with ΒΜΙ (beta = 0.191, p < 0.001), waist circumference (beta = 0.225, p < 0.001) and waist-to-height ratio (beta = -0.237, p < 0.001). The associations were independent of age, years since menopause, energy intake and physical exercise. Negative associations were also found between the MedDietScore and the obesity indices, which became, however, non-significant when implausible energy reports were excluded from the analyses. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that different dietary patterns are positively or negatively associated with obesity in postmenopausal women. Early interventions targeting dietary habits are of major importance for promoting health in this age group.
Diet quality predicts hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in Asian and Pacific Islander Cohort.; Background: There is limited data on diet quality during pregnancy and its impact on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). Aim: Examine the association with diet quality and development of HDP in an Asian and Pacific Islander Cohort Methods: Pregnant women from the 4 largest ethnic groups in Hawai'i were recruited for participation. Participants completed a food frequency questionnaire during each trimester. Adherence to three diet quality indices (DQIs) were scored-The Healthy Eating Index (HEI), The Alternate Mediterranean Diet score (aMED), and the Dietary approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) score. Mean scores were compared among those who did and did not develop HDP. Logistic Regression models were used to examine the association between diet quality and HDP accounting for confounders (age, parity, obesity, ethnicity, gestational weight gain). Results: Among 55 participants with complete follow-up, there was a high incidence of HDP (23%). There was no significant change of DQIs over time. Non-Hispanic White participants had higher DQIs than Filipinas, Japanese, or Native Hawaiians (not statistically significant). Across gestation, participants who did not have HDP had better diet quality than those who did. Logistic regression showed that HEI and DASH indices are predictive of HDP development, with the high DASH diet score having the greatest reduced odds. Every point higher of DASH diet score portended approximately 30% reduced odds of developing HDP. Conclusions: The DASH diet had the strongest association with reduced odds of HDP, but better diet quality in any of the indices was also predictive.
Low Diet Quality and Nutritional Knowledge in Women with Endometriosis: A Pilot Study.; Endometriosis is a chronic gynecological disease characterized by ectopic endometrial tissue outside the uterus that can cause chronic pain, dysmenorrhea, fatigue, and infertility. The aim of this study was to assess diet quality and nutritional knowledge of women with endometriosis. A questionnaire was used to collect data on lifestyle, dietary habits and nutritional knowledge from 90 women. More than 80% of women with endometriosis (82.2%) confirmed that diet and lifestyle are related to the progression of endometriosis. After being diagnosed with endometriosis, 77.3% of respondents reported a change in their dietary habits and made various changes to their diet by increasing or eliminating the consumption of certain foods. The majority declared reducing pro-inflammatory products, increasing anti-inflammatory foods, including the consumption of vegetables and fruits, avoiding white/or red/or processed meat, and avoiding sweets. Nevertheless, diet quality as assessed by the pro-healthy diet index (pHDI-10) and the Mediterranean Diet Score (MDS) showed a low intensity of consumption of pro-healthy food (average pHDI-10 value 31.4%; MDS 7.55/14 points, p = 0.0001). Women with endometriosis reported lower than recommended consumption of fruits, vegetables, dairy products and whole grains. A higher percentage of healthy controls had a "good" level of nutritional knowledge than women with endometriosis. The results of our study highlight the need to improve diet quality and nutritional knowledge among women with endometriosis as well as developing targeted dietary recommendations to help improve well-being and reduce the pain symptoms of endometriosis.
Polyphenol-rich foods and risk of gestational diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; Animal studies have demonstrated anti-diabetic properties of several food-derived polyphenols, but data in humans remains unclear. This study aimed to review and meta-analyse evidence concerning the effect of the intake of several polyphenol-rich foods on gestational diabetes (GDM) risk. A systematic literature search was conducted in PubMed, Web of Science and Embase databases for observational studies on the association between dietary intake of foods/diets rich in polyphenols and GDM risk. Inclusion criteria were original research articles with full texts published in peer-reviewed English language journals, which investigated foods within the top 100 richest dietary sources of polyphenols and reported odds ratio/relative risk with their corresponding 95% confidence intervals. The quality of included studies was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. The intake of polyphenol-rich foods and dietary patterns in relation to GDM were pooled with fixed- and random-effects models. In total, 12 (10 cohort, 1 cross-sectional and 1 case-control) studies were included for the final systematic review, comprising 124,959 participants and including 5,786 women with GDM. Five studies found a significant, inverse association between the intake of polyphenol-rich foods or Mediterranean diet and GDM, whereas five studies reported no association and two exhibited a positive association. Meta-analyses further showed that the risk of GDM was about halved amongst women with the highest score of Mediterranean diet compared to those with the lowest score. The results suggest that dietary patterns rich in polyphenols may reduce the risk of GDM despite inconclusive evidence for polyphenol-rich food groups.
Pre-Pregnancy Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Case-Control Study.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), an important public health problem that affects mothers and offspring, is a common metabolic disorder. We evaluated the effect of the pre-pregnancy Mediterranean diet (MD) level of exposure on the odds of GDM development. A case-control study (291 GDM cases and 1175 controls without GDM) was conducted in pregnant women. Pre-pregnancy dietary intake was assessed using a validated food frequency questionnaire to calculate an MD adherence index (range score 0-9: low ≤ 2; middle 3-4; high 5-6; very high ≥ 7). Adjusted odds ratios (aOR) and their 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated using multivariable logistic regression models including age, BMI, family history of diabetes mellitus, previous GDM, miscarriages, and gravidity. Overall, middle-high MD adherence was 216/291 (74.2%) and very high adherence was 17/291 (5.8%) in cases. In controls the corresponding figures were 900/1175 (76.6%) and 73/1175 (6.2%), respectively. Compared to low adherence, high MD adherence was associated with GDM reduction (aOR 0.61, 95% CI 0.39,0.94; p = 0.028), and very high MD adherence was even more strongly associated (aOR 0.33, 95% CI 0.15, 0.72; p = 0.005). The protective effect of adherence to the MD prior to pregnancy should be considered as a preventive tool against the development of GDM.
Dietary habits, lifestyle, and gestational diabetes in immigrant women: a survey in Northwestern Tuscany (Central Italy).; BACKGROUND: immigrant women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have additional language and cultural obstacles in following lifestyle and dietary recommendations within a Western health care setting. OBJECTIVES: to describe: • sociodemographic characteristics and dietary and lifestyle behaviours in Italian and immigrant pregnant women who underwent a GDM screening; • any differences in these aspects among GDM Italian and immigrant women; • any differences in terms of primary maternal-neonatal outcomes among GDM and normal glucose tolerance (NGT) cohorts. DESIGN: survey. SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: this survey was conducted in three hospitals located in Tuscany Region (Central Italy). According to a convenience sampling, an ad hoc questionnaire was administered both to Italian and immigrant women who underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: information about nutrition and lifestyle, medical and obstetric history, clinical and therapy data, maternal and neonatal primary outcomes was analysed. Eating habits have been investigated referring to the prudent diet, in order to also include those foods specifically consumed by the immigrant women, in addition to the Mediterranean Diet which is more widespread among Italians. RESULTS: a total of 117 Italian women (42 diagnosed with GDM) and 95 immigrant women (36 with GDM) were enrolled. Immigrant women showed lower adherence to the prudent diet compared to Italian women (p<0.05) and a broader use of unhealthy food preparation (e.g., frying; p<0.05). Primary maternal and neonatal outcomes (preterm birth, caesarean section, macrosomia) showed no statistical differences among GDM and NGT cohorts. CONCLUSIONS: even if immigrant and Italian women gained similar pregnancy outcomes, immigrant women showed lower adherence to the prudent diet at the time of GDM screening. An ethnic and tailored meal plan is needed to overcome cultural barriers in dietary recommendations during pregnancy in immigrant women.
Determinants of Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet in Spanish Children and Adolescents: The PASOS Study.; A progressive shift away from traditional healthy dietary patterns, such as the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet), has been observed in recent decades. The aim of this study was to assess determinants of optimal adherence to the MedDiet in Spanish children and adolescents. A cross-sectional analysis was included in the PASOS nationwide representative study in Spain. Participants were 3607 children and adolescents; 8-16 years old. Primary and secondary outcome measures of weight and height were measured. Adherence to the MedDiet, physical activity, and sedentary behavior in children and adolescents, as well as parental physical activity and dietary habits, were assessed. Optimal adherence to the MedDiet was observed in 45.5% of primary school students and 34.8% of secondary school students (OR: 0.65; 95%CI: 0.56-0.75). Optimal adherence to the MedDiet was higher in children/adolescents meeting daily recommended moderate and vigorous physical activity (OR: 2.39, 95%CI: 1.97-2.89) and in those meeting daily recommended screen time on weekdays (OR: 2.05, 95%CI: 1.77-2.38) and weekends (OR: 1.76, 95%CI: 1.48-2.10). Participants with optimal adherence to the MedDiet were more likely to have mothers with a high-level education and high-tercile of SDQS, mothers who never smoked or were former smokers, and mothers who met the recommended physical activity and screen time. It can be concluded that a low prevalence of optimal adherence to the MedDiet was found among current Spanish children and adolescents. Optimal adherence to the MedDiet was associated with reaching the recommendations on physical activity and screen time, with the highest maternal educational level, and healthier maternal lifestyles.
Pre-Pregnancy Adherence to Mediterranean Diet and Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Cohort Study in Greece.; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a growing epidemic affecting pregnant women and their offspring. This study aimed to identify the relationship between adherence to a Mediterranean diet (MD) before conception and the risk of GDM in a contemporary Greek pregnant cohort. A prospective cohort of pregnant women was recruited at the routine first trimester visit. Nutritional intake was evaluated using a population specific validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Pre-pregnancy adherence to MD was derived using two different scoring systems, the Mediterranean diet index score (MDS), and a modified version. Adjusted odds ratios (aOR) were computed using multiple logistic regression models for each score derived. Of 743 participating women, 112 (15.1%) developed GDM. The MDS index showed that scoring 5-9 points (high adherence) was associated with a lower GDM incidence (aOR: 0.57 95% CI (0.32, 0.90), p = 0.02), while the modified MDS index showed no significant association for any level of adherence. Pre-pregnancy consumption of "meat and derivatives" and "fatty meat and processed meat" was associated with a higher risk of GDM, with both scoring systems (p = 0.008, p = 0.004, respectively). A higher adherence to a MD pre-pregnancy, especially with less meat consumption, may have a protective effect on the occurrence of GDM.
Interplay between the Mediterranean diet and C-reactive protein genetic polymorphisms towards inflammation in adolescents.; AIM: From a nutrigenetics perspective, we aim to investigate the moderating role of the Mediterranean diet and each of its subgroups in the association between C-reactive protein (CRP) gene polymorphisms and CRP blood concentration in adolescents. METHODS: In 562 adolescents (13-17 y) of the European HELENA study, data was available on circulating CRP levels as inflammatory biomarker, three CRP gene SNPs (rs3093068, rs1204, rs1130864), food intake determined by a self-administered computerized 24 h-dietary recall for 2 days, and body composition. A 9-point Mediterranean diet score and each food subgroup were tested as moderator via SNP*diet interaction. Analyzes were adjusted for age, sex, puberty, adiposity and socioeconomic status. RESULTS: The minor allele frequencies of rs3093068 and rs1130864 SNPs (GG and TT, respectively) were associated with higher CRP concentrations, while rs1205 (CT/TT) was associated with lower CRP concentrations. There were significant interactions between rs3093068 and Mediterranean diet (B = -0.1139, p = 0.011), or the fish food subgroup (B = -0.0090, p = 0.022), so that those with the highest genetic CRP risk underwent the highest CRP attenuation by a healthier diet. Although the effect of diet and SNP was substantial, the explained variance by interaction was only 1%. CONCLUSION: Greater adherence to the Mediterranean diet and particularly its fish component was associated with a lower CRP blood concentrations especially in those at highest genetic risk due to the rs3093068 SNP.
Relation of the Mediterranean diet with the incidence of gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Some studies document relationships of the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with individual components of the diet, but studies exploring relationships with patterns of eating are lacking. This observational study aimed to explore a possible relationship between the incidence of GDM and the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) pattern of eating. SUBJECTS/METHODS: In 10 Mediterranean countries, 1076 consecutive pregnant women underwent a 75-g OGTT at the 24th-32nd week of gestation, interpreted both by the ADA_2010 and the International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG)_2012 criteria. The dietary habits were assessed by a previously validated questionnaire and a Mediterranean Diet Index (MDI) was computed, reflecting the degree of adherence to the MedDiet pattern of eating: a higher MDI denoting better adherence. RESULTS: After adjustment for age, BMI, diabetes in the family, weight gain and energy intake, subjects with GDM, by either criterion, had lower MDI (ADA_2010, 5.8 vs 6.3, P=0.028; IADPSG_2012, 5.9 vs 6.4, P<0.001). Moreover, the incidence of GDM was lower in subjects with better adherence to the MedDiet (higher tertile of MDI distribution), 8.0% vs 12.3%, OR=0.618, P=0.030 by ADA_2010 and 24.3% vs 32.8%, OR=0.655, P=0.004 by IADPSG_2012 criteria. In subjects without GDM, MDI was negatively correlated with both fasting plasma glucose and AUC glucose, P<0.001 for both. CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to a MedDiet pattern of eating is associated with lower incidence of GDM and better degree of glucose tolerance, even in women without GDM. The possibility to use MedDiet for the prevention of GDM deserves further testing with intervention studies.
Obesity in childhood: how to improve male adolescence incoming.; Earlier or delayed puberty can be determined by numerous causes, but the exact mechanisms are not fully known. Anyway, those may be independent from the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis involvement. Certainly, obesity is one of the main factors. In fact, obesity and infertility are strongly linked. For this reason, we want to analyse the relationship between puberty and obesity and give an updated state-of-the-art starting by discussing a 14-year-old obese boy's clinical case. Literature data are conflicting. Main criticisms are related to study design and evaluation criteria. Indeed, examined populations are not homogeneous by age, Tanner stage and BMI classification. The obesity epidemic is involved in earlier puberty, and puberty seems to be anticipated in all BMI groups. Very few studies evaluate the level of adiposity in the diagnosis of obesity. However, the role of the adipose tissue is crucial for hormone synthesis and regulation. Therefore, fat mass age-related and not simply BMI has to be considered by clinicians for appropriate diagnosis. Regarding the clinical case, in three months our patient recovered delayed pubertal development following an anti-inflammatory and antioxidant Mediterranean Diet. Loss of weight, as in decrease of fat mass but saving of lean mass, increased testicular volume and testosterone levels occurred. Puberty depends on several factors, including obesity. Further studies are needed to evaluate age groups, Tanner stage, diet and lifestyle, ethnicity and above all the fat/lean mass ratio. Lack of adequate tools could hinder a clinician's ability to recognize when or if therapeutic intervention is needed.
Influence of dietary habits and Mediterranean diet adherence on menopausal symptoms. The FLAMENCO project.; OBJECTIVE: To explore the association of dietary habits and Mediterranean diet adherence with menopausal symptoms. METHODS: The present study included 172 women recruited from the FLAMENCO project. Menopausal symptoms were assessed with the Kupperman Menopausal Index and the Cervantes Menopause and Health Subscale from the validated Cervantes Scale. A food frequency questionnaire was employed to evaluate dietary habits. Adherence to the Mediterranean diet was assessed with the Mediterranean diet score. RESULTS: Intake of poultry and skimmed dairy products was associated with a worse Kupperman Menopausal Index score (β: 0.17, P = 0.03 and β: 0.18, P = 0.01, respectively). On the contrary, soy milk consumption was associated with a better Kupperman Menopausal Index score (β: -0.17, P = 0.02). Poultry and skimmed dairy were associated with worse scores in the total Cervantes Menopause and Health Subscale score (β: 0.22, P = <0.01 and β: 0.19, P = 0.01, respectively), whereas soy milk and vegetables were associated with a better total Cervantes Menopause and Health Subscale score (β: -0.20, P = 0.01 and β: -0.17, P = 0.03, respectively). Regarding vasomotor symptoms, a greater consumption of poultry was associated with worse symptomatology (β: 0.18, P = 0.02), and soy milk consumption was associated with fewer vasomotor symptoms (β: -0.15, P = 0.04). In addition, women with numerous or severe vasomotor symptoms showed a greater consumption of skimmed dairy products (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: This study seems to indicate that some women with mild menopausal symptoms may derive benefit from lower consumption of poultry and skimmed dairy products and a greater consumption of vegetables and soy milk.
Indices of Diet Quality and Risk of Lung Cancer in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study.; BACKGROUND: Prospective evidence on associations between diet quality indices and lung cancer risk is limited, particularly among older women. OBJECTIVES: We investigated associations between 4 diet quality indices [Healthy Eating Index-2015 (HEI-2015), Alternate Healthy Eating Index 2010 (AHEI-2010), alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMED), and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)] and lung cancer incidence and mortality in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study. METHODS: Postmenopausal women aged 50-79 y at baseline (1993-1998) self reported their diet intake and information on relevant covariates. We used Cox proportional hazards regression models to estimate HRs and 95% CIs after controlling for age, smoking, and other relevant covariates. RESULTS: During ∼17 y of follow-up among 86,090 participants, 1491 lung cancer cases and 1393 lung cancer deaths were documented. Dietary indices were not associated with overall lung cancer incidence but were protective against squamous cell carcinoma (12.8% of total lung cancer) cases (HEI-2015: HR: 0.85; 95% CI: 0.76, 0.96; AHEI-2010: HR: 0.87; 95% CI: 0.78, 0.98; aMED: HR: 0.90; 95% CI: 0.81, 0.99; DASH: HR: 0.87; 95% CI: 0.77, 0.98). Among the indices, only HEI-2015 showed an inverse trend (P-trend = 0.02) with overall lung cancer mortality. Smoking status or participant age at baseline did not modify the association between dietary indices and lung cancer incidence or mortality. CONCLUSIONS: After comprehensive control of smoking exposure, we found that diet quality was not associated with overall lung cancer among postmenopausal women. However, a high-quality diet was inversely related to incident lung cancer of the squamous cell subtype. Future studies in populations with diverse age, smoking history, and dietary intake may further elucidate the relation between diet quality indices and lung cancer, especially by histological subtype.
Assessing the Mediterranean diet adherence during pregnancy: Practical considerations based on the associations with cardiometabolic risk.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the present study was to provide practical considerations for assessing MD adherence during pregnancy based on the association with cardiometabolic risk. STUDY DESIGN: Longitudinal study. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: A food frequency questionnaire was fulfilled by 152 pregnant women at the 16th gestational week (g.w.). We calculated the Mediterranean Food Pattern (MFP), the MD Scale (MDScale), the Short MD questionnaire (SMDQ), the MD Score (MedDietScore), and the MD scale for pregnant women (MDS-P). The cardiometabolic risk score consisted of pre-pregnancy body mass index, blood pressure, glucose, triglycerides, and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (at 16th and 34th g.w.). RESULTS: Multiple linear regression models showed that the MFP, the MedDietScore, and the SMDQ were associated with lower cardiometabolic risk at the 16th and 34th g.w. (β's: -0.193 to -0.415, all p < 0.05); and the MDS-P at the 34th g.w. (β = -0.349, p < 0.01). A comparison of these models with the J test showed that the MFP and the MedDietScore outperformed the SMDQ at the 16th g.w. (p's < 0.05); while the MedDietScore outperformed the SMDQ, MFP, and MDS-P (p's < 0.05) at the 34th g.w. Receiver-Operating-Characteristic-derived thresholds for the MFP, MedDietScore and MDS-P indices were 21, 30, and 6 points, respectively, to identify women with high cardiometabolic risk. CONCLUSION: The MFP and MedDietScore are recommended to assess MD adherence during pregnancy, as these showed the strongest associations with cardiometabolic risk. Our validated thresholds might assist in the detection of poor dietary patterns during pregnancy.
Dietary patterns and birth outcomes of healthy Lebanese pregnant women.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to define the dietary patterns (DPs) of a sample of Lebanese pregnant women and to establish their correlation with maternal and neonatal outcomes. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted among 358 Lebanese pregnant women. Maternal socio-demographic variables, anthropometric measurements, gestational weight gain and neonatal outcomes such as weight, length, head circumference and Apgar score were collected by qualified dietitians. Dietary intake was assessed by a validated food frequency questionnaire and three 24-h dietary recalls. DPs were determined, a posteriori, by a factor analysis to distinguish the inter-correlations between the food groups and a cluster analysis method to assemble the participants into groupings based on similarities in food consumption. RESULTS: The identified DPs were not exclusively composed of specific food groups, since some components were overlapping in the DPs. The first one was characterized by a high consumption of starchy vegetables, unsaturated fats and unhealthy foods, the second was rich in fruits and vegetables, seeds, rice and pasta, and in fried local meals and the third was mainly based on protein-rich foods like poultry, fish, eggs and dairy products. They were named respectively as "Westernized," "Mixed" and "Neo-Mediterranean" by the research team. Women having the lowest pre-gestational body mass index (BMI) and higher gestational age followed mainly the "Neo-Mediterranean" eating pattern. CONCLUSION: The three identified DPs among Lebanese pregnant women were correlated with the pre-gestational BMI, and some maternal variables. However, neither the maternal nor the neonatal outcomes were correlated with the DP adopted by the mothers.
Insights into Prevention of Health Complications in Small for Gestational Age (SGA) Births in Relation to Maternal Characteristics: A Narrative Review.; Small for gestational age (SGA) births are a significant clinical and public health issue. The objective of this review was to summarize maternal biological and socio-demographic factors and preventive strategies used to reduce the risk of SGA births. A literature search encompassing data from the last 15 years was conducted using electronic databases MEDLINE/PubMed, Google Scholar and Scopus to review risk factors and preventive strategies for SGA. Current evidence shows that primiparity, previous stillbirths, maternal age ≤24 and ≥35 years, single motherhood, low socio-economic status, smoking and cannabis use during pregnancy confer a significant risk of SGA births. Studies on alcohol consumption during pregnancy and SGA birth weight are inconclusive. Beneficial and preventive factors include the "Mediterranean diet" and dietary intake of vegetables. Periconceptional folic acid supplementation, maternal 25-hydroxyvitamin D, zinc and iron levels are partly associated with birth weight. No significant associations between COVID-19 vaccinations and birthweight are reported. A midwifery-led model based on early and extensive prenatal care reduces the risk of SGA births in women with low socio-economic status. Major preventive measures relate to the awareness of modifiable and non-modifiable risk factors of SGA, leading to changes in parents' lifestyles. These data support that education, monitoring during pregnancy, and implementing preventive strategies are as important as biological determinants in risk reduction of SGA births.
Effect of Mediterranean diet for pregnant women: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; INTRODUCTION: Mediterranean diet might be a promising approach to prevent gestational diabetes mellitus. However, the results remained controversial. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to explore the effect of Mediterranean diet on gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: PubMed, EMbase, Web of science, EBSCO, and Cochrane library databases were systematically searched. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) assessing the effect of Mediterranean diet on gestational diabetes mellitus were included. Meta-analysis was performed using random-effect model. RESULTS: Four RCTs involving 2277 patients were included in the meta-analysis. Overall, compared with control intervention for pregnant women, Mediterranean diet was associated with reduced incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (OR = 0.66; 95% CI = 0.52 to 0.82; p = .0003) and gestational weight gain (SMD = -0.15; 95% CI = -0.26 to -0.05; p = .004), but had no obvious effect on preeclampsia (OR = 1.04; 95% CI = 0.52-2.11; p = .91), preterm delivery (OR = 0.55; 95% CI = 0.20-1.55; p = .26) or neonatal unit (OR = 0.71; 95% CI = 0.43-1.19; p = .19). CONCLUSIONS: Mediterranean diet may be effective to prevent gestational diabetes mellitus.
Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet in Pregnancy and Its Benefits on Maternal-Fetal Health: A Systematic Review of the Literature.; INTRODUCTION: Pregnancy is a transcendent period for the mother and the fetus, characterized by an increase on energy requirements. Mediterranean diet (MD) is considered a healthy eating pattern that can provide the nutritional requirements of pregnancy and protect from the development of obstetric pathologies. OBJECTIVE: To know the relationship between adherence to the MD and its maternal-fetal benefits. METHODOLOGY: A systematic review was conducted by identifying articles in the PubMed and Cochrane databases. The publication date of the studies was between 2010 and 2020, and the inclusion criteria established were that the articles were written in English and Spanish and were accessible in full text. Studies concerning assisted reproduction, gene modulation, conference abstracts, systematic reviews, and pilot studies were excluded. RESULTS: Finally, a total of 14 studies were included in the review. The association between the MD and the reduction of some pathologies of pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes, overweight or obesity, sleep quality, complications of childbirth, urinary tract infections (UTIs), and alterations in fetal growth was demonstrated, as well as perinatal problems, including birth weight, prematurity, gastroschisis, and other childhood problems. CONCLUSION: The MD is an optimal diet to consume during pregnancy.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of nutritional interventions to prevent of gestational hypertension or/and preeclampsia among healthy pregnant women.; BACKGROUND: Researchers have shown that diet is associated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and there are some reports of performed meta-analyses on observational studies. However, very few randomized-controlled trials have systematically summarized. Thus, we reviewed and meta-analyzed the effects of nutritional interventions on risks of gestational hypertension (GH) or/and preeclampsia (PE). MATERIALS AND METHODS: A systematic search was performed using Medline, Cochrane library, Google Scholar, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, and ProQuest to find randomized clinical trials assessing the effect of nutritional interventions on incidences of GH or/and PE compared to control or placebo interventions. RESULTS: After considering duplicates, 1066 articles were screened from the database searches. Full-text articles were retrieved for 116 records, while 87 did not have the inclusion criteria and were later omitted. Twenty-nine studies were eligible, but 8 studies were not included in the meta-analysis due to insufficient data. Finally, seven studies were included in qualitative analysis. Furthermore, 7 studies (693 in intervention vs. 721 in control) were pooled for managed nutritional interventions, three (1255 vs. 1257) for a Mediterranean-style diet, and 4 (409 vs. 312) for sodium restricted. Our results revealed that managed nutritional programs were effective in reducing the incidence of GH (odds ratio [OR] = 0.37; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.15, 0.92); I(2) = 66.9%; P = 0.010), but not for PE (OR = 0.50; 95% CI = 0.23, 1.07); I(2) = 58.9%; P = 0.032. The Mediterranean-style diets in three trials (1255 vs. 1257) did not reduce the risk of PE (OR = 1.10; 95% CI = 0.71, 1.70); I(2) = 2.3%; P = 0.359). Likewise, sodium-restricted interventions in four trials (409 vs. 312) did not decrease total risk of GH (OR = 0.99; 95% CI = 0.68, 1.45); I(2) = 0%; P = 0.520). Meta-regression did not indicate any significant association between maternal age, body mass index, gestational weight gain, and start time of all interventions with the incidence of GH or/and PE (P > 0.05). CONCLUSION: The present meta-analysis showed that Mediterranean-style diets and sodium-restriction interventions did not decrease the incidence of GH or/and PE in healthy pregnancies; however, managed nutritional programs reduced the risk of GH, the total incidence of GH and PE, but not PE.
Preconception period in women and men undergoing Assisted Reproduction: A gender approach for reproductive health.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate lifestyle and risk factors playing a role in increasing the burden of cardiovascular diseases and to increase attention of clinicians who should envision a broader preconception approach in ART, not only in women but also in men. STUDY DESIGN: In this cross-sectional study we investigated 90 Caucasian couples, referred to the Internal Medicine Clinic at the Assisted Reproductive Technology Centre, in order to better define in preconceptional period their cardiovascular risk profile, based on metabolic parameters and lifestyle behaviours. RESULTS: We observed two-fold increase of overweight in men in comparison to women (p = 0.006). Values of waist ≥ 94 cm in men and ≥ 80 cm in women were present in 53.3% of men and 32.2% of women (p = 0.007). Similarly, values of WHR according to gender cut-off, were present in 64.4% of men and in 32.2% of women (p < 0.0001). In men we observed a significantly higher prevalence of hypertension (p = 0.02), significantly lower HDL-c (p = 0.001) and higher levels of total cholesterol (p = 0.01), LDL-c and triglycerides (p = 0.001). Sedentary behaviour was observed in about 60% of both genders. Alcohol consumption was reported by 42.2% of men and 26.7% of women (p = 0.04) and smokers were more prevalent among women (26.7%) than men (24.4%). We observed a lower adherence to Mediterranean Diet related to consumption of red meat and meat products (p = 0.02), as well as of legumes consumption (p = 0.01) in men, whereas sweet/pastries (p = 0.05) and fruits (p = 0.06) in women. Men and women with normal BMI, waist and WHR, showed a higher Mediterranean diet adherence in comparison to overweight/obese study population(p < 0.001). Finally, higher education level predicted the higher Mediterranean diet adherence in both gender (p = 0.01 for men, p = 0.03 for women). CONCLUSIONS: This study paid attention on preconceptional health in couples planning ART. Women have a greater biological role in childbearing, whereas the role of men is underestimated. The need to conceive through ART offers a window of opportunity not only to evaluate cardiovascular profile and lifestyle factors in couples prior to conception, but also to manage comorbidities and promote health behaviours in order to improve fertility and health outcomes in both women and men at short and long-term.
Dietary patterns of Chinese pregnant women in Hong Kong.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Maternal nutrition is important for healthy pregnancy, but it has not been well studied among pregnant women in Hong Kong. This study aims to examine the dietary pattern and nutritional intake of women in early pregnancy, and the associations between dietary patterns, dietary quality, and other health parameters. METHODS AND STUDY DESIGN: This is a prospective cohort study of healthy Chinese pregnant women, recruited at their first antenatal appointment. Dietary intakes were assessed by a locally validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and dietary patterns were derived by principal component analysis. RESULTS: Of 160 women recruited, the mean age was 32.7±3.9 years and body mass index (BMI) before pregnancy was 22.6±3.8 kg/m2. The dietary analyses were restricted to 156 women who had completed the FFQ. 99% of women had excessive sodium intake and only 2.6% of women met the recommended fibre intake. Three dietary patterns identified were 'sweet and fast-food pattern', 'prudent pattern' and 'meat pattern', which altogether accounted for 23.5% of the total variation. The 'prudent pattern' was positively associated with dietary quality indices [Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension score, ρ=0.323, p<0.01; Dietary Quality Index-International, ρ=0.400, p<0.01; Mediterranean Diet Score, ρ=0.243, p=0.02]; and was inversely associated systolic (B=-3.71, 95% CI -7.06, -0.36) and diastolic blood pressure (B=-2.69, 95% CI -5.12, -0.26), suggesting this pattern represented a relatively healthier dietary option. CONCLUSIONS: Suboptimal dietary intake is a common issue among pregnant women in Hong Kong. Early dietary assessment and attention are warranted in this population.
Diet Quality and Colorectal Cancer Risk in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study.; Diet quality index scores on Healthy Eating Index 2010 (HEI-2010), Alternative HEI-2010, alternative Mediterranean Diet Index, and the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) index have been inversely associated with all-cause and cancer-specific death. This study assessed the association between these scores and colorectal cancer (CRC) incidence as well as CRC-specific mortality in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study (1993-2012), a US study of postmenopausal women. During an average of 12.4 years of follow-up, there were 938 cases of CRC and 238 CRC-specific deaths. We estimated multivariate hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals for relationships between quintiles of diet scores (from baseline food frequency questionnaires) and outcomes. HEI-2010 score (hazard ratios were 0.81, 0.77, and 0.73 with P values of 0.04, 0.01, and <0.01 for quintiles 3-5 vs. quintile 1, respectively) and DASH score (hazard ratios were 0.72, 0.74, and 0.78 with P values of <0.01, <0.01, and 0.03 for quintiles 3-5 vs. quintile 1, respectively), but not other diet scores, were associated with a lower risk of CRC in adjusted models. No diet scores were significantly associated with CRC-specific mortality. Closer adherence to HEI-2010 and DASH dietary recommendations was inversely associated with risk of CRC in this large cohort of postmenopausal women.
Adherence to Mediterranean dietary pattern and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most prevalent disorders occurring during pregnancy, which confers significant risk of short and long-term adverse outcomes in both mothers and offspring. Recently, more attention has been paid to the association of pre-pregnancy and early pregnancy healthy dietary patterns, such as Mediterranean dietary pattern with GDM. However, there is a lack of systematic review and meta-analysis summarizing findings in this regard. Hence, we sought to assess the association of MedDiet and GDM in observational studies by performing a systematic review and meta-analysis. METHODS: A comprehensive systematic literature search of observational studies was conducted via PubMed, Scopus, and Google Scholar, up to August 2023. Studies were included in our review if they evaluated the association of MedDiet and GDM, following an observational study design. RESULTS: Ten studies were included in this study. Combining effect sizes, we found that adherence to MedDiet was inversely associated with GDM risk (OR = 0.64; CI: 0.52-0.78); implying that higher adherence to the MedDiet could reduce the risk of GDM by about 36%. Stratification by the geographic area, Mediterranean countries, time of dietary assessment and study design, showed a consistent significant association between MedDiet and GDM. CONCLUSION: We conclude that adhering to diets resembling MedDiet, before or in early pregnancy, could be associated with lower risks or odds of GDM.
Adherence to the Mediterranean diet and the risk of unexpected poor response to ovarian stimulation in IVF cycles.; RESEARCH QUESTION: Can preconception adherence to a Mediterranean diet influence the rate of poor response to ovarian stimulation in IVF cycles? DESIGN: The impact of dietary habits on the success of IVF is controversial. Inconsistencies may be explained by confounders associated with the use of pregnancy as an outcome as well as by a reductionist view of diet that focuses on single components rather than on food patterns. This cross-sectional study analysed adherence to a Mediterranean diet in women with unexpected poor response to ovarian stimulation. Main inclusion criteria were: age 18-39 years, normal weight, preserved ovarian reserve and starting dose of gonadotrophins of 150-225 IU/day. Adherence to the Mediterranean diet was assessed through a Mediterranean diet score (MDS). Unexpected poor ovarian response was defined as the retrieval of ≤3 suitable oocytes. RESULTS: A total of 296 women were included, of whom 47 (15.9%) showed an unexpected poor response. A clear dose-related association with tertiles of MDS was not observed in the univariate analysis. However, in the multivariate analysis, the risk of unexpected poor response was significantly lower for women in the second tertile of MDS compared with the first tertile (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 0.29, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.11-0.76) and for women in the second and third tertiles, grouped together, compared with the first tertile (adjusted OR 0.34, 95% CI 0.14-0.82). CONCLUSIONS: Low adherence to a Mediterranean diet could be a risk factor for unexpected poor ovarian response.
Nutritional and exercise interventions to improve conception in women suffering from obesity and distinct nosological entities.; Infertility among women, particularly those living with obesity, presents a multifaceted challenge with implications for reproductive health worldwide. Lifestyle interventions, mainly focusing on weight loss, have emerged as promising strategies to improve fertility outcomes in this population. This review aims to explore the effectiveness of various lifestyle interventions, encompassing dietary modifications and exercise regimens, in enhancing fertility outcomes among women with obesity and associated conditions such as polycystic ovary syndrome, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, premenopause, hypothyroidism and eating disorders. Methodology of study search encompass a broad spectrum, ranging from interventions targeting weight management through slow or rapid weight loss to dietary approaches emphasizing whole food groups, specific nutrients, and dietary patterns like low-carbohydrate or ketogenic diets, as well as the Mediterranean diet. By synthesizing existing findings and recommendations, this review contributes to the understanding of lifestyle interventions in addressing infertility, with an emphasis on the population of women of reproductive age with excess weight and known or unknown infertility issues, while promoting their integration into clinical practice to optimize reproductive health and overall well-being.
Lifestyle habits and impact of the Mediterranean diet on facial acne severity in French women: a case-control study.; Acne is a common benign inflammatory disease, but it has a significant psychosocial impact. The role of the diet in the development of acne is controversial. Some daily foods such as milk and fast-release sugars tend to promote acne. The Mediterranean Diet (MD) is based on virgin olive oil and nuts that are rich in polyphenols with anti-inflammatory properties. The aim of this study was to assess an association between the adherence to the MD and the severity of facial acne in French women. A case-control observational study was conducted in Nantes Hospital (France). Based on a validated PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránean questionnaire, the adherence to the MD was assessed. The Global Evaluation Acne severity score was assessed by a trained dermatologist. Forty women with mild-to-severe acne and 40 control subjects were included. A global linear model identified a significant negative correlation between the severity of acne and the adherence to the MD in acne patients (regression coefficient = -0.17; P = 0.017). This was the first study conducted in France to investigate the relationship between the adherence to the MD and the severity of facial acne in women. This study confirmed the importance of using a holistic approach for acne management. Further studies are needed to confirm our findings.
Fast food consumption and gestational diabetes incidence in the SUN project.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes prevalence is increasing, mostly because obesity among women of reproductive age is continuously escalating. We aimed to investigate the incidence of gestational diabetes according to the consumption of fast food in a cohort of university graduates. METHODS: The prospective dynamic "Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra" (SUN) cohort included data of 3,048 women initially free of diabetes or previous gestational diabetes who reported at least one pregnancy between December 1999 and March 2011. Fast food consumption was assessed through a validated 136-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Fast food was defined as the consumption of hamburgers, sausages, and pizza. Three categories of fast food were established: low (0-3 servings/month), intermediate (>3 servings/month and ≤2 servings/week) and high (>2 servings/week). Non-conditional logistic regression models were used to adjust for potential confounders. RESULTS: We identified 159 incident cases of gestational diabetes during follow-up. After adjusting for age, baseline body mass index, total energy intake, smoking, physical activity, family history of diabetes, cardiovascular disease/hypertension at baseline, parity, adherence to Mediterranean dietary pattern, alcohol intake, fiber intake, and sugar-sweetened soft drinks consumption, fast food consumption was significantly associated with a higher risk of incident gestational diabetes, with multivariate adjusted OR of 1.31 (95% conficence interval [CI]:0.81-2.13) and 1.86 (95% CI: 1.13-3.06) for the intermediate and high categories, respectively, versus the lowest category of baseline fast food consumption (p for linear trend: 0.007). CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that pre-pregnancy higher consumption of fast food is an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes.
Associations between Maternal Dietary Patterns and Perinatal Outcomes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Cohort Studies.; The aim was to systematically review and meta-analyze prospective cohort studies investigating the relation between maternal dietary patterns during pregnancy with pregnancy and birth outcomes. PubMed, Scopus, and ISI Web of Science were searched from inception until October 2019 for eligible studies. Studies reporting relative risk, ORs, or incidences (for binary data) or means ± SDs or B-coefficients (for continuous outcomes) comparing the highest and lowest adherence with maternal dietary patterns were included. Dietary patterns were categorized as "healthy," "unhealthy," or "mixed." No language restrictions were applied. Study-specific effect sizes with SEs for outcomes of interest were pooled using a random-effects model. Quality of evidence was assessed using Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE). Sixty-six relevant publications were included. A higher maternal adherence to a healthy diet was associated with a reduced risk of gestational hypertension (14%, P < 0.001), maternal depression (40%, P = 0.004), low birth weight (28%, P = 0.001), preterm birth (56%, P < 0.001), higher gestational weight gain (Hedges' g: 0.15; P = 0.01), and birth weight (Hedges' g: 0.19; P = 0.007). Higher maternal adherence to an unhealthy or a mixed diet was associated with higher odds of gestational hypertension (23%, P < 0.001 for unhealthy, and 8%, P = 0.01 for mixed diet). In stratified analyses, a higher healthy eating index was associated with reduced odds of being large based on gestational age (31%, P = 0.02) and a higher head circumference at birth (0.23 cm, P = 0.02). The Mediterranean and "prudent" dietary patterns were related to lower odds of being small based on gestational age (46%, P = 0.04) and preterm birth (52%, P = 0.03), respectively. The overall GRADE quality of the evidence for most associations was low or very low, indicating that future high-quality research is warranted. This study was registered at http://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO as CRD42018089756.
Current Insights Into Inositol Isoforms, Mediterranean and Ketogenic Diets for Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: From Bench to Bedside.; BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a complex syndrome characterized by reproductive and metabolic implications. Lifestyle changes, such as diet and exercise, are considered first-line treatment for women affected by PCOS. Pharmacologic treatments target the hormonal and metabolic dysregulations associated to the disease such as insulin resistance, anovulation, hirsutism and menstrual irregularities. OBJECTIVE: To focus on the role of inositol isoforms, as well as Mediterranean and ketogenic diets, as possible therapeutic strategies in PCOS women. METHOD: Narrative overview, synthesizing the findings of literature retrieved from searches of computerized databases. RESULTS: Accumulating evidence suggests that two inositol isoforms, myo- and D-chiro-, may play a pivotal role in re-addressing both hormonal and metabolic parameters toward homeostasis, counteracting the symptoms and signs typical of this syndrome. In addition, studies focused on Mediterranean and ketogenic diet provided positive results in patients affected by obesity and type 2 diabetes, so these dietetic regimens could represent a fascinating dietetic treatment for the management of PCOS. CONCLUSION: Both the isoforms of inositol are effective in improving ovarian function and metabolism in patients with PCOS. In spite of accumulating evidence, it is currently not possible to draw firm conclusion(s) about the efficacy of these interventions considering the severe bias due to different samples size, dose, and duration of intervention among the published studies on this topic. Furthermore, future longitudinal cohort studies along with prospective interventional trials may contribute to better clarify the role of Mediterranean and ketogenic diets in the treatment of PCOS.
Association between healthy dietary patterns and markers of oxidative stress in the Sister Study.; PURPOSE: We assessed the cross-sectional association between healthy dietary patterns [alternate Mediterranean diet (aMED), Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), alternative Healthy Eating Index (aHEI), and Healthy Eating Index 2015 (HEI-2015)] and urinary biomarkers of oxidative stress. METHODS: Between 2003 and 2009, the Sister Study enrolled 50,884 breast cancer-free US women aged 35 to 74 (non-Hispanic White, 83.7%). Data were analyzed for 844 premenopausal and 454 postmenopausal women who had urine samples analyzed for F(2)-isoprostanes and non-missing covariate data. Food frequency questionnaire responses were used to calculate dietary pattern scores. Concentrations of 8-iso-prostaglandin F(2α) (8-iso-PGF(2α)) and its metabolite (8-iso-PGF(2α)-M) were measured in urine samples by GC/MS for premenopausal women and LC/MS for postmenopausal women. Multivariable linear regression models were used to estimate associations between aMED, DASH, aHEI, and HEI-2015 and urinary F(2)-isoprostanes by menopausal status. Effect modification by sociodemographic, lifestyle, and clinical characteristics was also evaluated. RESULTS: Among premenopausal women, the four dietary indices were inversely associated with 8-iso-PGF(2α) (aMED β(Q4vsQ1): - 0.17, 95% CI - 0.27, - 0.08; DASH β(Q4vsQ1): - 0.18, 95% CI - 0.28, - 0.08; aHEI β(Q4vsQ1): - 0.20, 95% CI - 0.30, - 0.10; HEI-2015 β(Q4vsQ1): - 0.19, 95% CI - 0.29, - 0.10). In contrast, inverse associations with 8-iso-PGF(2α)-M were found for the continuous aMED, aHEI, and HEI-2015. Associations between dietary indices and 8-iso-PGF(2α) were generally stronger among younger women, women with lower income, and women with higher BMI. Similar results were observed among postmenopausal women, though only the continuous DASH and aHEI models were statistically significant. CONCLUSION: Healthy dietary patterns were associated with lower levels of oxidative stress.
Adherence to the Mediterranean diet and IVF success rate among non-obese women attempting fertility.; STUDY QUESTION: Is adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) associated with better IVF performance in women attempting fertility? SUMMARY ANSWER: Greater adherence to the MedDiet, defined using the validated Mediterranean diet score (MedDietScore), was associated with a higher likelihood of achieving clinical pregnancy and live birth among non-obese women <35 years of age. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Diet impacts fertility and certain nutrients and food groups appear to have a greater effect on reproductive health, but there are relatively few published data on the role of dietary patterns, and the MedDiet in particular, on assisted reproductive performance. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: This prospective cohort study included 244 non-obese women (22-41 years of age; BMI < 30 kg/m2) who underwent a first IVF treatment in an Assisted Conception Unit in Athens, Greece, between November 2013 and September 2016. The study was designed to evaluate the influence of habitual dietary intake and lifestyle on fertility outcomes. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Diet was assessed before the IVF treatment via a validated food-frequency questionnaire. Adherence to the MedDiet was assessed through the MedDietScore (range: 0-55), with higher scores indicating greater adherence. Intermediate outcomes (oocyte yield, fertilization rate and embryo quality measures) and clinical endpoints (implantation, clinical pregnancy and live birth) were abstracted from electronic medical records. Associations between MedDietScore and IVF outcomes were analysed using generalized linear models adjusting for age, ovarian stimulation protocol, BMI, physical activity, anxiety levels, infertility diagnosis, caloric intake and supplements use. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: No association of MedDietScore with any of the intermediate outcomes or with implantation was found. However, compared with women in the highest tertile of the MedDietScore (≥36, n = 86), women in the lowest tertile (≤30, n = 79) had significantly lower rates of clinical pregnancy (29.1 vs 50.0%, P = 0.01) and live birth (26.6 vs 48.8%, P = 0.01). The multivariable-adjusted relative risk (95% CI) for clinical pregnancy comparing women in the lowest with women in the highest tertile of the MedDietScore was 0.35 (0.16-0.78; P-trend=0.01), and for live birth it was 0.32 (0.14-0.71; P-trend = 0.01). These associations were significantly modified by women's age (P-interaction <0.01 for both outcomes). MedDietScore was positively related to clinical pregnancy and live birth among women <35 years old (P ≤ 0.01) but not among women ≥35 years. Among women <35 years, a beneficial 5-point increase in the MedDietScore was associated with ~2.7 times higher likelihood of achieving clinical pregnancy and live birth. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Our finding cannot be generalized to the whole reproductive population nor to obese women nor to women attending infertility clinics around the world. In addition, due to the observational study design, causal inference is limited. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: The results suggest that diet modifications and greater compliance to the Mediterranean diet may help increase the chances of a successful pregnancy and delivering a live baby for women undergoing IVF treatment. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This work was partially supported by a grand from Harokopio University (KE321). All authors declare no conflicts of interest. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT03050944.
Adherence to a Mediterranean Diet and Bone Mineral Density in Spanish Premenopausal Women.; The Mediterranean diet (MD) has been associated with an improvement in health and an increase in longevity. Certain components of a MD can play a role in the prevention of osteoporosis and/or hip fracture. We investigated the association between the degree of adherence to a MD and bone mineral density (BMD) measured in several bone areas in a population of Spanish premenopausal women. We analyzed 442 premenopausal women aged 42.73 ± 6.67 years. Bone measurements were obtained using quantitative bone ultrasound (QUS) for the phalanx, dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) for the lumbar spine, Ward's triangle, trochanter, and hip, and peripheral quantitative computed tomography (pQCT) for the non-dominant distal forearm. MD adherence was evaluated with MedDietScore. Amplitude-dependent speed of sound (Ad-SOS), BMD, and volumetric bone mineral density (vBMD) (total, trabecular, and cortical bone density) were positively associated with higher adherence to the MD (p < 0.05). Adherence to the MD was significantly associated with QUS, BMD, and vBMD in multiple regression analysis; QUS: Ad-SOS (m/s) β = 0.099 (p = 0.030); BMD (g/cm²): femur neck β = 0.114 (p = 0.010) and Ward's triangle β = 0.125 (p = 0.006); vBMD (mg/cm³): total density β = 0.119 (p = 0.036), trabecular density β = 0.120 (p = 0.035), and cortical density β = 0.122 (p = 0.032). We conclude that the adherence to the MD was positively associated with better bone mass in Spanish premenopausal women.
Insulin Requirement for Gestational Diabetes Control Is Related to Higher Vitamin D Levels up to 1 Year Postpartum: A Prospective Cohort Study.; Vitamin D deficiency is highly prevalent in pregnant women and has been related to a higher risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of this study is to analyze vitamin D status evolution in a population of pregnant women with and without GDM. Two-hundred women were included from January 2019 to February 2022 as follows: Control group -CG-, Lifestyle group -LG- (GDM not requiring insulin), and Insulin group -IG- (GDM requiring insulin). Visits were carried out at baseline, antenatal, postpartum, and 1 year after birth. Vitamin D levels, weight, and insulin resistance were measured at every visit. Data about the season, vitamin D supplementation, Mediterranean diet adherence, and physical activity were included. In the three groups, 134 women were included in the CG, 43 in the LG, and 23 in the IG. Vitamin D levels were similar among the groups at baseline, but they were significantly higher in the LG and IG in comparison with the CG at the antenatal visit and significantly higher in the IG vs. CG and LG at the postpartum and 1 year after birth visits. Vitamin D levels were independently related to vitamin D supplementation and the season at baseline, to the season and belonging to the LG or IG at the antenatal visit, and were only independently associated with belonging to the IG at postpartum and 1 year after birth visits. In conclusion, in our population, women with GDM requiring insulin had higher levels of vitamin D in comparison with those not requiring insulin and healthy controls at postpartum and 1 year after pregnancy. Requiring insulin during pregnancy seems to be a factor that independently determines the levels of vitamin D until 1 year after birth. More studies are required to reproduce these data in other populations and to elucidate the mechanisms underlying these findings.
Maternal profile according to Mediterranean diet adherence and small for gestational age and preterm newborn outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: The objective was to evaluate maternal Mediterranean diet (MD) pattern adherence during pregnancy and its association with small for gestational age (SGA) and preterm birth. A secondary objective of the current study was to describe the sociodemographic, lifestyle and obstetric profile of the mothers studied as well as the most relevant paternal and newborn characteristics. DESIGN: The current study is a two-phase retrospective population-based study of maternal dietary habits during pregnancy and their effect on newborn size and prematurity. The descriptive first phase examined maternal dietary habits during pregnancy along with the maternal sociodemographic, lifestyle and obstetric profile in a cross-sectional period study. In the second phase, newborn outcomes were evaluated in a nested case-control study. Adherence to MD during pregnancy was measured with the Spanish version of Kidmed index. SETTING: Obstetrics ward of the La Fe Hospital in Valencia. PARTICIPANTS: All mother-child pairs admitted after delivery during a 12-month period starting from January 2018 were assessed for eligibility. A total of 1118 provided complete outcome data after signing informed consent. RESULTS: 14·5 % met the criteria of poor adherence (PA); 34·8 %, medium adherence (MA); and 50·7 %, optimal adherence (OA). Medium adherence to MD was associated in the adjusted scenarios with a higher risk of giving birth to a preterm newborn. No association was found between MD adherence and SGA. CONCLUSIONS: Early intervention programmes geared towards pregnant women, where women were aided in reaching OA to MD, might reduce the risk of preterm newborn.
Effect of Adherence to Mediterranean Diet during Pregnancy on Children's Health: A Systematic Review.; The traditional Mediterranean diet has been shown to be a healthy eating pattern that protects against the development of many diseases in adults and children. Pregnancy is a critical period of plasticity during which foetal development may be significantly influenced by different environmental factors, including maternal nutrition. In this context, several studies have examined the potential benefits of adherence to a Mediterranean diet during pregnancy on birth outcomes, considering the Mediterranean diet as a whole rather than focusing on the effect of its individual components. In this review, we systematically summarized and discussed results of studies investigating the protective role of Mediterranean diet against foetal growth, prematurity, neural tube defects and other congenital pathologies, asthma and allergy, body weight and metabolic markers. Although current data are insufficient and randomized control trials are needed, growing evidence suggests the beneficial effect of the Mediterranean diet during pregnancy on children's health. In this sense, strategies aiming to promote adherence to this dietary pattern might be of considerable importance to public health.
Adherence to the Mediterranean diet during pregnancy and offspring adiposity and cardiometabolic traits in childhood.; BACKGROUND: In adults, adherence to the Mediterranean diet has been inversely associated with cardiovascular risk, but the extent to which diet in pregnancy is associated with offspring adiposity is unclear. We aimed to investigate the association between adherence to Mediterranean diet in pregnancy and offspring cardiometabolic traits in two pregnancy cohorts. METHODS: We studied 997 mother-child pairs from Project Viva in Massachusetts, USA, and 569 pairs from the Rhea study in Crete, Greece. We estimated adherence to the Mediterranean diet with an a priori defined score (MDS) of nine foods and nutrients (0 to 9). We measured child weight, height, waist circumference, skin-fold thicknesses, blood pressure, and blood levels of lipids, c-reactive protein and adipokines in mid-childhood (median 7.7 years) in Viva, and in early childhood (median 4.2 years) in Rhea. We calculated cohort-specific effects and pooled effects estimates with random-effects models for cohort and child age. RESULTS: In Project Viva, the mean (SD, standard deviation) MDS was 2.7 (1.6); in Rhea it was 3.8 (1.7). In the pooled analysis, for each 3-point increment in the MDS, offspring BMI z-score was lower by 0.14 units (95% CI, -0.15 to -0.13), waist circumference by 0.39 cm (95% CI, -0.64 to -0.14), and the sum of skin-fold thicknesses by 0.63 mm (95% CI, -0.98 to -0.28). We also observed lower offspring systolic (-1.03 mmHg; 95% CI, -1.65 to -0.42) and diastolic blood pressure (-0.57 mmHg; 95% CI, -0.98 to -0.16). CONCLUSION: Greater adherence to Mediterranean diet during pregnancy may protect against excess offspring cardiometabolic risk.
Maternal Dietary Patterns during Pregnancy and Their Association with Gestational Weight Gain and Nutrient Adequacy.; Several epidemiologic studies have shown an association between Gestational Weight Gain (GWG) and offspring complications. The GWG is directly linked to maternal dietary intake and women's nutritional status during pregnancy. The aim of this study was (1) to assess, in a sample of Spanish pregnant women, the association between maternal dietary patterns and GWG and (2) to assess maternal dietary patterns and nutrient adequate intake according to GWG. A retrospective study was conducted in a sample of 503 adult pregnant women in five hospitals in Eastern Andalusia (Spain). Data on demographic characteristics, anthropometric values, and dietary intake were collected from clinical records by trained midwives. Usual food intake was gathered through a validated Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ), and dietary patterns were obtained by principal component analysis. Nutrient adequacy was defined according to European dietary intake recommendations for pregnant women. Regression models adjusted by confounding factors were constructed to study the association between maternal dietary pattern and GWG, and maternal dietary patterns and nutritional adequacy. A negative association was found between GWG and the Mediterranean dietary pattern (crude β = -0.06, 95% CI: -0.11, -0.04). Independent of maternal dietary pattern, nutrient adequacy of dietary fiber, vitamin B9, D, E, and iodine was related to a Mediterranean dietary pattern (p < 0.05). A Mediterranean dietary pattern is related to lower GWG and better nutrient adequacy. The promotion of healthy dietary behavior consistent with the general advice promoted by the Mediterranean Diet (based on legumes, vegetables, nuts, olive oil, and whole cereals) will offer healthful, sustainable, and practical strategies to control GWG and ensure adequate nutrient intake during pregnancy.
Diet quality indices and postmenopausal breast cancer survival.; Research on diet in breast cancer survival has been focused on single nutrients or foods, particularly dietary fat, fruits, vegetables, fiber, and alcohol. We hypothesized that diet quality indices decrease the risk of total and non-breast-cancer-related deaths in women diagnosed with breast cancer. We evaluated 4 dietary quality scores: Alternate Healthy Eating Index (AHEI), Diet Quality Index-Revised (DQIR), Recommended Food Score (RFS), and the alternate Mediterranean Diet Score (aMED), among 2,729 women from the Nurses' Health Study with invasive Stage 1-3 breast cancer diagnosed between 1978 and 1998 with follow-up through 2004. In multivariate adjusted analyses, no association was found between diet quality indices and either total or non-breast-cancer-related deaths. However, a higher aMED score was associated with a lower risk of non-breast-cancer death in women with low physical activity; the RR comparing the highest to lowest tertile was 0.39 (95% CI, 0.20-0.75, P trend = 0.0004). Our results suggest that a higher-quality diet after breast cancer diagnosis does not considerably change the risk of death from breast cancer. However, healthy dietary choices may be important because women are at risk of death from non-breast-cancer-related causes affected by diet.
Mediterranean diet and familial dysmetabolism as factors influencing the development of acne.; AIM: To investigate the effects of adherence to the Mediterranean diet and familial dysmetabolisms on acne development. METHODS: A community-based case-control study was carried out in Italy enrolling cases as acneic outpatients of a dermatological ambulatory service and controls as clinically healthy acne-free subjects. Food consumption were evaluated with a validated food-frequency questionnaire, exploring the consumption of pasta, meat, cheese, fish, fruit, vegetables, and olive oil. Adherence to the traditional Mediterranean diet was assessed by a 10-point Mediterranean diet scale that incorporated the main characteristics of this diet. A logistic regression analysis estimated the variables who predicted the odds of being case, using those variables that at the univariate analysis yielded a p-value <0.25. Results are presented as odds ratio (OR) or adjusted OR (AOR). RESULTS: The study included 93 cases (36.6% males, median age 17 years) and 200 controls (32% males, median age 16 years). The Mediterranean diet score ≥6 revealed a protective effect towards acne (crude OR 0.22, 95% CI 0.08-0.64). Logistic regression analysis showed that familial hypercholesterolaemia, diabetes, and hypertension are strong risk factors for acne (AOR 8.79, 95% CI 1.67-46.22; 3.32, 95% CI 1.27-8.63; and 2.73, 95% CI 1.07-6.96, respectively), while the Mediterranean diet represents a protective factor (score ≥6, AOR 0.31, 95% CI 0.11-0.89). CONCLUSIONS: The odds for familial dysmetabolisms was higher in cases than in controls, confirming their role in determining or maintaining acne. Moreover, this is the first study demonstrating a protective role of the Mediterranean diet in the pathogenesis of acne.
Mediterranean diet is associated with bone mineral density and muscle mass in postmenopausal women.; PURPOSE: This study aimed to investigate the association between the Mediterranean diet (MD), body composition, and bone mineral density (BMD) in postmenopausal women. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, 105 apparently healthy postmenopausal women aged between 45 and 65 years were included. BMD, percentage body fat, and appendicular lean mass index (ALMI, appendicular lean mass/height squared) were assessed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Dietary intake was assessed by a validated food frequency questionnaire. Assessment of MD adherence was based on intake of cereals, vegetables, fruits, meats, dairy products, fish, red wine, and olive oil, and expressed as the Mediterranean diet score (MDS). RESULTS: Women with higher adherence to the MD had higher ALMI (6.6 ± 0.8 kg/m(2) vs. 6.3 ± 0.7 kg/m(2); p = 0.039) and lumbar spine BMD (1.076 ± 0.149 vs. 0.997 ± 0.143 g/cm(2); p = 0.007) compared to those with lower MDS. Linear regression analysis adjusted for previous hormone therapy, previous smoking behavior, and habitual physical activity showed an independent positive contribution of MDS to lumbar spine BMD (mean difference 0.088 g/cm(2), 95% confidence interval 0.028-0.147; p = 0.004) and ALMI (mean difference 0.296 kg/m(2), 95% confidence interval 0.020-0.591; p = 0.049). CONCLUSION: Bone mineral density at the lumbar spine and ALMI were positively associated with the MDS in a sample of postmenopausal women from a non-Mediterranean region.
Prenatal adherence to the Mediterranean diet decreases the risk of having a small-for-gestational-age baby, ECLIPSES study.; There is little evidence regarding the role that consuming a Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) during pregnancy plays in foetal growth. We therefore examined the relationship between maternal MedDiet adherence during pregnancy and anthropometric measures and small-for-gestational-age (SGA) at birth in a Spanish population on the north-eastern Mediterranean coast of Spain. Prospective analysis involved 614 mother-newborn pairs from the ECLIPSES study. Diet during pregnancy was assessed using a validated food frequency questionnaire, and a relative MedDiet score (rMedDiet) was calculated. Neonatal information, including weight, length, head circumference and SGA (< 10th percentile) at birth, was recorded. Multivariable logistic regression analyses were performed. The mean rMedDiet score was 9.8 (SD 2.1), ranging from 5 to 16 points. In the sample, 45% of the women had low (≤ 9 points), 32% had medium (10-11 points), and 22% had high (≥ 12 points) adherence to the rMedDiet. There was no association between rMedDiet and birth weight, length, head circumference or anthropometric indices (weight/length ratio and ponderal index). Pregnant women with a high rMedDiet score had a lower risk of delivering a SGA baby for weight (high vs low, OR = 0.36; 95% CI 0.16-0.79) and head circumference (high vs low, OR = 0.39; 95% CI 0.18-0.86), and a nonsignificant decrease in risk of SGA for length (high vs low, OR = 0.57; 95% CI 0.28-1.17). In conclusion, closer adherence to the MedDiet during pregnancy may have beneficial effects on foetal growth.
Effects of AIDiet intervention to improve diet quality, immuno-metabolic health in normal and overweight PCOS girls: a pilot study.; This study was conducted in two groups of girls with PCOS (polycystic ovary syndrome) categorized as slim (group N) and overweight-to-obese (group Ov/Ob). The study's primary outcome was to assess the impact of a 12-week anti-inflammatory diet (AIDiet) intervention, without energy deficit, on daily diet quality improvement, evaluated according to the KIDMED index. The secondary outcome was improving inflammatory, redox, hormonal, and metabolic statuses. In the study, which was completed by 13 girls from the Ov/Ob group and 19 girls from the N group, a significant improvement in the mean KIDMED score was obtained. Moreover, the intervention significantly improves concentration of total antioxidant capacity (TAC), fasting insulin, and the homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index, in the Ov/Ob group, while both groups experienced a reduction in the concentration of interleukin (IL)-1 and IL-6, tumour necrosis factor (TNF-α), and androstenedione. The AIDiet intervention effectively improved the quality of the subjects' diets, which was associated with the improvement of hormonal and immuno-metabolic markers. However, these changes in normal-weight patients were observed regardless of body weight reduction. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT04738409.
Mediterranean Diet and Lifestyle Habits during Pregnancy: Is There an Association with Small for Gestational Age Infants? An Italian Single Centre Experience.; BACKGROUND: The small-for-gestational-age (SGA) in infants is related to an increased risk of developing Non-Communicable Diseases later in life. The Mediterranean diet (MD) is related to lower odds of being SGA. The study explored retrospectively the association between SGA, maternal MD adherence, lifestyle habits and other SGA risk factors during pregnancy. METHODS: One hundred women (16-44 years) with a pregnancy at term were enrolled. Demographic data, parity, pre-gestational BMI, gestational weight gain, pregnancy-related diseases, and type of delivery were collected. The MD adherence (MEDI-LITE score ≥ 9), physical activity level, and smoking/alcohol consumption were registered. SGA neonates were diagnosed according to the neonatal growth curves. RESULTS: Women were divided into "SGA group" vs. "non-SGA group". The MD was adopted by 71% of women and its adherence was higher in the "non-SGA group" (p = 0.02). The prevalence of pregnancy-related diseases (gestational diabetes/pregnancy-induced hypertension) was higher in the "SGA group" (p = 0.01). The logistic regression showed that pregnancy-related diseases were the only independent risk factor for SGA. CONCLUSIONS: MD may indirectly reduce the risk of SGA since it prevents and exerts a positive effect on pregnancy-related diseases (e.g., gestational diabetes and hypertension). The small sample size of women in the SGA group of the study imposes a major limitation to the results and conclusions of this research, suggesting however that it is worthy of further investigation.
Phase angle and Mediterranean diet in patients with acne: Two easy tools for assessing the clinical severity of disease.; BACKGROUND: Acne is a chronic, inflammatory and debilitating skin disorder. Dietary factors and nutritional status are among the exacerbating factors of acne. Phase angle (PhA), a direct measure of Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis (BIA), represents an indicator of the chronic inflammatory state. The Mediterranean diet (MD) is a healthy dietary pattern that can exert anti-inflammatory effects in several inflammatory diseases. We aimed to investigate the difference in PhA and adherence to the MD and their associations with the severity of acne in a sample of naïve treatment patients with acne compared to control group. MATERIALS: In this cross-sectional, case-control, observational study, we enrolled 51 patients with acne and 51 control individuals. Body composition was evaluated by a BIA phase-sensitive system (50 kHz BIA 101 RJL, Akern Bioresearch, Florence, Italy, Akern). For adherence to the MD, we have used the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) questionnaire. The clinical severity of acne was assessed by using the global acne grading system (GAGS), a quantitative scoring system to assess acne severity. RESULTS: Patients with acne had a worse body composition, in particular smaller PhA (p = 0.003), and a lower adherence to the MD (p < 0.001) than the control group, in spite of no differences in gender, age and BMI between the two groups. Stratifying patients with acne according to GAGS categories, both PhA (p = 0.006) and PREDIMED score (p = 0.007) decreased significantly in severe acne than mild/moderate acne. The GAGS score was negative correlations with PhA (r = - 0.478, p < 0.001) and PREDIMED score (r = - 0.504, p < 0.001). The results of the multivariate analysis showed PhA and PREDIMED score were the major determinants of GAGS score (p < 0.001). The receiver operator characteristic (ROC) analysis reporting a value of PhA of ≤ 6.1° and a PREDIMED score of ≤ 9 identified patients with acne with the highest clinical severity of the disease. CONCLUSIONS: Novel correlations were reported between PhA and the degree of adherence to the MD with acne severity. Of interest, PhA and PREDIMED scores might represent possible markers of the severity of acne in a clinical setting. This study highlights how a cooperation between dermatologist and nutritionists might provide a combination key in the complex management of acne patients.
Dietary patterns and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: The association between dietary patterns and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) risk was investigated in many studies, but the findings were inconclusive. METHODS: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies. To find the relevant articles several databases were searched. We found that 13 studies met our inclusion criteria. So, the relevant dietary patterns were selected and the random-effect model was used to compute the summary risk estimates and 95 percent confidence intervals. RESULTS: This meta-analysis revealed that "prudent" (RR = 0.78, CI = 0.63-0.96), "vegetable" (RR = 0.86, CI = 0.76-0.98), and "Mediterranean" (RR = 0.71, CI = 0.56-0.91) dietary patterns with high levels of whole grain, fruits, vegetables, and low fat dairy intake decreased the risk of GDM. However, the western dietary pattern, determined by high intakes of red meat, process meat, fried food, and refined grain could increase the risk of GDM (RR = 1.27, CI = 1.03-1.56). CONCLUSIONS: Western dietary pattern could increase the risk of GDM; while the healthy dietary patterns including "Mediterranean", "prudent", and "vegetable" dietary patterns could decrease the risk of GDM.
The Mediterranean diet and fetal size parameters: the Generation R Study.; Developmental adaptations due to early nutritional exposures may have permanent health consequences. Studies of diet and fetal size have mainly focused on individual nutrients despite evidence that the pattern of food consumption may be of significance. Hence, we evaluated the associations of dietary habits in early pregnancy (gestational age < 18 weeks) with fetal size, uteroplacental vascular resistance, placental weight and birth weight in a prospective observational study of 3207 Caucasian pregnant mothers in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Participants completed a semiquantitative FFQ during early pregnancy. Logistic regression analysis was used to predict the occurrence of intra-uterine growth retardation at birth as a function of food intake. The derived solution was considered as the dietary pattern. As it was characterised by higher intakes of fruit, vegetables, vegetable oil, fish, pasta and rice, and lower intakes of meat, potatoes and fatty sauces, it was labelled the 'Mediterranean' diet. The degree of adherence to the diet was positively associated with plasma folate and serum vitamin B12 concentrations and showed an inverse relationship with homocysteine and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein plasma concentrations (P <0·05). Important fetal size and placental parameters were associated with the degree of adherence to the diet, revealing a 72 g lower birth weight (95% CI -110·8, -33·3) and a 15 g lower placental weight (95% CI -29·8, -0·2) for women with low adherence to the diet. To conclude, low adherence to a Mediterranean diet in early pregnancy seems associated with decreased intra-uterine size with a lower placental and a lower birth weight.
Evidence that ovarian hormones, but not diet and exercise, contribute to the sex disparity in post-traumatic stress disorder.; Females are twice as likely as males to receive a diagnosis of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). One hypothesis for this sex disparity is that ovarian hormones, including estrogen and progesterone, contribute to PTSD risk. Alternatively, sex differences in lifestyle factors, such as diet and exercise, may play a role in PTSD risk. Using data from the Atlantic Partnership for Tomorrow's Health (PATH) cohort (n = 16,899), the relationship between endogenous hormone fluctuations (e.g., menarche, pregnancy, and menopause), exogenous hormone use (e.g., hormonal contraception and hormone replacement therapy (HRT)) and lifestyle variables (diet and exercise habits, as measured by the Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener, Healthy Eating Index, and International Physical Activity Questionnaire) with PTSD diagnosis and treatment were analyzed. While several hormonal variables, including contraceptive use, higher total number of pregnancies, younger menarche age, and having undergone menopause increased the risk of PTSD, no lifestyle variables contributed to an increased risk of PTSD diagnosis. These findings support the theory that ovarian hormones contribute to the sex-linked disparity in PTSD diagnosis.
The effect of diet quality on the risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the effect of diet quality on the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: This review included cohort and case-control studies reporting an association between diet quality and gestational diabetes mellitus. We searched PubMed, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, Embase, PsycINFO, CINAHL Complete, Chinese Periodical Full-text Database, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Chinese Biomedical Literature Database, and China Wanfang Database for studies published from inception to November 18, 2022. The Newcastle-Ottawa Scale was used for quality assessment, and the overall quality of evidence was assessed using the GRADEpro GDT. RESULTS: A total of 19 studies (15 cohort, four case-control) with 108,084 participants were included. We found that better higher diet quality before or during pregnancy reduced the risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus, including a higher Mediterranean diet (OR: 0.51; 95% CI: 0.30-0.86), dietary approaches to stop hypertension (OR: 0.66; 95% CI: 0.44-0.97), Alternate Healthy Eating Index (OR: 0.61; 95% CI: 0.44-0.83), overall plant-based diet index (OR: 0.57; 95% CI: 0.41-0.78), and adherence to national dietary guidelines (OR: 0.39; 95% CI:0.31-0.48). However, poorer diet quality increased the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus, including a higher dietary inflammatory index (OR: 1.37; 95% CI: 1.21-1.57) and overall low-carbohydrate diets (OR: 1.41; 95% CI: 1.22-1.64). After meta-regression, subgroup, and sensitivity analyses, the results remained statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Before and during pregnancy, higher diet quality reduced the risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus, whereas poorer diet quality increased this risk. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/, identifier: CRD42022372488.
Eating for Optimization: Unraveling the Dietary Patterns and Nutritional Strategies in Endometriosis Management.; Endometriosis is a chronic gynecological disorder affecting millions of women worldwide, causing chronic pelvic pain, dyspareunia, dysmenorrhea, and infertility, and severely impacting their quality of life. Treatment primarily involves hormonal therapies and surgical excision, but high recurrence rates and the economic burden are substantial. With these challenges, significant discussion surrounds the potential role of dietary patterns in managing endometriosis, making it necessary to bridge this critical gap. This review investigates the current scientific evidence on the dietary patterns (eg, Mediterranean, vegetarian, anti-inflammatory, low-fermentable oligosaccharides, disaccharides, monosaccharides, and polyols [low-FODMAP], and Western-style diets) associated with endometriosis and provides a concise, yet thorough, overview on the subject. In addition, antioxidants, microbiota, and artificial intelligence (AI) and their potential roles were also evaluated as future directions. An electronic-based search was performed in MEDLINE, Embase, Cochrane Library, CINAHL, ClinicalTrials.gov, Scopus, and Web of Science. The current data on the topic indicate that a diet based on the Mediterranean and anti-inflammatory diet pattern, rich in dietary fiber, omega-3 fatty acids, plant-based protein, and vitamins and minerals, has a positive influence on endometriosis, yielding a promising improvement in patient symptoms. Preclinical investigations and clinical trials indicate that dietary antioxidants and gut microbiota modulation present potential new approaches in managing endometriosis. Also, AI may offer a promising avenue to explore how dietary components interact with endometriosis. Ultimately, considering genetic and lifestyle factors, a healthy, balanced, personalized approach to diet may offer valuable insights on the role of diet as a means of symptom improvement, facilitating the utilization of nutrition for the management of endometriosis.
Adherence to the Mediterranean diet and body composition of breast-feeding mothers: the potential role of unsaturated fatty acids.; A paucity of evidence is available regarding the impact of diet's quality during pregnancy and lactation on the body composition of breast-feeding mothers. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the association between maternal degree of adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) and body composition measures specifically those relating to body fat, in the lactation period. A cross-sectional study on healthy mothers of full-term babies has been conducted. At 30 ± 10 d after delivery, anthropometric measurements and body composition were assessed. A food frequency questionnaire was performed to compute the Italian Mediterranean Index (IMI) score as an index of adherence to the MD. Data related to pregnancy such as pre-pregnancy weight, gestational weight gain and morbidities were also collected. The 147 mothers included were categorised in IMI-1 (IMI score < 5; n 92) and IMI-2 (IMI score ≥ 5; n 55) groups. IMI-2 mothers showed higher daily energy, total carbohydrates, starch and fibre intakes than IMI-1. The dietary habits of IMI-2 mothers reflect the typical characteristics of MD: they consumed higher quantities of proteins and lipids of vegetal origin, higher amounts of monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and lower saturated to PUFAs ratio. The IMI-2 group showed lower absolute fat mass and fat mass index compared to IMI-1 [(20⋅2 ± 5⋅9) v. (22⋅9 ± 8⋅4) kg; P 0⋅036 and (7⋅5 ± 2⋅2) v. (8⋅5 ± 3⋅1) kg/m(2); P 0⋅036, respectively], whereas body weight [(61⋅1 ± 8⋅0) v. (63⋅3 ± 9⋅2) kg] and body mass index [(22⋅4 ± 2⋅6) v. (23⋅3 ± 3⋅5) kg/m(2)] were similar. The degree of adherence to the MD during pregnancy and lactation is positively associated with lower maternal fat deposition in the breast-feeding period. The higher quality of dietary lipids, probably in synergy with the assumption of starchy carbohydrates and fibre, could influence maternal body fat.
Association between overall diet quality and postmenopausal breast cancer risk in five Finnish cohort studies.; There is limited evidence for any dietary factor, except alcohol, in breast cancer (BC) risk. Therefore, studies on a whole diet, using diet quality indices, can broaden our insight. We examined associations of the Nordic Diet (mNDI), Mediterranean diet (mMEDI) and Alternative Healthy Eating Index (mAHEI) with postmenopausal BC risk. Five Finnish cohorts were combined including 6374 postmenopausal women with dietary information. In all, 8-9 dietary components were aggregated in each index, higher total score indicating higher adherence to a healthy diet. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to estimate the combined hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) for BC risk. During an average 10-year follow-up period, 274 incident postmenopausal BC cases were diagnosed. In multivariable models, the HR for highest vs. lowest quintile of index was 0.67 (95 %CI 0.48-1.01) for mNDI, 0.88 (0.59-1.30) for mMEDI and 0.89 (0.60-1.32) for mAHEI. In this combined dataset, a borderline preventive finding of high adherence to mNDI on postmenopausal BC risk was found. Of the indices, mNDI was more based on the local food culture than the others. Although a healthy diet has beneficially been related to several chronic diseases, the link with the etiology of postmenopausal BC does not seem to be that obvious.
The Effects of Diet and Exercise on Endogenous Estrogens and Subsequent Breast Cancer Risk in Postmenopausal Women.; Endogenous estrogens have been associated with overall breast cancer risk, particularly for postmenopausal women, and ways to reduce these estrogens have served as a primary means to decrease overall risk. This narrative review of clinical studies details how various nutritional and exercise lifestyle interventions have been used to modify estrogen levels and metabolism to provide a protective impact against breast cancer incidence. We also summarized the evidence supporting the efficacy of interventions, outcomes of interest and identified emerging research themes. A systematic PubMed MEDLINE search identified scholarly articles or reviews published between 2000-2020 that contained either a cohort, cross-sectional, or interventional study design and focused on the relationships between diet and/or exercise and overall levels of different forms of estrogen and breast cancer risk and occurrence. Screening and data extraction was undertaken by two researchers. Data synthesis was narrative due to the heterogeneous nature of studies. A total of 1625 titles/abstracts were screened, 198 full texts reviewed; and 43 met eligibility criteria. Of the 43 studies, 28 were randomized controlled trials, and 15 were observational studies. Overall, studies that incorporated both diet and exercise interventions demonstrated better control of detrimental estrogen forms and levels and thus likely represent the best strategies for preventing breast cancer development for postmenopausal women. Some of the strongest associations included weight loss via diet and diet + exercise interventions, reducing alcohol consumption, and consuming a varied dietary pattern, similar to the Mediterranean diet. More research should be done on the effects of specific nutritional components on endogenous estrogen levels to understand the effect that the components have on their own and in combination within the diet.
Major dietary patterns and blood pressure patterns during pregnancy: the Generation R Study.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate associations between dietary patterns and systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure during pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective study of 3187 pregnant women. Participants completed a food-frequency questionnaire in early pregnancy. The Mediterranean dietary pattern, comprising high intake of vegetables, vegetable oils, pasta, fish, and legumes, and the Traditional dietary pattern, comprising high intake of meat and potatoes, were identified using factor analysis. RESULTS: A higher SBP was observed among mothers with high Traditional pattern adherence. Low adherence to the Mediterranean pattern was also associated with higher SBP but only in early and mid pregnancy. A higher diastolic blood pressure throughout pregnancy was observed in mothers with high adherence to the Traditional pattern and low adherence to the Mediterranean pattern. These effect estimates were most pronounced in mid pregnancy. CONCLUSION: Low adherence to a Mediterranean and high adherence to a Traditional dietary pattern is associated with a higher blood pressure in pregnancy.
Differential effects of western versus mediterranean diets and psychosocial stress on ovarian function in female monkeys (Macaca fascicularis).; Ovarian dysfunction increases risk for chronic diseases of aging including cardiovascular disease, depression, cognitive impairment, as well as bone and muscle loss which promote frailty. Psychosocial stress can disrupt ovarian function, and recent observations suggest that consumption of a Western Diet may also. Determination of causal relationships among diet, psychosocial stress, and ovarian physiology is difficult in humans. Long-tailed (a.k.a. cynomolgus) macaques (Macaca fascicularis) are an excellent translational model for the study of diet and psychosocial effects on ovarian physiology and aging-related processes. They have 28-day menstrual cycles with hormonal fluctuations like those of women, and similar physiologic responses to alterations and/or cessation of cyclicity. We examined ovarian function in 38 middle-aged socially housed females fed either a Western or Mediterranean diet for 31 months (≈ a 9-year period for humans). During the last year, we examined cycle length and peak progesterone per cycle using blood sampling (3/week) and vaginal swabbing for menses (6/week). Repeated measures analysis revealed a circannual pattern consistent with increased menstrual cycle disturbance during the late Summer and early Fall (F(11,348)= 4.05 p < 0.001). In addition, both Western diet (F(1,34)= 3.99; p = 0.05) and the stress of low social status (F(1,34)= 3.99; p = 0.04) reduced mean progesterone levels. Thus, on average, subordinates in the Western group had the lowest average progesterone levels (10.02 ng/pl). Compared to Western diets, Mediterranean diets exhibited protective effects via menstrual cycle regularity. For dominant monkeys, consuming Mediterranean diets resulted in significantly greater likelihood of having regular menstrual cycles. Mediterranean diets also protected individuals from shorter than normal menstrual cycles. The relationships between diet and menstrual regularity were partially mediated by both adrenal reactivity and social isolation. This study demonstrates the additive negative effects of poor diet and psychosocial stress on ovarian physiology in mid-life and lays the groundwork for future investigations to uncover their impact on metabolic signatures of accelerated aging. The results also suggest that - compared to Western-style diets - a Mediterranean diet may exert a protective influence against ovarian dysfunction and its pathologic sequelae.
Adherence to a Mediterranean-Style Diet and Its Influence on Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Postmenopausal Women.; BACKGROUND: A Mediterranean-style diet (MedSD) is associated with positive health outcomes, particularly reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. It is of interest to assess the feasibility of adherence to a MedSD in a subset of older adults in the United States. OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy of implementing a MedSD intervention in a subset of postmenopausal women living in the United States, and to detect the influence of this dietary pattern on blood lipid levels. DESIGN: A partial feeding, nutrition counseling, pilot study with a one-group longitudinal design. PARTICIPANTS: Sixteen healthy, postmenopausal, American women living in suburban communities in Farmington, CT, with a mean±standard deviation age of 77±6.8 years and a body mass index of 26.1±3.1. INTERVENTION: Participants were counseled by a registered dietitian nutritionist on how to follow a MedSD, which included increased sources of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, fruits, and vegetables, and decreased saturated fat, n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, and simple sugars for 12 weeks. To maintain isocaloric conditions, participants were asked to substitute sources of saturated fat and refined carbohydrates for extra virgin olive oil (3 T/day), walnuts (1.5 oz/day), and fatty fish (3 to 5 servings/wk), which were provided at 3-week intervals. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Dietary adherence measures included the Mediterranean Diet Score, 3-day diet records, and serum fatty acid and lipid profiles. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Mixed model longitudinal analyses were conducted to assess changes over time (Weeks 0, 12, and 24) in the outcome variables. RESULTS: Mediterranean Diet Score increased by 8.9 points (P<0.001) after the MedSD phase. Dietary sugar decreased by 10.8 g (P<0.05), total dietary n-3 increased by 1.6 g (P<0.01), total dietary n-6 increased by 5.5 g (P<0.01), and dietary n-6:n3 ratio decreased by 3.6 units (P<0.01). In serum, 22:6 (n-3), 20:5 (n-3), and 18:3 (n-3) increased (P<0.001, P<0.01, and P<0.001, respectively), and 14:0, 16:0, 17:0, 20:4 (n-6), 22:4 (n-6) declined after the intervention (P<0.01, P<0.001, P<0.01, P<0.01, and P<0.001, respectively), which support a change in dietary intake toward a MedSD. Serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels increased by 3.8 mg/dL (0.098 mmol/L) (P<0.05) and serum triglyceride levels decreased by 11.6 mg/dL (0.131 mmol/L) (P<0.10). CONCLUSIONS: A pilot study of a 12-week MedSD intervention with counseling from a registered dietitian nutritionist can favorably influence the dietary pattern and lipid profile of postmenopausal women living in the United States.
Diet quality and related factors among Spanish female participants in breast cancer screening programs.; OBJECTIVE: A healthy diet is particularly important during menopause, a period in which the risk of a number of health problems increases. This study analyzed diet quality as measured by two indices, namely, the Alternate Healthy Eating Index (AHEI) and the Alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMED) index, which measures adherence to a Mediterranean diet, and examined the factors associated with lower diet quality. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study covering 3,564 women aged 45 to 68 years who underwent breast cancer screening at 7 centers (Corunna, Barcelona, Burgos, Palma de Mallorca, Pamplona, Valencia, and Zaragoza). Data on diet were collected using a food frequency questionnaire validated for the Spanish population. We calculated the AHEI out of a total of 80 points and the aMED out of a total of 9 points. Ordinal logistic regression models were fitted, taking diet quality (tertiles of the AHEI and the aMED) as dependent variables. The following were included in the final multivariate models as explanatory variables: sociodemographic characteristics, chronic diseases, and lifestyles that were associated with diet quality, with a P value <0.100 in an initial simple model (adjusted solely for calorie intake and screening center). Interaction between menopause status and the other explanatory variables was checked. RESULTS: The median score for AHEI was 40 of a maximum of 80 points. Lower diet quality was registered by the youngest women (P for trend < 0.001), premenopausal and perimenopausal women (odds ratio [OR], 1.25; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.01-1.56; and OR, 1.48; CI, 1.20-1.83, respectively), obese women (OR, 1.18; CI, 0.99-1.41), those with a diagnosis of diabetes (OR, 1.35; CI, 1.01-1.79), smokers (OR, 1.41; CI, 1.21-1.66), and women reporting lower daily physical activity (OR, 1.31; CI, 1.12-1.53). Better diet quality was shown by women with higher education (OR, 0.74; CI, 0.62-0.88) and ex-smokers (OR, 0.82; CI, 0.69-0.98). Nulliparity was associated with higher AHEI scores, but only among premenopausal women (OR, 0.50; CI, 0.32-0.78). aMED index varied between 0 and 9 (median 5). Lower scores were associated with younger age (P for trend < 0.001), low socioeconomic level (OR, 1.13; CI, 0.96-1.33), lower educational level (P for trend = 0.008), and low level of daily physical activity (OR, 1.27, CI, 1.08-1.50). CONCLUSIONS: The youngest women, the most sedentary women, and those who had a lower educational level and socioeconomic status registered worse diet quality. Ex-smokers and postmenopausal women obtained better scores, probably reflecting a keener concern about leading a healthy life.
Association of Pregnant Women's Perinatal Depression with Sociodemographic, Anthropometric and Lifestyle Factors and Perinatal and Postnatal Outcomes: A Cross-Sectional Study.; Background: In recent decades, the incidence of depression has gradually increased in the general population globally. Depression is also common during gestation and could result in detrimental gestational complications for both the mother and the fetus. The survey presented aimed to evaluate whether pregnant women's perinatal depression could be associated with socio-demographic, anthropometry and lifestyle factors, and perinatal and postnatal outcomes. Methods: This is a cross-sectional survey conducted on 5314 pregnant women. Socio-demographic and lifestyle factors were recorded by relevant questionnaires via face-to-face interviews. Anthropometric parameters were measured by qualified personnel. Perinatal depressive symptomatology status was evaluated by Beck's Depression Inventory (BDI-II) questionnaire. Results: Depressive symptoms throughout gestation were found in 35.1% of the enrolled women. Perinatal depression was significantly associated with lower educational and economic level, pre-pregnancy regular smoking and reduced levels of Mediterranean diet adherence levels, a higher prevalence of gestational diabetes and preterm birth, as well as a higher incidence of delivering by caesarean section and abnormal childbirth weight. Perinatal depression was also significantly associated with a higher prevalence of maternal postpartum depression and lower prevalence of exclusive breastfeeding practices, as well as with a higher incidence of childhood asthma. Conclusions: Pregnant women's perinatal depression appears to be associated with various socio-demographic, anthropometry, and lifestyle characteristics and with a higher frequency of several adverse pregnancy complications. The present findings emphasize the importance of pregnant women's perinatal mental health, highlighting the need to develop and apply public strategies and policies for psychological counseling and support of future mothers to minimize probable risk factors that may trigger perinatal depression. Novel well-organized, follow-up surveys of enhanced validity are highly recommended to establish more definitive conclusions.
Potential Benefits of the Mediterranean Diet and Physical Activity in Patients with Hidradenitis Suppurativa: A Cross-Sectional Study in a Spanish Population.; There is scarce scientific information regarding the potential benefits of healthy lifestyles in patients with hidradenitis suppurativa (HS). The objective of this study is to explore the potential association between the adherence to a Mediterranean diet (MD), physical activity and HS severity. A cross-sectional study that included patients with HS was conducted. Disease severity was evaluated by the International Hidradenitis Suppurativa Severity Score System (IHS4) and self-reported disease activity using a Numeric Rating Scale (NRS, 0−10). The adherence to a MD was assessed by the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) questionnaire and the level of physical activity by the International Physical Activity questionnaire. A total of 221 patients with HS were included in our study. The adherence to a MD was average for a Spanish population. A higher adherence to a MD was associated with lower disease activity, lower self-reported Hurley and lower IHS4. The use of extra virgin olive oil as the main culinary lipid was the dietary habit that implied a lower degree of disease activity (p < 0.05). Regarding physical activity, both the self-reported severity and IHS4 presented an inverse association with the intensity of physical activity. The adherence to a MD and the intensity of physical activity were positively associated. The Mediterranean dietary pattern may have an impact on HS. Greater adherence to a MD is related to lower HS severity and more physical activity also correlates to lower disease severity. The MD could be an appropriate dietary pattern for patients with HS due to its anti-inflammatory properties, and combining this with increased levels of physical activity could have additional benefits.
Relationship between Mediterranean diet and asymptomatic peripheral arterial disease in a population of pre-menopausal women.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The Mediterranean Diet (MedD) is considered a very healthy diet useful in the prevention of cardiovascular disease. The present study aims to evaluate adherence to MedD in unselected premenopausal women and its relation with ankle-brachial index (ABI), an index of preclinical atherosclerosis. METHODS AND RESULTS: A group of 425 patients (age range 45-54 years) was investigated. They were enrolled only if they were asymptomatic for cardiovascular disease. Nutritional parameters were assessed by a self-administered food frequency validated questionnaire (116 items) completed by an interviewer administered 24 h diet recall. They all underwent ABI measurement. The mean MedD Score was 32.2 ± 6.1 (Q1-Q3 range 26-37) comparing with data from Italian population (46 ± 8.3) was significantly lower. Intake of food categories sources of antioxidants was higher in patients with a greater adherence to Med D and was mainly related to fruit and vegetables. Patients were categorized in quartile according to MedD Score and we evaluate the distribution of ABI index within quartile. 31.4% of women in Q1 (lower adherence to MedD) had an ABI lower than 0.9 compared to 18.3% of women in Q4 (higher adherence to MedD): p < 0.01. Obesity was more frequent in Q1 compared to Q4 and in women with lower ABI. CONCLUSIONS: Women with a low MedD Score were more obese and showed instrumental sign of preclinical peripheral atherosclerosis. MedD rich in antioxidants from fruit, vegetables and nuts influenced the development of atherosclerosis and was associated with a lower incidence of asymptomatic atherosclerosis.
Exploring the potential of omega-3 fatty acids in acne patients: A prospective intervention study.; BACKGROUND: Omega-3 fatty acids (ω-3 FA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are essential nutrients known for their anti-inflammatory properties, which involve reducing pro-inflammatory cytokines, eicosanoids, and insulin-like growth factor-1. This suggests their potential to alleviate acne severity, especially when deficits are present. AIMS: To elevate EPA/DHA levels in acne patients through dietary intervention and supplementation, observing subsequent clinical effects. METHODS: Over 16 weeks, 60 patients without prescription medication (n = 23 acne comedonica [AC], n = 37 acne papulopustulosa [AP]) adhered to a Mediterranean diet, incorporating oral algae-derived ω-3 FA supplementation (600 mg DHA/300 mg EPA week 1-8, 800 mg DHA/400 mg EPA week 8-16). At four visits (V1-V4), blood EPA/DHA levels were tracked using the HS-omega 3 index® (EPA/DHA (%) of total identified fatty acids in erythrocytes; target 8%-11%, deficit <8%, severe deficit <4%), alongside clinical assessments and standardized questionnaires. RESULTS: At baseline, 98.3% of patients had an EPA/DHA deficit, with the mean HS-omega 3 index® rising from 4.9% at V1 to 8.3% at V4 (p < 0.001). AC showed significantly higher indices than AP at V4 (p = 0.035). Objective improvements in both inflammatory and non-inflammatory lesions were observed (p < 0.001). While self-reported appearance worsened in four patients, overall quality of life improved (p < 0.001), particularly in AP. Dietary triggers were more clearly defined than beneficial foods. Intake of cow's milk and dairy products reduced (p < 0.001). Compliance was good; no adverse events were reported. CONCLUSION: Many acne patients have a ω-3 FA deficit. The HS-omega 3 index® can be increased by a Mediterranean diet and oral supplementation with algae-derived ω-3 FA. Acne severity improved significantly in patients with target ω-3 FA levels.
The Role of Diet during Pregnancy in Protecting against Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in a Population with Mediterranean Dietary Habits: A Cross-Sectional Study.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common metabolic disorder among pregnant women. Dietary habits during pregnancy might alter the risk of GDM development, and populations following the Mediterranean diet are relatively understudied. This was a cross-sectional, observational study of 193 low-risk women admitted to a private maternity hospital in Greece to give birth. Food frequency data on specific food categories, selected based on previous research, were analyzed. Logistic regression models, both crude and adjusted for maternal age, body mass index before pregnancy, and gestational weight gain, were fitted. We observed no association of carbohydrate-rich meals, sweets, soft drinks, coffee, rice, pasta, bread and crackers, potatoes, lentils, and juices with GDM diagnosis. Cereals (crude p = 0.045, adjusted p = 0.095) and fruits and vegetables (crude p = 0.07, adjusted p = 0.04) appeared to have a protective effect against GDM, while frequent tea consumption was linked to higher risk of GDM development (crude p = 0.067, adjusted p = 0.035). These results strengthen previously identified associations and underline the importance and potential impact of changing dietary habits even during pregnancy in adjusting one's risk of metabolic pregnancy complications, such as GDM. The importance of healthy dietary habits is highlighted, with the goal of raising awareness amongst obstetric care specialists regarding the provision of systematic nutrition recommendations to pregnant women.
Mediterranean diet adherence and risk of postmenopausal breast cancer: results of a cohort study and meta-analysis.; The Mediterranean Diet (MD) has been associated with reduced mortality and risk of cardiovascular diseases, but there is only limited evidence on cancer. We investigated the relationship between adherence to MD and risk of postmenopausal breast cancer (and estrogen/progesterone receptor subtypes, ER/PR). In the Netherlands Cohort Study, 62,573 women aged 55-69 years provided information on dietary and lifestyle habits in 1986. Follow-up for cancer incidence until 2007 (20.3 years) consisted of record linkages with the Netherlands Cancer Registry and the Dutch Pathology Registry PALGA. Adherence to MD was estimated through the alternate Mediterranean Diet Score excluding alcohol. Multivariate case-cohort analyses were based on 2,321 incident breast cancer cases and 1,665 subcohort members with complete data on diet and potential confounders. We also conducted meta-analyses of our results with those of other published cohort studies. We found a statistically significant inverse association between MD adherence and risk of ER negative (ER-) breast cancer, with a hazard ratio of 0.60 (95% Confidence Interval, 0.39-0.93) for high versus low MD adherence (p(trend) = 0.032). MD adherence showed only nonsignificant weak inverse associations with ER positive (ER+) or total breast cancer risk. In meta-analyses, summary HRs for high versus low MD adherence were 0.94 for total postmenopausal breast cancer, 0.98 for ER+, 0.73 for ER- and 0.77 for ER - PR- breast cancer. Our findings support an inverse association between MD adherence and, particularly, receptor negative breast cancer. This may have important implications for prevention because of the poorer prognosis of these breast cancer subtypes.
Association between adherence to the Mediterranean Diet and the Eatwell Guide and changes in weight and waist circumference in post-menopausal women in the UK Women's Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVE: This study investigated the associations between adherence to the Mediterranean Diet and the Eatwell Guide (EWG) and changes in weight and waist circumference in post-menopausal women. STUDY DESIGN: Post-hoc analysis of post-menopausal women from the UK Women's Cohort Study. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Changes in weight, waist circumference and the risk of abdominal and general obesity. RESULTS: 4162 post-menopausal women were selected. Higher adherence to both the EWG and the Mediterranean Diet was associated with smaller increases in waist circumference over 4 years (EWG: β -0.47, CI -0.75, -0.20 per 1 tertile increase in score), (Mediterranean Diet: β -0.29, CI -0.58, -0.01 per 1 tertile increase in score); and lower risk of abdominal obesity (EWG: OR 0.55, CI 0.43, 0.70 third versus the first tertile), (Mediterranean Diet: OR 0.60, CI 0.46, 0.76 third versus the first tertile), but was not associated with weight changes (EWG: β 0.14, CI -0.07, 0.36 per 1 tertile increase in score), (Mediterranean Diet: β 0.03, CI -0.19, 0.25 per 1 tertile increase in score) or risk of becoming overweight or obese (EWG: OR 1.09, CI 0.77, 1.52 third versus the first tertile), (Mediterranean Diet: OR 0.91, CI 0.65, 1.27 third versus the first tertile). CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that adherence to either the Mediterranean Diet or the EWG can help to prevent abdominal obesity in post-menopausal women.
Association of maternal dietary patterns derived by multiple approaches with gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study.; We used two a priori diet scores [Mediterranean diet (aMed) and Diet Balance Index (DBI)] and two a posteriori approaches [principal components analysis (PCA) and reduced-rank regression (RRR)] to examine the association of maternal dietary patterns with risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and blood glucose among 2202 pregnant women in the Tongji Birth Cohort. Compared to the highest quartile of the aMed and legumes-vegetables-fruits (derived by PCA) scores, the fasting blood glucose (FBG) levels were higher in the lower quartiles (p-trend < 0.05). Lower scores of the meats-eggs-dairy (derived by PCA) and eggs-fish patterns (derived by RRR; characterised by higher intakes of freshwater fish, eggs, and lower intakes of leafy and cruciferous vegetables and fruits) were associated with decreased FBG levels (p-trend < 0.05). Similarities were found across approaches that some dietary patterns were associated with FBG, but not with postprandial glucose and GDM risk.
Adherence to Mediterranean diet during pregnancy and serum lipid, lipoprotein and homocysteine concentrations at birth.; BACKGROUND: Mediterranean diet consumption is associated to low prevalence of major degenerative diseases. Low Mediterranean-diet-adherence (MDA) score has been related to high insulin and homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance levels at birth. The relationship between maternal MDA and offspring lipoprotein profile at birth has been scarcely reported. METHODS: Cross-sectional study aimed to study the relationship between pregnancy diet quality and serum lipid, arylesterase and homocysteine values at birth. Cord blood of the offspring of 35 women whose diets were classified as "adequate" or "inadequate" according to their 13-point MDA-score (≥7 or <7, respectively) were studied. RESULTS: MDA-scores did not significantly change through pregnancy. Low-MDA-score diets presented a higher atherogenic index, contained less fiber and folates, and had a lower (polyunsaturated + monounsaturated)/saturated fatty acids (PUFA + MUFA/SFA) ratio, more cholesterol, and higher SFA/carbohydrates (SFA/CHO) and ω-6/ω-3 PUFA ratios than their respective high-MDA-score counterparts. Mothers at the low MDA-score delivered neonates with high LDL-c (P = 0.049), Apo B (P = 0.040), homocysteine (P = 0.026) and Apo A1/Apo B ratio (P = 0.024). CONCLUSIONS: Neonates whose mothers consumed low MDA diets presented impaired lipoprotein and increased homocysteine levels at birth. A follow-up study on early cardiovascular disease prevention is needed to understand the importance of present findings later in life.
Dietary Quality Indices in Early Pregnancy and Rate of Gestational Weight Gain among a Prospective Multi-Racial and Ethnic Cohort.; Meeting the Institute of Medicine (IOM) gestational weight gain (GWG) guidelines is associated with a reduced risk of adverse perinatal outcomes. Overall diet quality comprehensively assesses dietary components and accounts for interactions between them. While GWG is influenced by maternal diet, its association with overall diet quality-measured by various dietary quality indices-is not well-defined. We prospectively estimated the relationship between four established dietary quality indices and the risk of GWG rate above (excessive) or below (inadequate) IOM guidelines in a multi-racial and ethnic cohort of 2914 pregnant people from the Pregnancy Environment and Lifestyle Study (2014-2019). We assessed diet quality using the Healthy Eating Index 2010 (HEI-2010), alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMED), Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), and Empirical Dietary Inflammatory Index (EDIP). Following the first trimester, 56% of the cohort had excessive GWG, and 14% had inadequate GWG. Poor diet quality (below the 75th percentile), measured by HEI-2010, was associated with a higher risk of excessive GWG in the second and third trimesters [RR = 1.03 (1.00, 1.06)]. Effect modification of this relationship by race and ethnicity and pre-pregnancy BMI was assessed. We found poor diet quality to be associated with elevated risk of excessive GWG among Black participants [RR = 1.14 (1.02, 1.28)] and White participants [RR 1.07 (1.01, 1.12)]. This was also the case for participants with pre-pregnancy BMI < 25.0 [RR 1.05 (1.00, 1.10)]. These results suggest that diet quality measured by the HEI-2010 is associated with excessive GWG, and the associations appear to be stronger among pregnant people without overweight or obesity and pregnant people who identify as Black or White race and ethnicity.
Mediterranean diet and bone mineral density in two age groups of women.; We hypothesized that adherence to the Mediterranean diet measured as a Mediterranean diet score (MDS) has a beneficial effect on bone mineral density (BMD). For the purposes of this study, a sample of healthy women from Southern Spain was chosen. Subjects were grouped into two major groups: a first group consisted of women of reproductive age (premenopausal, pre-M) and a second group consisted of postmenopausal women (pos-M). The consumption of vegetables and fruit was found to be significantly related to BMD in both groups of subjects studied. In the pre-M group, the lipid ratio was positively associated with BMD and in pos-M women nuts intake was also associated with BMD. After implementing the analysis of covariance analysis, significant linear trends between the MDS and BMD were observed in all subjects studied. Our results indicate that a varied diet based on Mediterranean diet patterns may be beneficial in the prevention of osteoporosis.
Association of Gestational Hypertension with Sociodemographic and Anthropometric Factors, Perinatal Outcomes, Breastfeeding Practices, and Mediterranean Diet Adherence: A Cross-Sectional Study.; Background and Objectives: Gestational hypertension has been associated with several pregnancy short-term and long-term complications, affecting both the mother and her infant's health. The present study aims to assess the potential association of gestational hypertension with sociodemographic and anthropometry factors, perinatal outcomes, breastfeeding habits, and Mediterranean diet (MD) compliance. Materials and Methods: This is a cross-sectional study conducted on 5271 mothers that was carried out after delivery. The anthropometry characteristics and perinatal outcomes were retrieved from the mothers' medical records. Sociodemographic characteristics, MD adherence, and breastfeeding habits were assessed via one-to-one interviews of the assigned women with qualified staff. Results: Maternal older age, being employed, family history of gestational hypertension, overweight/obesity before gestation, and abnormal gestational weight gain (GWG) independently increased the risk of developing gestational hypertension. Moreover, gestational hypertension was independently related with a greater incidence of abnormal childbirth body weight and preterm birth, not exclusively breastfeeding, and lower levels of MD adherence. Conclusions: This study highlights the importance of informing future mothers about the risk factors of gestational hypertension, underlining also that a healthy lifestyle, which simultaneously includes a healthy nutritional pattern such as MD, may decrease the risk of developing gestational hypertension and the subsequent pregnancy complications.
Electronic recording of lifetime locomotory activity patterns of adult medflies.; Age-specific and diurnal patterns of locomotory activity, can be considered as biomarkers of aging in model organisms and vary across the lifetime of individuals. Τhe Mediterranean fruit fly (medfly), Ceratitis capitata, is a commonly used model-species in studies regarding demography and aging. In the present study, we introduce a modification of the automated locomotory activity electronic device LAM25system (Locomotory Activity Monitor)-Trikinetics, commonly used in short time studies, to record the daily locomotory activity patterns of adult medflies throughout the life. Additionally, fecundity rates and survival of adult medflies were recorded. Male and female medflies were kept in the system tubes and had access to an agar-based gel diet, which provided water and nutrients. The locomotory activity was recorded at every minute by three monitors in the electronic device. The locomotory activity of females was higher than that of males across the different ages. For both sexes locomotory rates were high during the first 20 days of the adult life and decreased in older ages. The activity of males was high in the morning and late afternoon hours, while that of females was constantly high throughout the photophase. Negligible locomotory activity was recorded for both sexes during the nighttime. Males outlived females. Fecundity of females was higher in younger ages. Our results support the adoption of LAM25system in studies addressing aging of insects using medfly as a model organism.
Lifestyle Characteristics in Women Carriers of BRCA Mutations: Results From an Italian Trial Cohort.; BACKGROUND: Women with deleterious mutations in BRCA1/2 have a high lifetime penetrance of developing breast cancer and/or ovarian cancer. Genetic and/or environmental factors may influence BRCA penetrance, and identifying modifiable exposures might be valuable for prevention. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We implemented a multicenter prospective 2-arm (1:1) randomized controlled trial to investigate whether a Mediterranean dietary intervention with moderate protein restriction would reduce potential modulators of BRCA penetrance such as insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), body weight, and metabolic risk factors. We studied the baseline characteristics of women with BRCA-positive disease who joined the trial cohort, focusing on the relationships between selected lifestyle exposures, metabolic/anthropometric parameters, and BRCA-related cancer. RESULTS: A total of 502 women (304 with a previous diagnosis of breast cancer and/or ovarian cancer and 198 unaffected) with deleterious BRCA mutations, with or without a previous cancer, aged 18 to 70 years and without metastases were included. Late age at menarche and pregnancy were negatively associated with BRCA-related cancer, especially in women with BRCA1-positive disease. Higher fat mass and the presence of 4 or 5 metabolic risk factors were significantly associated with BRCA-related cancer (hazard ratio, 1.87, 95% confidence interval, 1.21-2.88; and hazard ratio, 1.87, 95% confidence interval, 1.11-3.19, respectively), with greater effect in BRCA2-positive women. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings confirm previous observations about reproductive factors in women with BRCA disease and suggest a potential impact of metabolic factors in BRCA-related cancer. The prospective follow-up of the trial cohort will enable us to study the environmental modulators of BRCA penetrance and their impact in relation to the history of BRCA-related cancer. [ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03066856].
Adherence to diet quality indices in relation to semen quality and reproductive hormones in young men.; STUDY QUESTION: Is adherence to an a priori defined diet quality indices [Alternate Healthy Index 2010 (AHEI-2010), relative Mediterranean diet score (rMED) or dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH)] associated with semen quality and reproductive hormone levels in young men? SUMMARY ANSWER: Greater adherence to the DASH diet is related to higher sperm counts. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Studies assessing the relationship between dietary intake and male reproductive function have mainly been focused on specific nutrients, food groups or data-driven dietary patterns, but the evidence on a priori defined dietary indices is still scarce. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Cross-sectional study of 209 male university students recruited from October 2010 to November 2011 in Murcia Region (Southern Spain). PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Healthy young men aged 18-23 years were included in this study. Diet was assessed using a validated food frequency questionnaire and three a priori-defined dietary indices (AHEI-2010, rMED and DASH) were calculated. Linear regression was used to analyze the relation between the three dietary indices and semen quality parameters and reproductive hormone levels accounting for potential confounders and covariates. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: We found statistically significant positive associations between the DASH index and sperm concentration (P, trend = 0.04), total sperm count (P, trend = 0.04) and total motile sperm count (P, trend = 0.02). No associations were observed for other semen parameters or male reproductive hormones. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Even though we adjusted for several known and suspected confounders we cannot exclude the possibility of residual or unmeasured confounding or chance findings. Subjects were blinded to the study outcomes thus reducing the potential influence on their report of diet. Our sample size may be too small to rule out associations with other semen parameters or reproductive hormones. Causal inference is limited, as usual with all observational studies. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: The results suggest that greater adherence to the DASH may help improve sperm counts. This study was carried out on young men from the general population. However, results may differ among other populations (e.g. infertile men). Therefore, further research is needed to confirm these findings and extend these results to other populations. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This work was supported by Fundación Séneca, grants No 08808/PI/08 and No 19443/PI/14; Ministerio de Ciencia e Innovación, Instituto de Salud Carlos III (AES), grants No PI10/00985 and No PI13/01237; and grant P30DK046200 from the National Institutes of Health. Authors have no competing interests to declare.
Development of national dietary and lifestyle guidelines for pregnant women in Lebanon.; Although a number of international diet and lifestyle guidelines during pregnancy (DLGP) exist in the literature, contextualization to low- and middle-income settings is less common. The aim of this study was to present the Lebanese DLGP and to describe the process followed for their development. A mixed-method approach was used including a review and synthesis of existing international DLGP and a consensus building nominal group technique (NGT) with a multidisciplinary group of experts (n = 11). During the meeting, participants identified the themes of the guidelines, formulated the wording of each themes' guideline and translated the guidelines to the Arabic language. Consensus was defined as an agreement of 80%. Reviewing the literature, a list of 17 main topics were found to be common themes for the DLGP. For the Lebanese DLGP, participants in the NGT meeting selected seven themes from this list: gestational weight gain, diet diversity, hydration, food safety, harmful foods, physical activity and breastfeeding. In addition, the group formulated three themes based on merging/modifying existing themes: supplementation, alcohol and smoking and religious fasting. Two context-specific new themes emerged: wellbeing and nutrition resilience. For each of the identified themes, the group agreed upon the wording of its guidelines and description. This study is the first from the Eastern Mediterranean Region to develop through consensus building, context and culture-specific dietary and lifestyle guidelines for pregnant women. Putting maternal nutrition at the heart of tackling malnutrition and its detrimental health outcomes is a core investment for a better maternal and child health.
Multiple Healthful Dietary Patterns and Type 2 Diabetes in the Women's Health Initiative.; The relationship between various diet quality indices and risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) remains unsettled. We compared associations of 4 diet quality indices--the Alternate Mediterranean Diet Index, Healthy Eating Index 2010, Alternate Healthy Eating Index 2010, and the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Index--with reported T2D in the Women's Health Initiative, overall, by race/ethnicity, and with/without adjustment for overweight/obesity at enrollment (a potential mediator). This cohort (n = 101,504) included postmenopausal women without T2D who completed a baseline food frequency questionnaire from which the 4 diet quality index scores were derived. Higher scores on the indices indicated a better diet. Cox regression was used to estimate multivariate hazard ratios for T2D. Pearson coefficients for correlation among the indices ranged from 0.55 to 0.74. Follow-up took place from 1993 to 2013. During a median 15 years of follow-up, 10,815 incident cases of T2D occurred. For each diet quality index, a 1-standard-deviation higher score was associated with 10%-14% lower T2D risk (P < 0.001). Adjusting for overweight/obesity at enrollment attenuated but did not eliminate associations to 5%-10% lower risk per 1-standard-deviation higher score (P < 0.001). For all 4 dietary indices examined, higher scores were inversely associated with T2D overall and across racial/ethnic groups. Multiple forms of a healthful diet were inversely associated with T2D in these postmenopausal women.
Weight loss and metabolic health effects from energy-restricted Mediterranean and Central-European diets in postmenopausal women: A randomized controlled trial.; We conducted a randomized controlled trial to examine the effect of two energy-restricted diets on body weight (BW), visceral fat (VF) loss, and the risk factors for metabolic syndrome. A total of 144 centrally obese postmenopausal women were assigned to the moderate in fat Mediterranean diet (MED) or to the Central European diet (CED), which is moderate in carbohydrates and high in dietary fiber (DF), for 16 weeks. BW, waist circumference and VF were significantly reduced by 8.8%, 7.0%, and 24.6%, respectively, over the trial (P < 0.001), with no difference between groups. A similar trend was seen for total cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, and blood pressure. Within each diet group, the more adherent participants lost significantly more BW than did their less adherent counterparts. VF was significantly reduced only in women who were more adherent to the CED, and the reduction in VF correlated with an increase in the proportion of DF. Short-term dietary treatment with the CED or the MED was associated with similar improvements in some anthropometric, lipid, and nonlipid parameters; however, adequate adherence to the prescribed diet is important in weight loss success and in achieving improvements in metabolic health.
Effects of maternal diet and environmental exposure to organochlorine pesticides on newborn weight in Southern Spain.; An appropriate eating pattern is essential during childbearing years and pregnancy to ensure a healthy pregnancy and newborn. Our group developed a Mediterranean Diet Score for Pregnancy (MDS-P) based on the MD and the specific need of pregnant women for Fe, Ca, and folic acid. Humans are daily exposed to endocrine disruptors, which may alter body weight and hormone system regulation. This study analyzed the relationship of maternal diet and in utero exposure to organochlorine pesticides (OCPs) with newborn weight in mothers and newborns from Southern Spain. Higher MDS-P score, folic acid supplementation, and greater in utero exposure to endosulfan-diol and endosulfan-1 were related to higher newborn weight. MDS-P score was not associated with maternal weight gain during pregnancy (above or below 12 Kg). Residues from one or more OCPs were detected in 96.5% of umbilical cord serum samples from 320 newborns. The most frequent residues were endosulfans (96.5%). The presence of endosulfan-diol, endosulfan-I, p-p´DDT, folic acid supplementation, and a higher MDS-P (>8) were predictive factors for newborn overweight (>3500 g). Conversely, smoking during pregnancy, shorter gestation time (32-36 vs. 37-39 weeks), and lesser maternal weight gain during pregnancy predicted lower newborn weight (<2500 g). These results indicate prenatal exposure to OCPs in Southern Spain and its possible impact on the weight of healthy full-term newborns. Further studies are warranted to interpret the consequences of this exposure and identify preventive measures. Adherence to the MD and folic acid supplementation during pregnancy emerged as predictive factors for overweight in newborns.
A Generation Shift in Mediterranean Diet Adherence and Its Association with Biological Markers and Health in Dalmatia, Croatia.; Previous studies have confirmed the beneficial effect of a Mediterranean diet in mitigating health issues related to cardiovascular disease, diabetes and obesity. However, rapid changes in the traditional way of life and the "westernization" of the diet in Mediterranean populations, especially in younger generations, has led to progressive abandonment of healthy dietary patterns. In order to investigate the generation shift in dietary patterns and lifestyle habits in the Mediterranean part of Croatia, we compared two cohorts of 610 women (266 pregnant and 344 non-pregnant) from the same region, but from different age groups. The MDSS score was derived from food frequency questionnaires. The results showed that the young, reproductively active generation (pregnant women) in Dalmatia, Croatia, although having a higher education and socioeconomic status, exhibits a more adverse eating behaviour (lower adherence to the Mediterranean diet) and lifestyle (excessive smoking in pregnancy) than the older population from the same region. Lower MDSS scores across aggregated age groups in both cohorts showed significant association with higher blood lipid levels and higher smoking frequency. In conclusion, Mediterranean diet adherence is associated with biological markers (age, lipid profile) and lifestyle (smoking) in our study, with a more adverse trend observed in the younger generation.
Fat mass and obesity-associated (FTO) gene epigenetic modifications in gestational diabetes: new insights and possible pathophysiological connections.; AIMS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can lead to short- and long-term complications for the child. Epigenetic alterations could contribute to explaining the metabolic disturbances associated with foetal programming. Although the role of the FTO gene remains unclear, it affects metabolic phenotypes probably mediated by epigenetic mechanisms. The aim of this study was to assess whether placental DNA epigenetic modifications at FTO promoter-associated cysteine-phosphate-guanine (CpG) sites are correlated with GDM. A secondary aim was to evaluate the association between the placental FTO DNA methylation and the maternal metabolic traits in women with and without GDM. METHODS: Socio-demographic characteristics, clinical parameters at the third trimester of pregnancy, Mediterranean diet adherence, and physical activity were assessed in 33 GDM women and 27 controls. Clinical information about the newborns was registered at birth. The FTO rs9939609 (T > A) was genotyped. RESULTS: No association between FTO DNA methylation and GDM was found. DNA methylation on the maternal side at the CpG1 was associated with maternal smoking in GDM (p = 0.034), and DNA methylation at the CpG3 was correlated with smoking or former smoking in controls (p = 0.023). A higher level of TGs was correlated with higher foetal placental DNA methylation at the CpG2 (p = 0.036) in GDM. An inverse association between HDL-C and maternal placental DNA methylation at the CpG3 in controls (p = 0.045) was found. An association between FTO rs9939609 and neonatal birthweight (p = 0.033) was detected. CONCLUSIONS: In the awareness that the obesity pathophysiology is complex, the study adds a piece to this intricate mosaic.
Introduction of the Mediterranean diet in pregnancy and the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review of randomised controlled trials and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVES: To determine if introducing the Mediterranean diet in pregnancy reduces the incidence of gestational diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials (RCTs). A literature search was conducted using the following databases: MEDLINE, Embase, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and CINAHL with no language or date restrictions. Studies were deemed eligible if the population was pregnant women, the intervention was the Mediterranean diet, and the outcome was gestational diabetes. Quality assessment was carried out using the Cochrane risk of bias tool. A random effects model using Revman software was used to pool results, generating a summary risk ratio with 95 % confidence intervals (95 %CI). RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: The search identified three eligible studies. Across the trials, 2348 women were included. Two of the three trials defined the intervention as the Mediterranean diet supplemented with extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) and pistachios, with the control group being Mediterranean diet alone. Meta-analysis of these trials found a significant reduction in the incidence of gestational diabetes in the intervention group compared to the control group (risk ratio=0.71, 95% confidence interval=(0.57, 0.88)). In addition, this was consistent with the results of the remaining eligible trial which defined the intervention as Mediterranean diet and the control as a standard UK diet (risk ratio = 0.71, 95% confidence interval = (0.55, 0.90)). At present evidence is scarce regarding whether adopting a Mediterranean diet reduces the risk of gestational diabetes. A large multi-centre randomised controlled trial is needed to definitively determine the impact of the Mediterranean diet in pregnancy on the incidence of gestational diabetes.
Poor Dietary Quality and Patterns Are Associated with Higher Perceived Stress among Women of Reproductive Age in the UK.; The aim of this study was to investigate the association between stress and diet quality/patterns among women of reproductive age in UK. In total, 244 reproductive aged women participated in an online survey consisting of the European Prospective into Cancer and Nutrition food frequency questionnaire in addition to stress, depression, physical-activity, adiposity, and socioeconomic questions. An a-priori diet quality index was derived by assessing the adherence to Alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMD). A-posteriori dietary-patterns (DPs) were explored through factor analysis. Regression models were used to assess the predictors of the DPs. Participants mainly had medium (n = 113) aMD adherence. Higher stress levels were reported by participants with low aMD adherence. Participants with high aMD adherence were of normal BMI. Factor analysis revealed three DPs: fats and oils, sugars, snacks, alcoholic-beverages, red/processed meat, and cereals (DP-1), fish and seafood, eggs, milk and milk-products (DP-2), and fruits, vegetables, nuts and seeds (DP-3). Regression models showed that DP-1 was positively associated with stress (p = 0.005) and negatively with age (p = 0.004) and smoking (p = 0.005). DP-2 was negatively associated with maternal educational-level (p = 0.01) while DP-3 was negatively associated with stress (p < 0.001), BMI (p = 0.001), and white ethnicity (p = 0.01). Stress was negatively associated with healthy diet quality/patterns among reproductive aged women.
Metabolomic markers of healthy dietary patterns in US postmenopausal women.; BACKGROUND: Healthy diet patterns are associated with lower risk of cancer and other chronic diseases. Metabolomics has the potential to expand dietary biomarker development to include dietary patterns, which may provide a complement or alternative to self-reported diet. OBJECTIVE: This study examined the correlation of serum untargeted metabolomic markers with 4 diet pattern scores-the alternate Mediterranean diet score (aMED), alternate Healthy Eating Index (AHEI)-2010, the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, and the Healthy Eating Index (HEI)-2015-and used multivariate methods to identify discriminatory metabolites for each pattern. METHODS: Among 1367 US postmenopausal women with serum metabolomic data in the Cancer Prevention Study-II Nutrition Cohort, we conducted partial correlation analysis, adjusted for demographic and lifestyle variables, to examine cross-sectional correlations between serum metabolomic markers and healthy diet pattern scores. In a randomly selected "training" set (50%), we conducted orthogonal partial least-squares discriminant analysis to identify metabolites that discriminated the top from bottom diet score quintiles. Combinations of metabolites with a variable importance in projection (VIP) score ≥2.5 were tested for predictability in the "testing" set based on the use of receiver operating characteristic curves. RESULTS: Out of 1186 metabolites, 32 unique metabolites were considered discriminatory based on a VIP score ≥2.5 in the training dataset with some overlap across scores (aMED = 16; AHEI = 17; DASH = 13; HEI = 12). Spearman partial correlation analyses, applying a cut-point (|r| ≥ 0.15) and Bonferroni correction (P < 1.05 × 10-5), identified similar key metabolites. The top 5 metabolites for each pattern mostly distinguished high compared with low scores; 4 of the 5 (fish-derived) metabolites were the same for aMED and AHEI, 2 of which were identified for HEI; 4 DASH metabolites were unique. CONCLUSIONS: Metabolomic methods that used a split-sample approach identified potential biomarkers for 4 healthy diet patterns. Similar metabolites across scores reflect fish consumption in healthy dietary patterns. These findings should be replicated in independent populations.
Impact of diet and physical activity on reproductive profile: A comparison of middle-aged and elderly men.; Age is a known determinant of reproductive health and fertility in both genders. The present work aims to assess the reproductive hormone profile of a middle-aged and elderly man. For this descriptive cross-sectional study, healthy male subjects (n=77) were recruited from the valley. Any individual suffering from any acute or chronic diseases and on drugs was ruled out from the study. Group A consisted of 40 elderly men between 60-70 years of age, and Group B comprised 37 men between 35-46 years of age. Blood samples were taken to estimate the reproductive hormone profile. Level of oxidant and antioxidant: Malondialdehyde and Glutathione. The demographic variables, which included retrospective and prospective questions, helped to assess the physical activity and diet intake behaviour of all inducted individuals. The analysis of the reproductive profile of both groups was similar and within the normal range of standards. However, the median level of LH was higher in group A than in group B: 6.7 mIU/ml versus 3.4 mIU/ml, respectively, and p<0.003. Both groups showed predominantly involvement in physical activity, >90%. The correlation of biochemical variables gives an insight into the fact that the Mediterranean diet and physical activity help to maintain a normal BMI. These implicate the normal secretion of various hormones, leading to intact spermatogenesis. We can safely deduce from this study that physically active lifestyles and a healthy diet are crucial factors in maintaining an endocrine profile.
Influence of the degree of adherence to the mediterranean diet and its components on cardiometabolic risk during pregnancy. The GESTAFIT project.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Studies regarding dietary patterns and cardiometabolic risk markers during pregnancy are scarce. The aim of the present study was to analyse whether different degrees of adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) and the MD components were associated with cardiometabolic markers and a clustered cardiometabolic risk during pregnancy. METHODS AND RESULTS: This study comprised 119 pregnant women from the GEStation and FITness (GESTAFIT) project. Dietary habits were assessed with a food frequency questionnaire at the 16th and 34th gestational weeks (g.w.). The Mediterranean Diet Score was employed to assess MD adherence. The following cardiometabolic markers were assessed: pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), fasting glucose, triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). A greater MD adherence was associated with a better cardiometabolic status in cross-sectional (16th g.w. and 34th g.w.) and prospective analyses (MD adherence at the 16th g.w. and cardiometabolic markers at the 34th g.w.; SBP, DBP and HDL-C; all, p < 0.05). Participants with the highest MD adherence (Tertile 3) had a lower clustered cardiometabolic risk than those with the lowest MD adherence (Tertile 1) at the 16th and 34th g.w. (both, p < 0.05). A higher intake of fruits, vegetables and fish and a lower intake of refined cereals and red meat and subproducts were associated with a lower cardiometabolic risk during pregnancy (all, p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: A higher MD adherence, a greater intake of fruits, vegetables and fish and a lower intake of refined cereals and red meat and subproducts showed a cardioprotective effect throughout gestation.
Dietary Carbohydrate Intake Does Not Impact Insulin Resistance or Androgens in Healthy, Eumenorrheic Women.; CONTEXT: Diet is proposed to contribute to androgen-related reproductive dysfunction. OBJECTIVE: This study evaluated the association between dietary macronutrient intake, carbohydrate fraction intake, and overall diet quality on androgens and related hormones, including anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) and insulin, in healthy, regularly menstruating women. DESIGN: This was a prospective cohort study from 2005 and 2007. SETTING: The study was conducted at the University at Buffalo, western New York State, USA. PARTICIPANTS: Participants were 259 eumenorrheic women without a self-reported history of infertility, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), or other endocrine disorder. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: A 24-hour dietary recall was administered 4 times per menstrual cycle, and hormones were measured 5 to 8 times per cycle for 1 (n = 9) or 2 (n = 250) cycles per woman (n = 509 cycles). Associations between the dietary intake of carbohydrates (starch, sugar, sucrose, and fiber), macronutrients, overall diet quality and hormones (insulin, AMH, and total and free testosterone), as well as the relationship of dietary intake with occurrences of high total testosterone combined with high AMH (fourth quartile of each), ie, the "PCOS-like phenotype," were assessed. RESULTS: No significant relationships were identified between dietary intake of carbohydrates, percent calories from any macronutrient or overall diet quality (ie, Mediterranean diet score) and relevant hormones (insulin, AMH, and total and free testosterone). Likewise, no significant relationships were identified between dietary factors and the occurrence of a subclinical PCOS-like phenotype. CONCLUSIONS: Despite evidence of a subclinical continuum of a PCOS-related phenotype of elevated androgens and AMH related to sporadic anovulation identified in previous studies, dietary carbohydrate and diet quality do not appear to relate to these subclinical endocrine characteristics in women without overt PCOS.
Effects of exercise training and Mediterranean diet on vascular risk reduction in post-menopausal women.; This study tested the potential risk-reduction benefits of Mediterranean Diet (MD) and regular exercise training on microvascular activity and cardiorespiratory capacity in postmenopausal women. Fifteen sedentary postmenopausal participants (age = 54.6 ± 3.6) were randomised into either exercise training or exercise combined with following MD for eight-weeks, and were assessed for their cardiorespiratory capacity, and upper- and lower-limb endothelial cutaneous vascular conductance (CVC) test using Laser Doppler Fluximetry (LDF), coupled with measuring endothelium-dependent Acetylcholine Chloride (Ach) and -dependent Sodium Nitropurruside (SNP) vasodilators. Exercise training improved cardiorespiratory capacity as indicated by ventilatory threshold (11.5 ± 2.1 vs. 14.0 ± 3.0 ml·kg-1·min-1, p < 0.05) and improved the microcirculatory perfusion results of CVC for both vasodilators Ach (p < 0.001, d = 0.65) and SNP (p = 0.003, d = 0.53) in the lower-limb and ACh (p = 0.01, d = 0.41) and SNP (p = 0.03, d = 0.48) in the upper-limb, all (p < 0.05). However, combining exercise with MD showed a stronger improvement in Ach (p = 0.02, d = 0.36) of the lower limb, than in exercise alone group. The results suggest that regular moderate exercise improves microcirculatory vascular function and increases exercise tolerance, both are responsible for reducing cardiovascular risk in postmenopausal women. However, combining MD with exercise suggests additional microvascular vasodialiatory improvement, suggesting an effective strategy for further cardiovascular risk-reduction in this high-risk group.
Maternal pre-pregnancy diet and prenatal depression: the mediating role of pre-pregnancy weight status and prenatal inflammation.; Depression is a common prenatal psychological complication. We aimed to investigate if maternal pre-pregnancy diet can impact prenatal depressive symptoms and the mediating role of pre-pregnancy BMI and inflammation. We used data (N 1141) from the Alberta Pregnancy Outcomes and Nutrition cohort study. We calculated Mediterranean diet adherence (MED) and dietary inflammatory index (DII) scores using data from pre-pregnancy FFQ. In the third-trimester, we assessed depressive symptoms using Edinburgh Postpartum Depression Scale (EPDS) and inflammation through serum C-reactive protein (CRP) levels. BMI was calculated from self-reported pre-pregnancy weight. Race-stratified analyses (white and people of colour) were run. We observed no association between MED or DII tertiles and depressive symptoms. However, white participants in the MED tertile-3 had lower risk of depression (EPDS < 10) compared with tertile-1 (OR = 0·56, 95 % CI, 0·33, 0·95). White individuals in MED tertile-3 had lower BMI (MD = -1·08; 95 % CI, -1·77, -0·39) and CRP (MD = -0·53; 95 % CI, -0·95, -0·11) than tertile-1, and those in DII tertile-2 (MD = 0·44; 95 % CI, 0·03, 0·84) and tertile-3 (MD = 0·42; 95 % CI, 0·01, 0·83) had higher CRP than tertile-1. Among people of colour, neither MED nor DII was associated with BMI or CRP, but BMI was negatively associated with depressive symptoms (β = -0·25, 95 % CI, -0·43, -0·06). We found no association between diet and depressive symptoms through BMI or CRP, in either race. Pre-pregnancy diet might affect the risk of prenatal depression in a race-specific way. Further research is required to explore the racial differences in the association between maternal diet and prenatal depressive symptoms/depression risk.
The Association Between Major Dietary Patterns and Pregnancy-related Complications.; BACKGROUND: Most pregnancy-related complications are associated with increased risks of adverse outcomes for mother and her infant. Although, relations between diet and pregnancy's complications indicate that there may be some benefits of nutritional factors to prevent such disorders, there are rare studies regarding the associations of dietary patterns and mentioned complications. So, the aim of the present study was to determine the relationship between dietary patterns and risk of pregnancy-related complications. METHODS: The current prospective observational study was based on the data collected from 812 pregnant women. Dietary data was collected using a validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: Three major dietary patterns identified according to the results from the factor loading matrix were: (i) 'western dietary pattern'; (ii) 'traditional dietary pattern'; (iii) 'healthy dietary pattern'. Overall, this study demonstrated a marginal significant inverse association between high adherence to healthy dietary pattern and chance of having pre-eclampsia. Also, a high chance of pre-eclampsia was observed among women with the most adherence to western dietary pattern. CONCLUSION: We found that dietary patterns might be associated with the risk of pregnancy-related complications. Further studies are required to confirm these findings.
Paternal adherence to healthy dietary patterns in relation to sperm parameters and outcomes of assisted reproductive technologies.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether men's adherence to dietary patterns promoted for the prevention of cardiovascular disease is associated with semen parameters and couples' assisted reproductive technology (ART) outcomes. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study. SETTING: Fertility center at an academic medical center. PATIENT(S): A total of 245 men and their female partners who underwent 438 ART cycles between 2007 and 2020. INTERVENTION(S): Male pretreatment dietary intake was assessed with a 131-item food frequency questionnaire from which we calculated eight a priori defined scores: Trichopoulou Mediterranean, Alternate Mediterranean, Panagiotakos Mediterranean, Healthy Eating Index, Alternative Healthy Eating Index, American Heart Association, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension, and Plant-based. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): The primary outcome was live births per treatment cycle. The secondary outcomes were fertilization, implantation, and clinical pregnancy and seminogram parameters. RESULT(S): There was an inverse association between greater adherence by men to the Panagiotakos Mediterranean diet and the American Heart Association dietary pattern and lower fertilization rate. However, there were no significant associations between men's adherence to any of the analyzed dietary patterns and the probabilities of implantation, clinical pregnancy, or live birth in multivariable-adjusted models. No significant differences in any of the semen parameters were found between participants of the lowest quartile and those of the highest quartile of the eight dietary patterns. CONCLUSION(S): These findings suggest that men's adherence to several a priori defined dietary scores with documented cardiovascular benefits is not related to major outcomes of infertility treatment with ART or semen quality.
The Effect of Dietary Patterns on Clinical Pregnancy and Live Birth Outcomes in Men and Women Receiving Assisted Reproductive Technologies: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; The nutritional status of reproductive-aged couples can have a significant impact on fertility status, but the effect of dietary patterns on pregnancy outcomes in people using assisted reproductive technologies (ARTs) is currently unknown. This review aimed to synthesize the published research investigating the relation between preconception dietary patterns and clinical pregnancy or live birth in men and women of reproductive age undergoing ART. Six electronic databases were systematically searched for original research published between January 1978 and June 2021. Original research reporting on the effect of predefined dietary patterns on either clinical pregnancy and/or live birth rates following in vitro fertilization (IVF) or intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) in men and women aged 18-49 y was eligible for inclusion. Studies were assessed for risk of bias according to the Cochrane guidelines. Included studies underwent qualitative and quantitative synthesis using random-effects model meta-analyses. Thirteen studies (12 cohort studies, 1 randomized controlled trial) reporting on 3638 participants (93% female) were included in the review. All studies had a moderate-high risk of bias. In individual studies, maternal adherence to 4 dietary patterns [Mediterranean diet (RR: 1.22; 95% CI: 1.05, 1.43), novel profertility diet (OR: 1.43; 95% CI: 1.19, 1.72), Iranian traditional medicine diet (OR: 3.9; 95% CI: 1.2, 12.8), Dutch national dietary recommendations diet (OR: 1.65; 95% CI: 1.08, 2.52)] was associated with increased likelihood of achieving a clinical pregnancy, while 2 dietary patterns [novel profertility diet (OR: 1.53; 95% CI: 1.26, 1.85), Mediterranean diet (RR: 1.25; 95% CI: 1.07, 1.45)] were associated with increased probability of live birth. Meta-analyses showed an association between adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern and live birth across 2 studies (OR: 1.98; 95% CI: 1.17, 3.35; I2 = 29%, n = 355), but no association with clinical pregnancy. As the relation between dietary patterns and ART outcomes is currently inconsistent, higher-quality nutrition research is required to further explore this emerging field of interest (PROSPERO registration: CRD42020188194).
Higher dietary inflammation potential and certain dietary patterns are associated with polycystic ovary syndrome risk in China: A case-control study.; The pathogenesis of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) remains unclear; however, inflammation is involved in PCOS progression and can be regulated by diet. We therefore hypothesized that diet may play an important role in the process of PCOS. This study aimed to investigate specific dietary patterns associated with PCOS through a case-control study involving 527 participants and conducted in Fuzhou, China. The dietary inflammatory index (DII) was calculated using a dietary frequency questionnaire, and the dietary pattern was obtained through a principal component analysis (PCA). Logistic regression was used for risk estimation, and the correlations were investigated by partial correlation analysis. The PCA identified a Mediterranean diet, a meat-egg diet, a shellfish-shrimp-dairy diet, and a staple food-soybean diet. The meat-egg (odds ratio [OR] = 1.404; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.163-1.695) and shellfish-shrimp-dairy (OR = 1.287; 95% CI, 1.057-1.568) diets increased the risk of PCOS. The Mediterranean diet (OR = 0.759; 95% CI, 0.624-0.922) was identified as a protective factor and was negatively correlated with the DII. The DII scores ranged from -4.64 to 4.79 and were positively correlated with the risk of PCOS (OR = 1.141; 95% CI, 1.050-1.240). After adjusting for covariates, the platelet-to-lymphocyte ratio (PLR), systemic immune-inflammation index (SII), neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR), and DII were positively correlated in PCOS (P < .001, P = .001, and P < .001, respectively). In conclusion, certain dietary patterns are associated with PCOS. Pro-inflammatory diets increase the risk of PCOS, and the DII was negatively correlated with the Mediterranean diet and positively correlated with the PLR, NLR, and SII.
Adherence to the Mediterranean diet during pregnancy is associated with lower odds of excessive gestational weight gain and postpartum weight retention: results of the Mother-Infant Study Cohort.; During the first 1000 d of life, gestational weight gain (GWG) and postpartum weight retention (PPWR) are considered critical determinants of nutritional status. This study examined the effect of adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) during pregnancy on GWG and PPWR at 2 and 6 months among women in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), using data from the Mother-Infant Study Cohort. The latter is a prospective study, for which pregnant women were recruited (n 243) during their third trimester and were followed up for 18 months. Data on socio-demographic characteristics and anthropometric measurements were obtained. An eighty-six-item FFQ was used to examine dietary intake during pregnancy. Adherence to the MD was assessed using the alternate MD (aMED) and the Lebanese MD (LMD). Adherence to the MD, PPWR(2) (2 months) and PPWR(6) (6 months) were considered high if participants belonged to the third tertile of the respective measures. Results indicated that 57·5 % of participants had excessive GWG while 50·7 % and 45 % retained ≥ 5 kg at 2 and 6 months postpartum, respectively. After adjustment, adherence to both MD scores was associated with lower odds of excessive GWG (aMED, OR:0·41, 95 % CI:0·18, 0·93; LMD, OR:0·40, 95 % CI: 0·16, 0·98). Adherence to MD was also associated with PPWR(2) (aMED: OR: 0·23, 95 % CI: 0·06, 0·88) and PPWR(6) (aMED OR:0·26; 95 % CI:0·08-0·86; LMD, OR:0·32; 95 % CI: 0·1, 0·98). The findings of this study showed that adherence to the MD may reduce GWG and PPWR and, hence, underscored the importance of promoting the MD for better health of the mother and infant.
Adherence to the Western, Prudent and Mediterranean dietary patterns and breast cancer risk: MCC-Spain study.; OBJECTIVE: To externally validate the previously identified effect on breast cancer risk of the Western, Prudent and Mediterranean dietary patterns. STUDY DESIGN: MCC-Spain is a multicase-control study that collected epidemiological information on 1181 incident cases of female breast cancer and 1682 healthy controls from 10 Spanish provinces. Three dietary patterns derived in another Spanish case-control study were analysed in the MCC-Spain study. These patterns were termed Western (high intakes of fatty and sugary products and red and processed meat), Prudent (high intakes of low-fat dairy products, vegetables, fruits, whole grains and juices) and Mediterranean (high intake of fish, vegetables, legumes, boiled potatoes, fruits, olives, and vegetable oil, and a low intake of juices). Their association with breast cancer was assessed using logistic regression models with random province-specific intercepts considering an interaction with menopausal status. Risk according to tumour subtypes - based on oestrogen (ER), progesterone (PR) and human epidermal growth factor 2 (HER2) receptors (ER+/PR+ & HER2-; HER2+; ER-/PR- & HER2-) - was evaluated with multinomial regression models. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Breast cancer and histological subtype. RESULTS: Our results confirm most of the associations found in the previous case-control study. A high adherence to the Western dietary pattern seems to increase breast cancer risk in both premenopausal women (OR(4)(th)(vs.1)(st)(quartile) (95% CI):1.68 (1.02;2.79); OR(1SD-increase) (95% CI):1.19 (1.02;1.40)) and postmenopausal women (OR(4)(th)(vs.1)(st)(quartile)(95% CI):1.48(1.07;2.05); OR(1SD-increase)(95% CI): 1.14 (1.01;1.29)). While high adherence to the Prudent pattern did not show any effect on breast cancer, the Mediterranean dietary pattern seemed to be protective, but only among postmenopausal women (OR(4)(th)(vs.1)(st)(quartile) (95% CI): 0.72 (95% CI 0.53;0.98); p-int=0.075). There were no significant differences by tumour subtype. CONCLUSION: Dietary recommendations based on a departure from the Western dietary pattern in favour of the Mediterranean diet could reduce breast cancer risk in the general population.
Mediterranean diet adherence during pregnancy and fetal growth: INMA (Spain) and RHEA (Greece) mother-child cohort studies.; Dietary intake of specific nutrients or food groups during pregnancy could influence fetal growth, but scant evidence is available on effects of dietary patterns. The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of Mediterranean diet (MD) adherence during pregnancy on fetal growth in two population-based mother-child cohorts in Spain and Greece. We studied 2461 mother-newborn pairs from the Spanish multi-centre 'INMA' study (Atlantic area: INMA-Atlantic; Mediterranean area: INMA-Mediterranean), and 889 pairs from the 'RHEA' study in Crete, Greece. Maternal diet during pregnancy was assessed by FFQ and MD adherence was evaluated through an a priori score. Fetal growth restriction was based on a customised model, and multivariate log-binomial and linear regression models were used to adjust for several confounders. MD scores differ significantly between the cohorts with women in INMA-Atlantic reporting higher intakes of fish and dairy products, while women in the Mediterranean area reported higher intakes of cereals, vegetables and fruits. Women with high MD adherence had a significantly lower risk of delivering a fetal growth-restricted infant for weight (risk ratios: 0·5; 95 % CI 0·3, 0·9) in the INMA-Mediterranean cohort. Stratified analysis by smoking revealed that higher MD adherence increased birth weight and birth length in smoking mothers, whereas this effect was not apparent in non-smoking mothers. The results of the present study show that several types of MD exist across European Mediterranean regions. High MD adherence may modify the detrimental effect of smoking on birth size, but overall effects of diet were not universal for the studies in this analysis.
Maternal smoking and birth weight in relation to dietary habits.; A study on dietary and smoking behavior during pregnancy was performed between January, 1976, and September, 1979, at the St. Antoine Maternity Hospital in Paris. In addition to the routine clinical examinations at the third, sixth, eight, and ninth months of pregnancy, the women were systematically questioned about their dietary and tobacco habits. No dietary advice was given by the dietitians at any time, nor was there special counseling against smoking. Among 534 women who were followed up, 200 (37%) were smokers before pregnancy. At the sixth month, half of them had stopped smoking and the others had reduced their consumption. The analysis showed that the mean caloric intake and the gain in weight were the highest in the women who continued to smoke and the lowest in nonsmokers. Intermediate results were found in smokers who stopped. Birth weight was, on the average, 70 gm lower among smokers throughout pregnancy, compared with the other two groups, but this difference was not significant. These findings are consistent with the hypothesis that the negative effects of smoking on the fetus could be compensated for, to a great extent, by extra food.
Genetic variants for prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus and modulation of susceptibility by a nutritional intervention based on a Mediterranean diet.; HYPOTHESIS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) entails a complex underlying pathogenesis, with a specific genetic background and the effect of environmental factors. This study examines the link between a set of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with diabetes and the development of GDM in pregnant women with different ethnicities, and evaluates its potential modulation with a clinical intervention based on a Mediterranean diet. METHODS: 2418 women from our hospital-based cohort of pregnant women screened for GDM from January 2015 to November 2017 (the San Carlos Cohort, randomized controlled trial for the prevention of GDM ISRCTN84389045 and real-world study ISRCTN13389832) were assessed for evaluation. Diagnosis of GDM was made according to the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria. Genotyping was performed by IPLEX MassARRAY PCR using the Agena platform (Agena Bioscience, SanDiego, CA). 110 SNPs were selected for analysis based on selected literature references. Statistical analyses regarding patients' characteristics were performed in SPSS (Chicago, IL, USA) version 24.0. Genetic association tests were performed using PLINK v.1.9 and 2.0 software. Bioinformatics analysis, with mapping of SNPs was performed using STRING, version 11.5. RESULTS: Quality controls retrieved a total 98 SNPs and 1573 samples, 272 (17.3%) with GDM and 1301 (82.7%) without GDM. 1104 (70.2%) were Caucasian (CAU) and 469 (29.8%) Hispanic (HIS). 415 (26.4%) were from the control group (CG), 418 (26.6%) from the nutritional intervention group (IG) and 740 (47.0%) from the real-world group (RW). 40 SNPs (40.8%) presented some kind of significant association with GDM in at least one of the genetic tests considered. The nutritional intervention presented a significant association with GDM, regardless of the variant considered. In CAU, variants rs4402960, rs7651090, IGF2BP2; rs1387153, rs10830963, MTNR1B; rs17676067, GLP2R; rs1371614, DPYSL5; rs5215, KCNJ1; and rs2293941, PDX1 were significantly associated with an increased risk of GDM, whilst rs780094, GCKR; rs7607980, COBLL1; rs3746750, SLC17A9; rs6048205, FOXA2; rs7041847, rs7034200, rs10814916, GLIS3; rs3783347, WARS; and rs1805087, MTR, were significantly associated with a decreased risk of GDM, In HIS, variants significantly associated with increased risk of GDM were rs9368222, CDKAL1; rs2302593, GIPR; rs10885122, ADRA2A; rs1387153, MTNR1B; rs737288, BACE2; rs1371614, DPYSL5; and rs2293941, PDX1, whilst rs340874, PROX1; rs2943634, IRS1; rs7041847, GLIS3; rs780094, GCKR; rs563694, G6PC2; and rs11605924, CRY2 were significantly associated with decreased risk for GDM. CONCLUSIONS: We identify a core set of SNPs in their association with diabetes and GDM in a large cohort of patients from two main ethnicities from a single center. Identification of these genetic variants, even in the setting of a nutritional intervention, deems useful to design preventive and therapeutic strategies.
Is breast cancer avoidable? Could dietary changes help?; In the US, the life time odds of developing breast cancer has reached one in eight, with an incidence rate of 85 per 100,000 world population. The rate is half or less in women in some Mediterranean countries. At the extreme are rural African women whose rate is approximately 5-10 per 100,000. In African, compared with White women, protective factors include (1) reproductive behaviour, namely, slower growth before and after puberty, later age at menarche, high teenage pregnancy, high parity and long periods of lactation and amenorrhoea and (2) a diet of relatively low energy intake and of low-fat and high-fibre contents. In the Mediterranean setting, major dietary protective factors include a relatively low intake of saturated fat and high intakes of monounsaturated fat and of vegetables and fruit. Among White women, a reversion to protective reproductive behaviour is out of the question. Only in respect of diet, could significant avoiding action be taken. Adoption of an African type diet is wholly impracticable. Moreover, even conformation to a former Mediterranean diet, which is already changing, would be difficult, requiring reorientation of fat composition and large rises in intakes of vegetable and fruit. However, with resolution, were such changes made, at least by the very vulnerable, they would help, additionally, to protect against other diet-related cancers, especially colon cancer and against coronary heart disease.
International conference on the healthy effect of virgin olive oil.; 1. Ageing represents a great concern in developed countries because the number of people involved and the pathologies related with it, like atherosclerosis, morbus Parkinson, Alzheimer's disease, vascular dementia, cognitive decline, diabetes and cancer. 2. Epidemiological studies suggest that a Mediterranean diet (which is rich in virgin olive oil) decreases the risk of cardiovascular disease. 3. The Mediterranean diet, rich in virgin olive oil, improves the major risk factors for cardiovascular disease, such as the lipoprotein profile, blood pressure, glucose metabolism and antithrombotic profile. Endothelial function, inflammation and oxidative stress are also positively modulated. Some of these effects are attributed to minor components of virgin olive oil. Therefore, the definition of the Mediterranean diet should include virgin olive oil. 4. Different observational studies conducted in humans have shown that the intake of monounsaturated fat may be protective against age-related cognitive decline and Alzheimer's disease. 5. Microconstituents from virgin olive oil are bioavailable in humans and have shown antioxidant properties and capacity to improve endothelial function. Furthermore they are also able to modify the haemostasis, showing antithrombotic properties. 6. In countries where the populations fulfilled a typical Mediterranean diet, such as Spain, Greece and Italy, where virgin olive oil is the principal source of fat, cancer incidence rates are lower than in northern European countries. 7. The protective effect of virgin olive oil can be most important in the first decades of life, which suggests that the dietetic benefit of virgin olive oil intake should be initiated before puberty, and maintained through life. 8. The more recent studies consistently support that the Mediterranean diet, based in virgin olive oil, is compatible with a healthier ageing and increased longevity. However, despite the significant advances of the recent years, the final proof about the specific mechanisms and contributing role of the different components of virgin olive oil to its beneficial effects requires further investigations.
Mediterranean diet improves embryo yield in IVF: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Mediterranean diet (MediDiet) had been reported to be beneficial to human health. However the relationship between diet pattern and outcomes of in vitro fertilization (IVF) treatment was scarcely researched. This study was aimed to explore the correlation between MediDiet pattern of infertile women and their clinical outcomes of IVF cycles. METHODS: An observational prospective cohort study was conducted in the reproductive center from September 2016 to December 2017. Seven hundred infertile women about to undergo IVF treatment were asked to conduct a questionnaire survey. Patients were assigned to higher MediDiet adherence group or lower MediDiet adherence group according to their Mediterranean diet scores. Laboratory parameters and clinical outcomes were compared and those were different between groups were further analyzed for their relationship with MediDiet adherence. RESULTS: A total of 590 women were finally included in the study. According to MediDiet scores, 228 participants were categorized as higher MediDiet adherence group and 362 others as lower MediDiet adherence group. No significant differences were found in baseline characteristics between groups. Higher MediDiet adherence group showed larger number of embryos available (8.40 ± 5.26 vs 7.40 ± 4.71, P = 0.028). Clinical pregnancy rate and implantation rate were similar between the two groups. In further correlation tests and multivariate linear regression analysis, number of fertilized oocytes and embryo yield were positively correlated to MediDiet adherence of participants. CONCLUSION: Infertile women with greater adherence to Mediterranean diet pattern were likely to obtain more embryos available in IVF cycle.
The Interplay of Persistent Organic Pollutants and Mediterranean Diet in Association With the Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Certain foods characterizing the alternate Mediterranean diet (aMED) are high in persistent organic pollutants (POPs), which are related to greater gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk. We examined the associations of combined aMED and POP exposure with GDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: aMED score of 1,572 pregnant women was derived from food frequency questionnaires at early pregnancy within the U.S. Fetal Growth Study and plasma concentrations of 76 POPs, including organochlorine pesticides, polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, were measured. Associations of combined aMED score and exposure to POPs with GDM risk were examined by multivariable logistic regression models. RESULTS: In 61 of 1,572 (3.88%) women with GDM, 25 of 53 included POPs had a detection rate >50%. Higher POP levels appeared to diminish potential beneficial associations of aMED score with GDM risk, with the lowest GDM risk observed among women with both high aMED score and low POP concentrations. Specifically, adjusted log-odds ratios of GDM risk comparing women with low PCB and high aMED score with those with low aMED score and high PCB concentrations was -0.74 (95% CI -1.41, -0.07). Inverse associations were also observed among women with low aMED score and high TransNo_chlor, PCB182_187, PCB196_203, PCB199, and PCB206. These associations were more pronounced among women with overweight or obesity. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnant women who consumed a healthy Mediterranean diet but had a low exposure to POP concentrations had the lowest GDM risk. Future endeavors to promote a healthy diet to prevent GDM may consider concurrent POP exposure.
Diet Quality and Cardiovascular Disease Risk in Postmenopausal Women With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: The Women's Health Initiative.; Background Dietary patterns are associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in the general population, but diet-CVD association in populations with diabetes mellitus is limited. Our objective was to examine the association between diet quality and CVD risk in a population with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Methods and Results We analyzed prospective data from 5809 women with prevalent type 2 diabetes mellitus at baseline from the Women's Health Initiative. Diet quality was defined using alternate Mediterranean, Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension, Paleolithic, and American Diabetes Association dietary pattern scores calculated from a validated food frequency questionnaire. Multivariable Cox's proportional hazard regression was used to analyze the risk of incident CVD. During mean 12.4 years of follow-up, 1454 (25%) incident CVD cases were documented. Women with higher alternate Mediterranean, Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension, and American Diabetes Association dietary pattern scores had a lower risk of CVD compared with women with lower scores (Q5 v Q1) (hazard ratio [HR](aMed) 0.77, 95% CI 0.65-0.93; HR(DASH) 0.69, 95% CI 0.58-0.83; HR(ADA) 0.71, 95% CI 0.59-0.86). No association was observed between the Paleolithic score and CVD risk. Conclusions Dietary patterns that emphasize higher intake of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, nuts/seeds, legumes, a high unsaturated:saturated fat ratio, and lower intake of red and processed meats, added sugars, and sodium are associated with lower CVD risk in postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
FEEDMI: A Study Protocol to Determine the Influence of Infant-Feeding on Very-Preterm-Infant's Gut Microbiota.; BACKGROUND: Preterm infants are especially vulnerable to gut microbiota disruption and dysbiosis since their early gut microbiota is less abundant and diverse. Several factors may influence infants' gut microbiota, such as the mother's diet, mode of delivery, antibiotic exposure, and type of feeding. OBJECTIVES: This study aims to examine the factors associated with very-preterm neonate's intestinal microbiota, namely: (1) type of infant-feeding (breast milk, donor human milk with or without bovine protein-based fortifier, and preterm formula); (2) maternal diet; and (3) mode of delivery. METHODS: This is an observational study conducted in a cohort of very preterm infants hospitalized in the neonatal intensive care unit of Maternidade Dr. Alfredo da Costa. After delivery, the mothers are asked to collect their own fecal samples and are invited to complete a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. The maternal diet will be classified in accordance to the Mediterranean Diet adherence score. Stool samples have been collected from very premature infants every 7 days for 21 days. DNA has been extracted from the fecal samples, and different bacterial genus and species will be quantified by real-time polymerase chain reaction. RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: It is hypothesized that significant differences in the microbiota composition and clinical outcomes of very preterm infants will be observed depending on the type of infant feeding. In addition, this study will clarify how pasteurized donor's milk influences the intestinal microbiota colonization of preterm infants. This is a pioneer study developed in collaboration with the country's Human Milk Bank. We also expect to find microbiota alterations in infants according to the mode of delivery and to maternal diet. This study will contribute to increase the evidence on the effects of breast or donor human milk and its fortification with a bovine protein-based fortifier on infant microbiota.
Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on the Lifestyles and Quality of Life of Women With Fertility Problems: A Cross-Sectional Study.; Background: The COVID-19 pandemic has implied worldwide the imposition of confinement measures and mobility restrictions, to a greater or lesser extent. It has also meant the closure of some public medical services such as reproductive care. This situation may have impacted the health-related behaviour and quality of life of women with fertility problems. Objective: The objective of this study was to analyse the effects of confinement and the suspension of reproductive medical care on the lifestyle (diet, physical exercise, and smoking habits), anxiety and depression, and quality of life of infertile women by comparing their pre- and post-confinement situations. Methods: We carried out a cross-sectional, internet-based study. Information was collected on these women's adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MEDAS questionnaire), physical exercise (IPAQ-SF), anxiety and depression (HADS), and quality of life related to fertility (FertiQol) before, during, and after confinement. The survey was conducted between 1 September and 28 October 2020. Results: A total of 85 women participated. There had been a significant increase in anxiety and depression levels (P < 0.001) and an increase in tobacco consumption among female smokers during confinement vs. pre-confinement (62.5% had increased their consumption). The participants had also increased the mean number of hours they spent sitting (P < 0.001). There had also been an increase in vigorous and moderate exercise levels by 40 and 30%, respectively (P = 0.004). However, no differences were observed in these patients' eating habits as a result of confinement (P = 0.416). When the reproduction service was resumed, the participants showed higher anxiety level scores (P = 0.001) with respect to the pre-confinement situation as well as lower mean FertiQol scale score (P = 0.008). Conclusions: Confinement had increased anxiety and depression levels among these infertile women as well as tobacco use among the participants who were smokers. The prolonged closure of reproductive care units decreased the quality of life of the participants of this study. These results suggest the need to implement online programs to improve healthy habits and quality of life of this population group.
Pre-pregnancy dietary patterns and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: results from an Australian population-based prospective cohort study.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: We examined the associations between pre-pregnancy dietary patterns and the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in a population-based cohort study of women of reproductive age. METHODS: The Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health included 3,853 women without pre-existing diabetes who were followed-up between 2003 and 2012. Pre-pregnancy dietary patterns were derived using factor analysis based on 101 food items from a validated food frequency questionnaire. GDM was self-reported and validated in a subsample. Multivariable regression models with generalised estimating equations were used to estimate RR and 95% CI. RESULTS: During 9 years follow-up, 292 GDM cases (4.4%) were documented in 6,626 pregnancies. No associations were found for the 'Fruit and low-fat dairy' and 'Cooked vegetables' patterns. The 'Meats, snacks and sweets' pattern was associated with higher GDM risk after adjustment for socioeconomic, reproductive and lifestyle factors (RR [95% CI] per SD increase in score: 1.38 [1.02, 1.86]). Further adjustment for BMI attenuated the results (1.35 [0.98, 1.81]). In stratified analysis, the 'Meats, snacks and sweets' pattern was associated with significantly higher GDM risk in parous and obese women, and in women with lower educational qualifications. The 'Mediterranean-style' pattern was associated with lower GDM risk in the fully adjusted model (0.85 [0.76, 0.98]). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: These findings support general dietary recommendations for women of reproductive age to consume a diet rich in vegetables, whole grains, nuts and fish, and low in red and processed meats and snacks. Further prospective studies are needed to confirm these findings.
Breast cancer prevention in premenopausal women: role of the Mediterranean diet and its components.; Breast cancer (BC) is a growing public health concern in most developed and developing countries. Since an increasing number of patients with BC are diagnosed before the menopause and premenopausal women show a more aggressive phenotype, there is consistent interest in promoting prevention strategies in order to reduce the incidence of BC in the premenopause. The Mediterranean diet (MD) has been reported to have beneficial effect in terms of cancer prevention. This healthy dietary pattern consists primarily of foods having important antioxidant properties along with a favourable fatty acid profile, all associated with a reduced risk of cancer. Due to the large variability in study subject characteristics, the protective role of the MD on BC still remains controversial and studies that have investigated the association between adherence to the MD and risk of BC in premenopausal women are fewer than those in postmenopausal women. In addition, the possibility that the beneficial effects of the MD are due to a single component or might more probably derive from the synergic effects of all components of the MD remains a scantly explored field. Considering the increased risk of recurrence and mortality rate of BC in premenopausal women as compared with postmenopausal women, the aim of the present report is to provide a general overview of the current evidence on the relationship between BC and the MD specifically in premenopausal women, and to emphasise the potential role of the MD as an effective measure to reduce the risk of developing BC in premenopausal women.
Efficacy, Feasibility and Acceptability of a Mediterranean Diet Intervention on Hormonal, Metabolic and Anthropometric Measures in Overweight and Obese Women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Study Protocol.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine condition in reproductive-aged women associated with metabolic, reproductive and psychological features. Lifestyle modification (diet/physical activity) is considered first-line treatment for PCOS. However, there is limited high-quality evidence to support therapeutic dietary interventions for PCOS beyond general population-based healthy eating guidelines. Adherence to a Mediterranean diet (MedDiet), with or without energy restriction, improves cardiometabolic health in populations including persons with or at high risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. However, there is limited research examining the MedDiet in PCOS. Therefore, this 12 week randomized controlled trial will investigate the efficacy of a MedDiet on cardiometabolic and hormonal parameters and explore its acceptability and feasibility in PCOS. Forty-two overweight and obese women with PCOS (aged 18-45 years) will be randomized to receive dietary advice consistent with Australian Dietary Guidelines or an ad libitum MedDiet intervention. All participants will receive fortnightly counselling to facilitate behaviour change. The primary outcomes will be changes in insulin resistance, glucose, total testosterone and sex hormone-binding globulin. Secondary outcomes include changes in body weight and feasibility and acceptability of the MedDiet intervention. The results of this study will provide further evidence on specific dietary approaches for management of PCOS.
Effect of Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet on Maternal Iron Related Biochemical Parameters during Pregnancy and Gestational Weight Gain.; Gestation is a crucial life stage for both women and offspring, and outcomes are affected by many environmental factors, including diet. The Mediterranean dietary pattern (MD) is considered a healthy eating pattern that can provide the nutritional requirements of pregnancy. Meanwhile, iron deficiency anemia is one of the most frequent complications related to pregnancy. This study aimed to evaluate how the level of adherence to the MD influences maternal gestational weight gain and specific iron-related maternal biochemical parameters during the pregnancy. Accordingly, an observational, population-based study using data from pregnant women conducted over the entire course of their pregnancy was carried out. Adherence to the MD was assessed once using the MEDAS score questionnaire. Of the 506 women studied, 116 (22.9%) were classified as demonstrating a high adherence, 277 (54.7%) a medium adherence, and 113 (22.3%) a low adherence to the MD. No differences were observed in gestational weight gain among the MD adherence groups but the adequacy of weight gain did vary among the groups, with the proportions of inadequate (insufficient or excessive) weight gain presenting the most notable differences. Total anemia prevalence was 5.3%, 15.6%, and 12.3%, respectively, during the first, second, and third trimesters. For iron-related biochemical parameters, no differences are observed among the adherence groups during pregnancy. With high adherence to the MD as the reference group, the crude odds of iron deficiency diagnosis are significant in the first trimester for both the medium [OR = 2.99 (1.55-5.75)] and low [OR = 4.39 (2.15-8.96)] adherence groups, with deficient adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern being responsible for 66.5% (35.5-82.6) and 77.2% (53.5-88.8) of the risk of iron deficiency diagnosis for medium and low adherence, respectively. However, adjusted odds ratios were not significant, possibly due to the small sample size. Our data suggest that MD adherence could be related to gestational weight gain adequacy and that optimal adherence could reduce iron deficiency and/or anemia during pregnancy in the studied population.
The Association of Specific Dietary Patterns with Cardiometabolic Outcomes in Women with a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Scoping Review.; Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with a significantly increased risk of later type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Post-natal interventions aim to reduce this risk by addressing diet and lifestyle factors and frequently focus on restricting energy or macronutrient intake. With increased interest in the role of complete dietary patterns in the prevention of cardiometabolic disease, we sought to evaluate what is known about the role of dietary patterns in reducing cardiometabolic risk in women with previous GDM. A systematic search was conducted to identify studies relating to dietary pattern and cardiometabolic parameters in women with a history of GDM. The search criteria returned 6014 individual studies. In total, 71 full texts were reviewed, with 24 studies included in the final review. Eleven individual dietary patterns were identified, with the Alternative Health Eating Index (AHEI), Mediterranean diet (MD), and low glycaemic index (GI) as the most commonly featured dietary patterns. Relevant reported outcomes included incident T2DM and glucose tolerance parameters, as well as several cardiovascular risk factors. Dietary patterns which have previously been extensively demonstrated to reduce the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic disorders in the general population, including AHEI, MD, and DASH, were found to be associated with a reduction in the incidence of T2DM, hypertension, and additional risk factors for cardiometabolic disease in women with a history of GDM. Notable gaps in the literature were identified, including the relationship between dietary patterns and incident CVD, as well as the relationship between a low GI diet and the development of T2DM in this population.
Soy isoflavones, Mediterranean diet, and physical exercise in postmenopausal women with insulin resistance.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate whether a standard dose of 40 mg of soy isoflavones prescribed in routine clinical practice for treatment of menopausal symptoms has some influence on glucose homeostasis in postmenopausal women with insulin resistance (IR). METHODS: A total of 116 postmenopausal women with IR were randomly assigned to a group of Mediterranean diet and physical exercise (control group) or a group of Mediterranean diet, physical exercise, and daily oral ingestion of 40 mg of soy isoflavones (soy isoflavones group). Anthropometric measures, Kupperman Index values, Cervantes Scale score, and blood samples for glucose, insulin, lipid profile, creatinine, uric acid, homocysteine, folic acid, vitamin B12, selenium, and estradiol were determined at baseline and at intervals of 6, 12, 18, and 24 months. RESULTS: Mean homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR) values remained unchanged from the baseline in the control group but steadily decreased in the soy isoflavones group at 6 months (P = 0.042). There were no statistically significant differences between both groups in mean HOMA-IR scores at baseline, but statistically significantly lower values were found in the soy isoflavones group at 6 months (P = 0.009), 12 months (P = 0.011), 18 months (P = 0.018), and 24 months (P = 0.012). Changes in HOMA-IR values were also clearly related to body mass index (P < 0.001), abdominal circumference (P < 0.001), and treatment (P = 0.044) when a linear regression analysis was carried out. CONCLUSIONS: Daily intake of 40 mg of soy isoflavones together with a Mediterranean diet and exercise reduced IR in postmenopausal women who had IR in the first place. It was significantly better than lifestyle changes alone. If corroborated, this may be a useful intervention for these women.
The Relationship between Serum Adipokines, miR-222-3p, miR-103a-3p and Glucose Regulation in Pregnancy and Two to Three Years Post-Delivery in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Adhering to Mediterranean Diet Recommendations.; The San Carlos Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) prevention study, a nutritional intervention RCT based on a Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet), has been shown to reduce the incidence of GDM. The objective of this study is to investigate the relationship of leptin, adiponectin, interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), insulin and HOMA-IRand circulating miRNAs (miR-29a-3p, miR-103a-3p, miR-132-3p, miR-222-3p) with the appearance of GDM and with MedDiet-based nutritional intervention, at 24−28 gestational weeks (GW), and in glucose regulation 2−3 years post-delivery (PD). A total of 313 pregnant women, 77 with GDM vs. 236 with normal glucose tolerance (NGT), 141 from the control group (CG, MedDiet restricting the consumption of dietary fat including EVOO and nuts during pregnancy) vs. 172 from the intervention group (IG, MedDiet supplemented with extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) and pistachios during pregnancy) were compared at Visit 1 (8−12 GW), Visit 2 (24−28 GW) and Visit 3 (2−3 years PD). Expression of miRNAs was determined by the Exiqon miRCURY LNA RT-PCR system. Leptin, adiponectin, IL-6 and TNF-α, were measured by Milliplex® immunoassays on Luminex 200 and insulin by RIA. Women with GDM vs. NTG had significantly higher leptin median (Q1−Q3) levels (14.6 (9.2−19.4) vs. 9.6 (6.0−15.1) ng/mL; p < 0.05) and insulin levels (11.4 (8.6−16.5) vs. 9.4 (7.0−12.8) µUI/mL; p < 0.001) and lower adiponectin (12.9 (9.8−17.2) vs. 17.0 (13.3−22.4) µg/mL; p < 0.001) at Visit 2. These findings persisted in Visit 3, with overexpression of miR-222-3p (1.45 (0.76−2.21) vs. 0.99 (0.21−1.70); p < 0.05)) and higher levels of Il-6 and TNF-α. When the IG is compared with the CG lower levels of insulin, HOMA-IR-IR, IL-6 levels at Visit 2 and 3 and leptin levels only at Visit 2 were observed. An overexpression of miR-222-3p and miR-103a-3p were also observed in IG at Visit 2 and 3. The miR-222-3p and miR103a-3p expression correlated with insulin levels, HOMA-IR, IL-6 and TNF-α at Visit 2 (all p < 0.05). These data support the association of leptin, adiponectin and insulin/HOMA-IR with GDM, as well as the association of insulin/HOMA-IR and IL-6 and miR-222-3p and miR-103a-3p expression with a MedDiet-based nutritional intervention.
The Obesogenic Environment: Epigenetic Modifications in Placental Melanocortin 4 Receptor Gene Connected to Gestational Diabetes and Smoking.; BACKGROUND: Maternal metabolic insults as well as Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) influence the fetal health and may affect 'offspring's susceptibility to chronic diseases via epigenetic modifications. GDM, the most common metabolic disorder in pregnancy, can be considered the result of complex interactions between genetic and environmental factors. A critical point in this view is the identification of genes which are epigenetically modified under the influence of GDM. The melanocortin 4 receptor (MC4R) gene plays a crucial role in nutritional health by suppressing appetite and participating in energy control regulation. The correlations between pregnant 'women's metabolic profiles and placental epigenetic modifications of this gene have been poorly investigated. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of GDM and maternal clinical parameters at the third trimester of pregnancy to DNA methylation levels in the placenta at CpG sites of MC4R gene. DESIGN AND METHODS: Socio-demographic and clinical characteristics, Mediterranean diet adherence, smoking habits, and physical activity were assessed at the third trimester of pregnancy of 60 Caucasian pregnant women, of which 33 with GDM. Clinical parameters of the newborns were recorded at birth. MC4R DNA methylation on maternal and fetal sides of the placenta was analyzed using bisulfite pyrosequencing. RESULTS: MC4R DNA methylation levels at CpG1 and CpG2 were lower on the fetal side of the placenta in GDM-affected women than in non-GDM-affected recruits (p = 0.033). Moreover, DNA methylation levels on the maternal side at CpG1 were positively related to glucose concentration at 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). On the other hand, CpG2 DNA methylation was positively related to both 1-h and 2-h during OGTT. Maternal DNA methylation level at CpG2 was also associated with low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) at the third trimester of pregnancy (rho = 0.340, p < 0.05), while CpG1 methylation was negatively related to maternal weight variations at delivery (rho = -0.316, p < 0.05). Significant associations between MC4R DNA methylation on the maternal side and lipid profile at third trimester of pregnancy in women smokers were found. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that MC4R methylation profile in the placenta is related to maternal metabolic and nutritional conditions, potentially affecting fetal programming and the future metabolic health of the newborn.
Meat and meat products intake in pregnancy and risk of small for gestational age infants. A case-control study.; Introduction: different diets during pregnancy might have an impact on the health as reflected by the birth weight of the newborn. The consumption of meat and meat products during pregnancy and its relationship with the newborn health status have been studied by several authors. The studies carried out show inconsistent results. Objective: to analyse the association between maternal dietary intake of meat and meat products and the risk of small for gestational age (SGA) newborn. Methods: a matched case-control study of 518 cases and controls of pregnant women was performed in Spain. Cases were women with a SGA newborn. Data about demographic characteristics and diet were collected. Meat consumption was gathered through a validated food frequency questionnaire. Meat and meat products intakes were categorized in quintiles (Q1-Q5).The association between maternal meat and meat product intakes and SGA was assessed by logistic regression models with adjustment for confounding factors. Results: an intake of meat products above 6.8 g/day was associated with a lower risk of SGA delivery (OR = 0.7; 95% CI, 0.53-0.93) after adjusting for smoking, body mass index, previous preterm-low birth weight, newborn gender and adherence to Mediterranean diet. Conclusions: meat consumption was not associated with SGA, whereas meat products showed a moderate protective relationship.
Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic on Women's Health and Obstetric Outcomes after Assisted Reproduction: A Survey from an Italian Fertility Center.; BACKGROUND: the restrictive measures that were adopted during three waves of the COVID-19 pandemic had an impact on both the emotional state and lifestyle of the general population. We evaluated the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on lifestyles and emotional states of women planning assisted reproductive technology (ART), and whether these changes affected ART outcomes. METHODS: quantitative research, using a web-based survey, was performed on 289 Caucasian women. RESULTS: In preconception, we observed higher percentage of women with positive obstetric outcomes who reduced body weight (52.4% vs. 27.2%, p = 0.09). Over 60% of women with positive outcomes practiced physical activity vs. 47% of women with negative outcomes (p = 0.03), as well as having better quality of sleep (45% vs. 35%), and a more solid relationships with their partners (65.1% vs. 51.7%, p = 0.03). Women who increased their intake of whole grains, fruits, vegetables, and legumes (p < 0.05), according to the Mediterranean diet, showed positive outcomes. We observed that participants who experienced "very much" or "extreme" anxiety, sadness, and fear (p < 0.05) during pandemic were clearly more numerous in the group with negative pregnancy outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: healthy lifestyle together with a positive emotional state in preconception can positively influence the obstetric outcomes after ART.
Does a MediDiet With Additional Extra Virgin Olive Oil and Pistachios Reduce the Incidence of Gestational Diabetes?; OBJECTIVE: The present study aimed to evaluate gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) incidence in pregnant women following the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) with the addition of extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) and pistachios. METHODS: A total of 560 pregnant patients were enrolled in the present study. The MedDiet was introduced in both the interventional group (IG) and the control group. The women in the IG received 40 mL of EVOO every day along with 25 to 30 g of roasted pistachios. The incidence of GDM was recorded along with specific maternal and neonatal outcomes. RESULTS: The nutritional scores and MedDiet adherence screener scores were not statistically different between the groups at baseline, but the difference was statistically significant and higher in the IG at 24 to 28 weeks (P = .001) and at 36 to 38 weeks (P = .001). GDM was diagnosed in 51 (20.4%) women in the control group and 34 (13.6%) women in the IG. The MedDiet significantly reduced GDM incidence (P = .02) after adjusting for confounding factors. CONCLUSION: The present study shows that dietary intervention in pregnant women, including a MedDiet and increased consumption of EVOO and pistachios, decreases the incidence of GDM.
The Association of Mediterranean Diet during Pregnancy with Longitudinal Body Mass Index Trajectories and Cardiometabolic Risk in Early Childhood.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the associations between maternal adherence to the Mediterranean diet during pregnancy and their offspring's longitudinal body mass index (BMI) trajectories and cardiometabolic risk in early childhood. STUDY DESIGN: We included mother-child pairs from the Infancia y Medio Ambiente (INMA) longitudinal cohort study in Spain. We measured dietary intake during pregnancy using a validated food frequency questionnaire and calculated the relative Mediterranean diet score (rMED). We estimated offspring's BMI z score trajectories from birth to age 4 years using latent class growth analyses (n = 2195 mother-child pairs). We measured blood pressure, waist circumference, and cardiometabolic biomarkers to construct a cardiometabolic risk score at 4 years (n = 697 mother-child pairs). We used multivariable adjusted linear and multinomial regression models. RESULTS: A higher maternal rMED in pregnancy was associated with a lower risk in offspring of larger birth size, followed by accelerated BMI gain (reference trajectory group: children with average birth size and subsequent slower BMI gain) (relative risk of high vs low rMED score, 0.68; 95% CI, 0.47-0.99). rMED score during pregnancy was not associated with the cardiometabolic risk score, its components, or related biomarkers. CONCLUSIONS: Higher adherence to the Mediterranean diet in pregnancy was associated with lower risk of having offspring with an accelerated growth pattern. This dietary pattern was not associated with the offspring's cardiometabolic risk at 4 years.
Adherence to a Mediterranean diet and plasma concentrations of lipid peroxidation in premenopausal women.; BACKGROUND: A Mediterranean diet has been associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease and mortality. A possible mechanism is through a decrease in lipid peroxidation (LPO); however, evidence linking the Mediterranean diet with lower LPO in premenopausal women is sparse. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether adherence to a Mediterranean diet was associated with lower LPO concentrations in premenopausal women. DESIGN: Two hundred fifty-nine healthy women aged 18-44 y were followed for ≤ 2 menstrual cycles. Plasma concentrations of F(2)-isoprostane (8-iso-PGF2α), 9-hydroxyoctadecadieneoic acid (9-HODE), and thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) were measured ≤ 8 times per cycle at visits scheduled by using fertility monitors. Diet was assessed ≤ 4 times per cycle by using 24-h dietary recalls. The alternate Mediterranean Diet Score (aMED) (range: 0-9) was calculated on the basis of intake of vegetables, legumes, fruit, nuts, whole grains, red and processed meat, fish, and alcohol and the ratio of monounsaturated to saturated fat. RESULTS: A 1-unit increase in aMED was associated with a 4.50% decrease in 8-iso-PGF2α concentrations (95% CI: -6.32%, -2.65%) and a 14.01% decrease in 9-HODE concentrations (95% CI: -17.88%, -9.96%) after adjustment for energy intake, age, race, body mass index, plasma ascorbic acid, and serum cholesterol. No significant association was observed between aMED and TBARS. A 1-unit increase in aMED was associated with a 1.39% increase (95% CI: 0.07%, 2.72%) in plasma ascorbic acid concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to a Mediterranean diet is associated with lower LPO and higher ascorbic acid concentrations. These results confirm that decreased LPO is a plausible mechanism linking a Mediterranean diet to reduced cardiovascular disease risk.
Mediterranean diet and the risk of poor semen quality: cross-sectional analysis of men referring to an Italian Fertility Clinic.; BACKGROUND: Several diet patterns have been suggested as involved in processes of spermatogenesis and thus in male subfertility. To study the relation between Mediterranean diet and abnormal sperm parameters in men of subfertile couples, we performed a cross-sectional analysis of baseline data from a prospective cohort study. METHODS: Patients were enrolled in an Italian Fertility Clinic. Couples undergoing assisted reproduction techniques (ART) were interviewed to obtain information on personal and health history, lifestyle habits, and diet, on the day of oocyte retrieval. On the same day, a semen sample was also collected and analyzed to proceed with ART. Adherence to Mediterranean diet was evaluated using a Mediterranean Diet Score (MDS). Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated for semen volume <1.5 mL, sperm concentration <15 mil/mL, and total count <39 mil. RESULTS: Three hundred nine men, age range 27-60, were enrolled: 19.3% had semen volume < 1.5 mL, 30.5% sperm concentration <15 mil/mL, and 32.1% total count <39 mil. MDS was low (0-3) in 86 men (27.8%), intermediate (4-5) in 131 (42.4%), and high (6-9) in 92 (29.8%). Semen volume was not associated with MDS. Compared to the highest MDS category (6-9), the ORs for low sperm concentration were 1.34 (95% CI 0.69-2.50) for MDS 4-5 and 2.42 (95% CI 1.21-4.83) for MDS 0-3, with significant trend (p = 0.011). The corresponding estimates for total count were 1.26 (95% CI 0.66-2.42) and 2.08 (95% CI 1.05-4.12), with significant trend (p = 0.034). These findings were consistent in strata of history of reproductive organ diseases. CONCLUSIONS: Mediterranean Diet Score was positively associated with normal sperm concentration and total count, but not with semen volume.
Lifestyle intervention towards Mediterranean Diet, physical activity adherence and anthropometric parameters in normal weight women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome or Hashimoto's Thyroiditis - preliminary study.; INTRODUCTION: Overweight and obesity are frequently present in both women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and with Hashimoto's thyroiditis (HT). This is a limited study regarding the benefits of lifestyle changes, including dietary habits, dedicated to patients with HT and PCOS. OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to assess the effectiveness of an intervention programme based on the Mediterranean Diet (MD) without caloric restriction and increased physical activity to change selected anthropometric parameters in women with both health conditions. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The intervention programme consisted of changing the participants diet towards MD rules and increasing physical activity for 10 weeks according WHO recommendation. The study involved 14 women diagnosed with HT, 15 with PCOS and 24 women from a control group. The intervention programme consisted of educating patients in the form of a lecture, dietary advice, leaflets and a 7-day menu based on MD. During the programme, patients were required to implement recommended lifestyle changes. The mean intervention time was 72 ± 20 days. Nutritional status was analyzed by body composition, degree of implementation of the principles of the MD by using the MedDiet Score Tool, and the level of physical activity by the IPAQ-PL questionnaire. The above-mentioned parameters were evaluated twice, before and after the intervention. RESULTS: The intervention programme consisting in implementing the principles of the MD and increasing physical activity to effect a change in the anthropometric parameters of all groups of women studied; all women had a reduction in body fat and body mass index. A decrease in waist circumference was observed in the group of patients with Hashimoto's disease. CONCLUSIONS: An intervention programme based on the Mediterranean Diet and physical activity can be a good way to improve the health of HT and PCOS patients.
Dietary patterns, Mediterranean diet, and endometrial cancer risk.; This study examines the association between dietary patterns and endometrial cancer risk. A case-control study of endometrial cancer was conducted from 1996 to 1999 in the San Francisco Bay Area in white, African-American, and Latina women age 35-79. Dietary patterns were defined using a principal components analysis; scoring dietary intake based on correspondence to a Mediterranean-style diet; and by jointly categorizing intake of fruits/vegetables and dietary fat. Four dietary patterns were identified and labeled "plant-based," "western," "ethnic," and "phytoestrogen-rich." None of these dietary patterns nor adherence to a Mediterranean diet (to the extent consumed by this population) was associated with endometrial cancer risk. However, among non-users of supplements, greater consumption of the "western" dietary pattern was associated with a 60% increase in risk (95% CI: 0.95-2.7 per unit change; P-interaction = 0.10). A diet characterized by high fat consumption increased risk, regardless of fruit and vegetable consumption (OR = 1.4, 95% CI: 0.97-2.1 for high fat, low fruit/vegetable intake and OR = 1.4, 95% CI: 0.95-2.1 for high fat, high fruit/vegetable intake compared to low fat, high fruit/vegetable intake). Thus, while like others we found that dietary fat increases endometrial cancer risk, the evaluation of dietary patterns did not provide any additional information regarding risk.
Early Subclinical Atherosclerosis in Gestational Diabetes: The Predictive Role of Routine Biomarkers and Nutrigenetic Variants.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can be considered a silent risk for out-of-pregnancy diabetes mellitus (DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. We aimed to assess the predictive role of 3(rd) trimester lipid profile during pregnancy for the susceptibility to markers of subclinical atherosclerosis (CVD susceptibility) at 3 years in a cohort of women with history of GDM. A secondary aim is to evaluate the usefulness of novel nutrigenetic markers, in addition to traditional parameters, for predicting early subclinical atherosclerosis in such women in order to plan adequate early prevention interventions. We assessed 28 consecutive GDM women in whom we collected socio-demographic characteristics and clinical and anthropometric parameters at the 3(rd) trimester of pregnancy. In a single blood sample, from each patient, we assessed 9 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) from 9 genes related to nutrients and metabolism, which were genotyped by High Resolution Melting analysis. All women then attended a 3-year-postpartum follow-up and on that occasion performed an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT, with 75 g oral glucose), the measurement of carotid artery intima-media thickness (cIMT), and analyses of metabolic parameters. In addition, we evaluated the physical activity level and the adherence to Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) using the International Physical Activity Questionnaire (IPAQ-short version) and PREDIMED questionnaires. We found an association between 3(rd) trimester triglycerides and cIMT (p = 0.014). We also found significant associations between the APOA5 CC genotype and cIMT after adjustments for age and body mass index (p = 0.045) and between the interaction CC APOA5/CC LDLR and cIMT (p = 0.010). At the follow-up, the cohort also featured a mean BMI in the overweight range and a high mean waist circumference. We found no difference in the MedDiet adherence, physical activity, and smoking but an inverse correlation between the PREDIMED and the IPAQ scores with the IMT. In conclusion, this preliminary study provides insight into the predictive role of lipid profile during pregnancy and of some genetic variants on cIMT taken as a parameter of subclinical CVD susceptibility in GDM.
Pharmacological and clinical basis of treatment of Familial Mediterranean Fever (FMF) with colchicine or analogues: an update.; Familial Mediterranean Fever (FMF), an autosomal recessive disorder, is characterised by recurrent attacks of fever and serositis, lasting 24-72 hours. Since 1972 colchicine has become the drug of choice for prophylaxis against FMF attacks and amyloidosis FMF-associated. Colchicine, an alkaloid neutral, is absorbed in the jejunum and ileum. It metabolised by liver and only small amounts are recovered unchanged in the urine. Really plasma half-life is prolonged in patients with liver or renal failure. Colchicine is able to prevent activation of neutrophils, binding beta-tubulin and making beta-tubulin-colchicine complexes; this way inhibits assembly of microtubules and mitotic spindle formation; moreover its mode of action includes modulation of chemokines, prostanoids production, inhibition of neutrophil and endothelial cell adhesion molecules. The minimal daily dose in adults is 1.0 mg/die, but in children there is not a definite dose. Since in vitro high dosages of colchicine stop mitosis, this drug might interfere with male and female fertility and with children growth, but, according to current guidelines and because of rare side effects of the drug, FMF patients are recommended to take colchicine. Since colchicine treatment is often complicated by frequent gastrointestinal side effects, by our experience, in order to improve colchicine tolerance we recommend: lactose-free diet and treatment of intestinal bacterial overgrowth and/or Hp-infection, assessed by breath tests. Since our data showed that 10-15% of FMF patients seem are non-responders or intolerant to colchicine, today we are working in the design of colchicine analogues which may have lesser toxicities and a larger therapeutic window.
Longitudinal changes in circulating concentrations of inflammatory markers throughout pregnancy: are there associations with diet and weight status?; The natural inflammation occurring during pregnancy can, under certain conditions, be associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. This study aimed to (1) quantify changes in circulating concentrations of leptin, adiponectin, interleukin-6 (IL-6) and C-reactive protein (CRP) across trimesters of pregnancy, according to pre-pregnancy body mass index (ppBMI); and (2) examine the trimester-specific associations between the inflammatory markers' concentrations, a Mediterranean diet score (MDS) and the dietary inflammatory index (DII). We measured leptin, adiponectin and IL-6 by ELISA and CRP by high-sensitivity immunonephelometry, in blood samples from 79 pregnant women (age: 32.1 ± 3.7 years; ppBMI: 25.7 ± 5.8 kg/m(2)). Three Web-based 24-h recalls were completed at each trimester and used to compute the MDS and the DII. CRP concentrations remained stable across trimesters, whereas concentrations of leptin and IL-6 increased, and adiponectin concentrations decreased (p < 0.001). Changes in leptin and adiponectin concentrations also differed according to ppBMI categories (p < 0.05). As for the dietary scores, the only significant association was observed in the second trimester between leptin concentrations and the MDS (r = -0.26, p < 0.05). In conclusion, ppBMI and the progression of pregnancy itself probably supplant the potential associations between diet and the inflammation occurring during that period. Novelty: Circulating leptin and IL-6 concentrations increased across trimesters whereas CRP was stable, and adiponectin decreased. Variations in circulating leptin and adiponectin concentrations differed by ppBMI categories. Very few associations were observed between dietary scores and inflammatory markers.
Mediterranean and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension dietary patterns and risk of sudden cardiac death in postmenopausal women.; BACKGROUND: The Mediterranean and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diets are characterized by higher intake of fruit, vegetables, whole grains, and unsaturated fatty acids. All of these foods and nutrients may affect cholesterol, inflammation, the development of atherosclerosis, and, therefore, risk of cardiac death. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to examine the association between the Mediterranean and DASH dietary patterns and risk of sudden cardiac death (SCD) in women. DESIGN: We used a prospective cohort of 93,122 postmenopausal women enrolled in the Women's Health Initiative study between 1993 and 1998 and followed for an average of 10.5 y. Women completed a food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) twice during follow-up. We scored their diets according to how closely the reported diet resembled each dietary pattern. SCD was defined as death that occurred within 1 h of symptom onset. RESULTS: A higher Mediterranean diet score was associated with lower risk of SCD (HR: 0.64; 95% CI: 0.43, 0.94) when women in the highest quintile were compared with women in the lowest quintile after adjustment for age, total energy, race, income, smoking, and physical activity. After adjustment for potential mediators, the association was similar (HR: 0.67; 95% CI: 0.46, 0.99). A higher DASH diet score was not associated with risk of SCD. However, sodium intake, which is a crucial component of the DASH dietary pattern, was not well characterized by the FFQ. CONCLUSION: The Mediterranean dietary pattern may be associated with lower risk of SCD in women. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00000611.
Evaluation of diet pattern and weight gain in postmenopausal women enrolled in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study.; It is unclear which of four popular contemporary diet patterns is best for weight maintenance among postmenopausal women. Four dietary patterns were characterised among postmenopausal women aged 49-81 years (mean 63·6 (sd 7·4) years) from the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study: (1) a low-fat diet; (2) a reduced-carbohydrate diet; (3) a Mediterranean-style (Med) diet; and (4) a diet consistent with the US Department of Agriculture's Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA). Discrete-time hazards models were used to compare the risk of weight gain (≥10 %) among high adherers of each diet pattern. In adjusted models, the reduced-carbohydrate diet was inversely related to weight gain (OR 0·71; 95 % CI 0·66, 0·76), whereas the low-fat (OR 1·43; 95 % CI 1·33, 1·54) and DGA (OR 1·24; 95 % CI 1·15, 1·33) diets were associated with increased risk of weight gain. By baseline weight status, the reduced-carbohydrate diet was inversely related to weight gain among women who were normal weight (OR 0·72; 95 % CI 0·63, 0·81), overweight (OR 0·67; 95 % CI 0·59, 0·76) or obese class I (OR 0·63; 95 % CI 0·53, 0·76) at baseline. The low-fat diet was associated with increased risk of weight gain in women who were normal weight (OR 1·28; 95 % CI 1·13, 1·46), overweight (OR 1·60; 95 % CI 1·40, 1·83), obese class I (OR 1·73; 95 % CI 1·43, 2·09) or obese class II (OR 1·44; 95 % CI 1·08, 1·92) at baseline. These findings suggest that a low-fat diet may promote weight gain, whereas a reduced-carbohydrate diet may decrease risk of postmenopausal weight gain.
Associations between diet quality and dietary patterns and gestational diabetes mellitus in a low-risk cohort of pregnant women in Australia: a cross-sectional study.; INTRODUCTION: Evidence of associations between the Mediterranean Diet Score (MDS) and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) score and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in pregnant women is limited. This study examined changes in MDS and DASH and dietary patterns in Australian pregnant women between early and late pregnancy and their associations with GDM. METHODS: The data from n = 284 participants were analysed. Diet quality indices and empirical dietary patterns were determined in early (15 ± 3 weeks gestation) and late pregnancy (35 ± 2 weeks gestation). Paired t-tests were used to examine changes in scores for diet quality indices and dietary patterns from early to late pregnancy. Logistic regression analysis was used to examine associations between GDM, diet quality indices and dietary patterns. RESULTS: Three major dietary patterns were identified at early pregnancy. The first and second dietary patterns included unhealthier and healthier food groups, respectively, and the third comprised mixed food groups. Although diet quality scores did not change over time, consumption of the first dietary pattern increased (p = 0.01), and consumption of the second dietary pattern decreased by late pregnancy in women without GDM (p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: No associations between DASH score, MDS and GDM were found; however an inverse association was observed between the first dietary pattern and GDM in late pregnancy (p = 0.023). Longitudinal studies are needed to examine diet quality and dietary patterns at early and late pregnancy to inform the development of tailored dietary advice for GDM.
Does birth mode modify associations of maternal pre-pregnancy BMI and gestational weight gain with the infant gut microbiome?; BACKGROUND: Mother-to-newborn transmission of obesity-associated microbiota may be modified by birth mode (vaginal vs. Cesarean delivery). Prospective data to test this hypothesis are still sparse. OBJECTIVE: To examine prospective associations of maternal pre-pregnancy BMI and gestational weight gain with the infant gut microbiome by birth-mode strata. SUBJECTS/METHODS: In 335 mother-infant pairs in the New Hampshire Birth Cohort, we ascertained data from questionnaires and medical records, and generated microbiome data from 6-week-old infants' stool using Illumina 16s rRNA gene sequencing (V4-V5 region). Analyses were stratified by birth mode and conducted before and after adjusting for potential confounders, which included maternal age, education, parity, and Mediterranean diet score. RESULTS: Among 335 mothers, 56% had normal pre-pregnancy BMI ( < 25, referent), 27% were overweight (BMI 25-30), and 18% obese (BMI > 30). Among the 312 mothers with weight gain data, 10% had inadequate weight gain, 30% adequate (referent), and 60% excess. Birth mode modified associations of pre-pregnancy BMI with several genera, including the most abundant genus, Bacteroides (P for interaction = 0.05). In the vaginal-delivery group, maternal overweight or obesity was associated with higher infant gut microbiome diversity and higher relative abundance of 15 operational taxonomic units (OTUs), including overrepresentation of Bacteroides fragilis, Escherichia coli, Veillonella dispar, and OTUs in the genera Staphylococcus and Enterococcus. In the Cesarean-delivered group, there were no significant associations of pre-pregnancy BMI with infant microbiome (alpha) diversity or OTUs. Gestational weight gain was not associated with differential relative abundance of infant gut microbial OTUs or with measures of microbial diversity in infants delivered vaginally or by Cesarean section. CONCLUSIONS: Among vaginally-delivered infants, maternal overweight and obesity was associated with altered infant gut microbiome composition and higher diversity. These associations were not observed in Cesarean-delivered infants, whose microbiome development differs from vaginally-delivered infants. Our study provides additional evidence of birth-mode dependent associations of maternal body weight status with the infant gut microbiota. The role of these associations in mediating the intergenerational cycle of obesity warrants further examination.
Greater adherence to a Mediterranean-like diet is associated with later breast development and menarche in peripubertal girls.; OBJECTIVE: To examine adherence to a Mediterranean-like diet at age 9-10 years in relation to onset of breast development (thelarche) and first menstruation (menarche). DESIGN: We evaluated the associations of adherence to a Mediterranean-like diet (measured by an adapted Mediterranean-like Diet Score, range 0-9) with thelarche at baseline, age at thelarche and time to menarche. Data were collected at baseline during a clinic visit, complemented with a mailed questionnaire and three 24 hour telephone dietary recalls, followed by annual follow-up questionnaires. Multivariable Poisson regression, linear regression and Cox proportional hazards regression were used to evaluate timing of pubertal development in relation to diet adherence. SETTING: New Jersey, USA. PARTICIPANTS: Girls aged 9 or 10 years at baseline (2006-2014, n 202). RESULTS: High Mediterranean-like diet adherence (score 6-9) was associated with a lower prevalence of thelarche at baseline compared with low adherence (score 0-3; prevalence ratio = 0·65, 95 % CI 0·48, 0·90). This may have been driven by consumption of fish and non-fat/low-fat dairy. Our models also suggested a later age at thelarche with higher Mediterranean-like diet adherence. Girls with higher Mediterranean-like diet adherence had significantly longer time to menarche (hazard ratio = 0·45, 95 % CI 0·28, 0·71 for high v. low adherence). Further analysis suggested this may have been driven by vegetable and non-fat/low-fat dairy consumption. CONCLUSIONS: Consuming a Mediterranean-like diet may be associated with older age at thelarche and menarche. Further research is necessary to confirm our findings in other US paediatric populations and elucidate the mechanism through which Mediterranean-like diet may influence puberty timing.
Nutrition knowledge, attitudes, and perceptions of Greek menopausal women.; OBJECTIVE: Nutritional guidelines for postmenopausal women differ. This study aimed to assess postmenopausal women's knowledge, beliefs, and practices regarding nutrition during menopause and their dietary habits. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted in a menopause clinic, and data from 105 women were analyzed. A nutrition knowledge, attitudes, and perceptions (KAP) questionnaire was designed, structured, and piloted before implementation, based on the Hellenic dietary guidelines. International Physical Activity Questionnaire-Greek version, MedDietScore, and Menopause-specific Quality of Life questionnaires were administered. RESULTS: The mean ± SD age of the women was 56.9 ± 4.6 years. The mean ± SD KAP score was 12.2 ± 3.5. Those who lived in rural areas had lower KAP scores than those who lived in urban areas ( P = 0.004). Of all the women, 74.5% knew the Mediterranean diet pyramid, whereas 9.8% knew the Hellenic dietary guidelines. Women who had read the guidelines showed better knowledge of Mediterranean diet food groups (Pearson, 0.309; P = 0.039). Knowledge of dairy services was correlated with consumption of dairy products ( P = 0.002). Furthermore, 76.4% were willing to participate in nutrition education programs. The International Physical Activity Questionnaire score was positively correlated with years of smoking ( P = 0.002). Physical activity correlated with adherence to the Mediterranean diet ( P = 0.044). CONCLUSIONS: The majority of postmenopausal Greek women in this study were unaware of the Hellenic dietary guidelines. In general, women's knowledge of nutrition during menopause was moderate. Greek postmenopausal women are willing to participate in nutrition education programs, which should raise awareness of healthy lifestyles through nutrition, exercise, and smoking cessation.
Pairing Evidence-Based Strategies With Motivational Interviewing to Support Optimal Nutrition and Weight Gain in Pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: Because eating, nutrition, and weight management patterns adopted during pregnancy may persist beyond the postpartum period, pregnancy provides an opportunity for health education that affects the future health of the pregnant person, the fetus, and the family. This systematic review aimed to find nutrition and weight management behaviors that could be used safely during pregnancy to optimize gestational weight gain. METHODS: PubMed, MEDLINE, and Web of Science were searched for research or systematic reviews published in English from 2018 to 2023 using terms including gestational weight gain maintenance, weight, management, pregnancy, behavior, strategy, and strategies. Excluded research used pediatric or adolescent populations, restrictive diets such as no carbohydrate or no fat diets, fasting, bariatric surgery, weight loss medications, private industry, or profit-earning programs using food brands or specific diet programs. RESULTS: The abstracts reviewed in these areas: excessive gestational weight gain (1019), low-glycemic index diet (640), Mediterranean diet (220), MyPlate diet (2), the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet (50), portion control (6), home meal preparation (6), mindful eating (13), intuitive eating (10), self-weighing (10), and motivational interviewing during pregnancy (107), were reduced to 102 studies. Studies in those 10 areas were reviewed for nutrition and eating behaviors that are safe to use during pregnancy and could be used along with motivational interviewing. CONCLUSION: Clinicians can discuss these behaviors using motivational interviewing techniques to assist clients in optimizing gestational weight gain. Dialogue examples pairing these strategies with motivational interviewing principles are included.
Obesity, Insulin Resistance, and Hyperandrogenism Mediate the Link between Poor Diet Quality and Ovarian Dysmorphology in Reproductive-Aged Women.; The relationship between diet quality and ovarian morphology has biological plausibility yet remains unclear and was therefore evaluated. In a multicenter cross-sectional analysis, four dietary patterns were scored for 111 consecutive reproductive-aged women (18-45 years) using (1) Healthy Eating Index (HEI-2015); (2) alternative HEI-2010; (3) alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMED); (4) and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) indices. Ovarian volume (OV) and follicle number per ovary (FNPO) were evaluated on transvaginal ultrasonography. Relationships between dietary and ovarian morphology indices were evaluated by linear regression and mediation analyses. Associations between aMED and DASH scores and OV/FNPO were completely mediated by obesity, insulin resistance, and hyperandrogenism (All: p < 0.05), unlike direct associations (All: p ≥ 0.89). Namely, a 1-standard deviation [SD] increase in aMED score was associated with decreases in OV (0.09 SD; 0.4 mL) through reducing waist circumference. Likewise, a 1 SD increase in aMED and DASH score was associated with decreases in OV (0.07 SD; 0.3 mL) by reducing glucose response to a 75 g glucose tolerance test. A 1 SD increase in DASH score was associated with decreased FNPO (0.07 SD; 2 follicles) by reducing free androgen index (All: p < 0.05). Adherence to aMED and DASH eating plans was indirectly associated with significant improvements in ovarian form, providing novel mechanistic insights for future interventions about contributions of diet quality on ovarian function.
Hyperglycaemia in pregnancy in Mediterranean women.; New diagnostic criteria have recently been proposed that will result in a higher proportion of individuals being diagnosed as suffering from gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) than previously. The present circum-Mediterranean study sets out to identify the relevance of the new criteria in this population. The study was a prospective, non-interventional, multicentre study in the Mediterranean region. A convenient sample of 1,368 pregnant women was recruited. All participants underwent a 75 g oGTT subdivided into five different glycaemic categories. The women's anthropomorphic and biological data, together with obstetric and infant outcomes, were collected. There was a threefold increase in diagnosis using the new criteria. Most of the biological characteristics generally associated with GDM showed high specificity and low sensitivity values. The biological characteristics, including maternal age, BMI and FBG, showed a progressive increase as a function of maternal glycaemia with moderate sensitivity and specificity values. Using these latter characteristics in combination ensures that 72.3 % of the GDM population would be correctly identified, while an oGTT would only be required in 18.7 % of the population. The progressive relationship of increasing glycaemia to adverse characteristics suggests that the new IADPSG criteria are reasonable provided that dietary advice is given to all pregnant women. In situations of economic restraints, it appears possible to screen Mediterranean women for GDM risk using a composite model using FBG >5.0 mmol/l combined with the performance of an oGTT in women with a low FBG but who are overweight and aged >30 years.
Post-lunch triglyceridaemia associates with HDLc and insulin resistance in fasting normotriglyceridaemic menopausal women.; OBJECTIVES: Post-prandial hypertriglyceridaemia (P-HTG) is associated with cardiovascular disease. This association is of paramount importance during menopause, which is also related to reduced high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDLc) and elevated triglyceride (TG) levels. We aimed to provide a self-assesing tool to screen for P-HTG in menopausal women who were normotriglyceridaemic at fasting and adhered to a Mediterranean-style eating pattern. METHODS: We performed oral fat loading tests (OFLT) in combination with self-measurements of diurnal capillary TG at fixed time-points (DC-TG) in 29 healthy menopausal women. TG levels >220 mg dL(-1) at any given time during the OFLT served as diagnostic criteria for P-HTG. Subsequently, DC-TG profiles were examined to determine the best mealtime (breakfast, lunch or dinner), as well as optimal cut-off points to classify these women as having P-HTG according to the OFLT. Insulin resistance was defined as the upper tertile of the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance. RESULTS: We found that, despite having normal fasting TG levels, P-HTG was highly prevalent (approximately 40%). Moreover, self-assessed 3-h post-lunch TG levels >165 mg dL(-1) increased the odds of having hypo-HDL cholesterolaemia by 14.1-fold (P = 0.026) and the odds of having insulin resistance by 31.6-fold (P = 0.007), adjusted for total fat intake in women adhering to a Mediterranean eating pattern having their highest energy intake at lunch. CONCLUSIONS: Self-assessed 3-h post-lunch TG can be used to study post-prandial TG metabolism in Southern European menopausal women who are normotriglyceridaemic at fasting. Characterising an individual's post-prandial response may help menopausal women to evaluate their risk of cardiovascular disease.
The Effect of a Maternal Mediterranean Diet in Pregnancy on Insulin Resistance is Moderated by Maternal Negative Affect.; There is inconsistent evidence that healthy dietary interventions can effectively mitigate the risk of adverse outcomes associated with elevated insulin resistance in pregnancy, suggesting that other moderating factors may be at play. Maternal psychological state is an important factor to consider in this regard, because stress/mood state can directly influence glycemia and a bidirectional relationship may exist between nutrition and psychological state. The objective of this study was to examine the interaction between maternal negative affect and diet quality on third trimester insulin resistance. We conducted a prospective longitudinal study of N = 203 women with assessments in early and mid-pregnancy, which included an ecological momentary assessment of maternal psychological state, from which a negative affect score (NAS) was derived, and 24-h dietary recalls, from which the Mediterranean Diet Score (MDS) was computed. The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was computed from third trimester fasting plasma glucose and insulin values. Early pregnancy MDS was inversely associated with the HOMA-IR, but this did not maintain significance after adjusting for covariates. There was a significant effect of the mid-pregnancy MDS*NAS interaction term with the HOMA-IR in the adjusted model, such that a higher negative affect was found to override the beneficial effects of a Mediterranean diet on insulin resistance. These results highlight the need to consider nutrition and affective state concurrently in the context of gestational insulin resistance.
Maternal dietary patterns and placental outcomes among pregnant women in Los Angeles.; INTRODUCTION: Epidemiological studies have linked prenatal maternal diet to fetal growth, but whether diet affects placental outcomes is poorly understood. METHODS: We collected past month dietary intake from 148 women in mid-pregnancy enrolled at University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) antenatal clinics from 2016 to 2019. We employed the food frequency Diet History Questionnaire II and generated the Healthy Eating Index-2015 (HEI-2015), the Alternate Healthy Eating Index for Pregnancy (AHEI-P), and the Alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMED). We conducted T(2)-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in mid-pregnancy (1st during 14-17 and 2nd during 19-24 gestational weeks) to evaluate placental volume (cm(3)) and we measured placenta weight (g) at delivery. We estimated change and 95 % confidence interval (CI) in placental volume and associations of placenta weight with all dietary index scores and diet items using linear regression models. RESULTS: Placental volume in mid-pregnancy was associated with an 18.9 cm(3) (95 % CI 5.1, 32.8) increase per 100 gestational days in women with a higher HEI-2015 (≥median), with stronger results for placentas of male fetuses. We estimated positive associations between placental volume at the 1st and 2nd MRI and higher intake of vegetables, high-fat fish, dairy, and dietary intake of B vitamins. A higher aMED (≥median) score was associated with a 40.5 g (95 % CI 8.5, 72.5) increase in placenta weight at delivery, which was mainly related to protein intake. DISCUSSION: Placental growth represented by volume in mid-pregnancy and weight at birth is influenced by the quality and content of the maternal diet.
Maternal healthful dietary patterns during peripregnancy and long-term overweight risk in their offspring.; Adherence to healthful dietary patterns is associated with lower body mass index (BMI) in adults; however, whether maternal diet quality during peripregnancy is related to a lower overweight risk in the offspring remains to be elucidated. We investigated the associations between the Alternate Healthy Eating Index (AHEI), Alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMED) and Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension (DASH) during peripregnancy and offspring weight outcomes in a study including 2729 mother-child pairs from the Nurses' Health Study II and offspring cohort Growing Up Today Study II. Children, 12-14 years at baseline were 21-23 years at the last follow-up. Overweight or obesity was defined according to International Obesity Task Force (< 18 years) and World-Health-Organization guidelines (18 + years). Maternal dietary patterns were calculated from food frequency questionnaires. Log-binomial models were used to estimate relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals. In models adjusted for sex, gestational age at delivery and maternal total energy intake, greater maternal adherence to aMED and DASH, but not AHEI, was associated with lower overweight risk in the offspring (RR(Q5 vs Q1) = 0.82 [0.70-0.97] for aMED and 0.86 [0.72-1.04] for DASH, P for trend < 0.05 for both). After additional adjustment for maternal pre-pregnancy lifestyle factors and socio-demographic characteristic, none of the diet quality scores were significantly associated with offspring overweight risk. Maternal pre-pregnancy BMI did not modify any of these associations. In this population of generally well-nourished women, maternal healthful dietary patterns during the period surrounding pregnancy were not independently associated with offspring overweight risk at ages 12-23 years.
Feasibility and acceptability of a Mediterranean-style diet intervention to reduce cardiovascular risk for low income Hispanic American women.; OBJECTIVE: Evidence for the cardioprotective effects of a Mediterranean-style (Med-style) diet is strong, however few Med-style dietary interventions have been developed for and tested among Hispanic Americans (HAs), especially younger HAs of reproductive age whose dietary habits may strongly influence dietary intake for all family members. DESIGN: We adapted a previously tested and evidence-informed lifestyle intervention to reduce CVD risk and evaluated its feasibility, acceptability, and effects on self-reported lifestyle behaviors in this study enrolling low-income HA women attending a Title X family planning clinic in eastern North Carolina. The 3-month long intervention, given to all participants, promoted a Med-style dietary pattern with a focus on increasing consumption of foods commonly consumed by HA that have high quality dietary fats (polyunsaturated and monounsaturated fats primarily from plant sources and fish) and carbohydrates (fruits, vegetables, and whole grains). The intervention also recommended increasing physical activity and was given during 2 face-to-face counseling sessions and 2 telephone counseling sessions. Major outcomes were engagement with study activities and intervention acceptability; lifestyle behavior change at 3-month follow-up is also reported. RESULTS: Baseline characteristics (n = 36) were: mean age 33 years, 35 (97%) without health insurance, 32 (89%) born in Mexico, and mean BMI 30 kg/m(2). Engagement was high among the 36 participants with 33 (92%) completing the intervention and follow-up measures. At follow-up, most participants thought the intervention was helpful (range: 85-100%) and acceptable (100% agreed 'I would recommend the program to others'). The mean dietary fat quality score improved by 0.5 units (95% CI: 0.0-1.1) and the mean fruit-vegetable servings/day improved by 0.7/day (95% CI: 0.1-1.3). CONCLUSION: Intervention engagement and acceptability were high and there was improvement in self-reported dietary behaviors. This type of Med-style dietary pattern intervention should be evaluated in randomized trials enrolling HAs at risk for CVD.
Dietary patterns are positively associated with semen quality.; OBJECTIVE: To study association of semen quality with a priori whole dietary pattern indexes, which reflect real-world dietary practices and the numerous combinations by which foods are consumed: Healthy Eating Index (HEI), Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), alternate Mediterranean Diet score (aMED), and Alternative Healthy Eating Index (AHEI). DESIGN: A cross-sectional single-center study. SETTING: Hospital fertility center and university. PATIENT(S): A total of 280 men attending fertility center from 2012 to 2015. INTERVENTION(S): Food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and semen and sperm analysis. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Food consumption with the use of FFQ and HEI, AHEI, aMED, DASH nutritional individual scoring indexes. Semen parameters, including semen volume, sperm concentration, motility, total count, and morphology. RESULT(S): Comparing the highest and lowest quartiles of the nutritional indexes, men in the highest quartiles of HEI, AHEI, aMed, and DASH indexes had significantly higher adjusted means of sperm concentration (by 10%, 45%, and 24% for HEI, AHEI, and DASH, respectively), normal sperm morphology (by 21% and 8% for AHEI and DASH, respectively), total sperm count (by 29% for AHEI), and sperm motility (by 6% and 11% for aMed and HEI, respectively). CONCLUSION(S): Adherence to any of the four dietary indexes is associated with better overall sperm quality, with AHEI best associated. Following our novel findings, we recommend using AHEI as a clinical and practical tool for public whole nutritional recommendation for semen quality.
Adherence to the Mediterranean diet of school-age children in Moroccan oases, Draa-Tafilalet Region.; BACKGROUND: Dietary patterns, eating behaviour and lifestyle are changing in Morocco. It would be interesting to identify and evaluate this transition in its Mediterranean context. AIMS: To assess adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) and analyse associated factors in school-age children living in oasis environments. METHODS: A cross-sectional survey was conducted among 3684 school-age children between May 2015 and November 2017 in Tafilalet Oasis. The mean age was 9.81 (2.13), 51.3% were girls, and 62.7% were from urban areas. Participants were recruited from public primary schools. Adherence to the MedDiet was evaluated by Mediterranean Diet Quality (KIDMED) index. Socioeconomic characteristics and anthropometric measurements were obtained. RESULTS: Only 2.12% had a poor KIDMED index, 57.9% had an average index and 39.98% had a high index. Maternal ethnicity was associated with degree of adherence to the MedDiet. Poor adherence was seen in 2.17% of urban participants compared with 2.04% of rural participants. Participants with high income were more likely to have good adherence to the MedDiet. Low levels of parental education were more likely to result in higher levels of poor adherence. There was no significant correlation between body weight and KIDMED index. CONCLUSIONS: Most of the study population had medium to good adherence to MedDiet, but low KIDMED index was observed. Interventions and strategies should be devised for preserving and promoting healthy eating habits in this target population.
Prepregnancy adherence to dietary patterns and lower risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies observed inverse associations of adherence to the alternate Mediterranean (aMED), Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), and alternate Healthy Eating Index (aHEI) dietary patterns with risk of type 2 diabetes; however, their associations with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk are unknown. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess usual prepregnancy adherence to well-known dietary patterns and GDM risk. DESIGN: Our study included 21,376 singleton live births reported from 15,254 participants of the Nurses' Health Study II cohort between 1991 and 2001. Pregnancies were free of prepregnancy chronic disease or previous GDM. Prepregnancy dietary pattern adherence scores were computed based on participants' usual intake of the patterns' components, assessed with a validated food-frequency questionnaire. Multivariable logistic regressions with generalized estimating equations were used to estimate the RRs and 95% CIs. RESULTS: Incident first-time GDM was reported in 872 pregnancies. All 3 scores were inversely associated with GDM risk after adjustment for several covariables. In a comparison of the multivariable risk of GDM in participants in the fourth and first quartiles of dietary pattern adherence scores, aMED was associated with a 24% lower risk (RR: 0.76; 95% CI: 0.60, 0.95; P-trend = 0.004), DASH with a 34% lower risk (RR: 0.66; 95% CI: 0.53, 0.82; P-trend = 0.0005), and aHEI with a 46% lower risk (RR: 0.54; 95% CI: 0.43, 0.68; P-trend < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: Prepregnancy adherence to healthful dietary patterns is significantly associated with a lower risk of GDM.
Associations of maternal lifestyle factors with inadequate pregnancy weight gain: findings from the baseline data of the LIMIT prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Gestational Weight Gain (GWG) impacts maternal and fetal health; deviations from optimal ranges pose health risks. Maternal lifestyle before and during pregnancy strongly influences GWG. This study explores factors linked to inadequate GWG, focusing on Mediterranean Diet (MD) adherence and specific food consumption. SUBJECTS/METHODS: 178 pregnant women were enrolled at Fondazione IRCCS Policlinico San Matteo (Pavia) during pre-hospital care before birth meeting inclusion/exclusion criteria. Sociodemographic data, pre-pregnancy BMI, GWG, MD adherence, physical activity (PA) levels, and smoking habits were retrospectively collected. Validated questionnaires adapted for the target group, assessed MD adherence and PA level. Participants were classified into adequate (AGWG) and inadequate GWG groups following IOM guidelines. RESULTS: Among 200 pregnant women (aged 30-36), 37.1% experienced low GWG and 24.1% excessive GWG. Our study revealed a significant association between inadequate GWG and educational level (P = 0.011); pre-pregnancy BMI (P = 0.005); MD adherence (P = 0.008), and daily average consumption of vegetables (P < 0.001). Our results also showed that a lower risk of EGWG vs. AGWG was associated with daily average consumption of vegetables (RRR = 0.279, P = 0.004), while a higher risk of EGWG vs. AGWG was associated with high daily meat product consumption (> 1.5 portions/day) (RRR = 7.83, P = 0.03). CONCLUSION: These findings emphasize the importance of promoting lifestyle changes before and during pregnancy to tackle the increasing incidence of inadequate GWG and improve the health outcomes of both mother and child.
[Review of nutrition and hydration in relation to physical exercise during pregnancy].; Studies on nutritional recommendations for pregnant women who exercise are scarce. The objective of this article is not to focus on the diet of pregnant women as a whole, but to review those aspects of it that may be related to physical exercise. To this end, the nutritional and hydration recommendations contained in the main clinical practice guides on physical exercise during pregnancy are collected, including the first Spanish guides. Likewise, the energy requirements required by pregnant women who perform physical exercise during pregnancy for adequate gestational weight gain are addressed, aspects related to macronutrients in the aforementioned population group, and two specific topics, such as nutritional needs in the adolescent who practices physical exercise during pregnancy and eating disorders in pregnant athletes It is concluded by stating that pregnant women who exercise regularly should eat a varied and balanced diet, such as the Mediterranean diet, avoid long periods of fasting to avoid the appearance of hypoglycemia and maintain adequate fluid intake before, during and after physical exercise. Pregnant adolescents who engage in physical exercise require nutritional supervision to achieve adequate gestational weight gain. The pregnant athlete with an eating disorder has a higher risk of complications during pregnancy and childbirth, gynecological, fetal and neonatal, and, therefore, requires close monitoring by specialists in maternal-fetal medicine.
Relationship between Fatty Acids Composition/Antioxidant Potential of Breast Milk and Maternal Diet: Comparison with Infant Formulas.; The fatty acid composition of human breast milk is relevant for the energy, immunity and eicosanoid production in infants. Additionally, the antioxidant properties of foods are essential for human health. Therefore, in the present study we aimed to investigate the relationship between maternal diet and fatty acids composition as well as the antioxidant potential of breast milk from donors to human milk bank of Perugia's hospital, Italy. Results were compared with infant formulas. We observed increased levels of total fatty acids and, in particular, saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids in milk from mothers fed on a vegetable and fruit-rich diet compared with a Mediterranean diet. In the same milk, a reduced antioxidant potential was found. All infant formulas resulted in richer total fatty acid content than human breast milk. Only some formulas were qualitatively similar to breast milk. Of note, the antioxidant potential of the formulas was higher or lower than the human milk with the exception of one sample. The antioxidant potential of four formulas was very high. Dietary supplementation with antioxidants has been shown to have a teratogenic effect and to increase the formation of metastases in adult. There are no data on the effects of excess antioxidants in the infants, but the possibility that they can be harmful cannot be excluded.
Adherence to the DASH and Mediterranean diets is associated with decreased risk for gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: Few studies have examined the association between adherence to the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) or Mediterranean (MED) diets and prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of the present study was to evaluate the association between the two diets and GDM. METHODS: In a case-control hospital-based study, pregnant women with (n = 200) and without (n = 260) GMD were recruited. An average of three 24-h dietary records were used to assess participants' dietary intakes. DASH scores were calculated based on the Fung method and MED scores were calculated using the Trichopoulou method. GDM was defined as fasting glucose >95 mg/dL or 1-h postprandial glucose >140 mg/dL for the first time in the pregnancy. The risk for GDM was assessed across tertiles of DASH and MED scores. RESULTS: DASH and MED diets were negatively related to fasting blood glucose, hemoglobin A1c, and serum triacylglycerol concentrations. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol was significantly higher for those in the top tertile of the DASH diet but not the MED diet in comparison with the lowest tertile. Total serum cholesterol level was lower in the third tertile of the MED diet but not in the DASH diet. Participants in the highest tertile of the MED diet had 80% lower risk for GDM compared with those in the lowest tertile (Ptrend = 0.006). Greater adherence to the DASH eating plan was associated with 71% reduced risk for GDM (Ptrend = 0.006) after adjustment for potential confounders. CONCLUSION: Adherence to either the DASH or Mediterranean diet is associated with decreased risk for GDM.
Mild cognitive impairment and dementia: the importance of modifiable risk factors.; BACKGROUND: Mild cognitive impairment (MCI), a common condition among the elderly, is defined as a deterioration of memory, attention, and cognitive function that exceeds what would be expected for the individual's age and level of education, yet does not interfere significantly with the activities of daily living. MCI may be a precursor of dementia; the rate of transition from MCI to dementia is 10% to 20% per year. The role of somatic diseases and modifiable risk factors in MCI and dementia needs further study. METHODS: We analyzed pertinent original articles and reviews published 1990 up to December 2010 that were retrieved by a selective search in PubMed and the Cochrane Library. RESULTS: MCI and dementia are associated with many somatic disorders and modifiable risk factors. MCI has biologically plausible associations with hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and hyperlipidemia, although the interventional trials performed to date have yielded negative results. Recently, chronic renal failure has also been recognized as a risk factor. Insufficient evidence supports a putative benefit on MCI from the substitution of vitamin B12, vitamin D, or testosterone (when these substances are deficient), the treatment of hyperhomocysteinemia or subclinical thyroid dysfunction, or hormone replacement therapy after menopause. Epidemiological data suggest that a Mediterranean diet, physical activity, and moderate alcohol consumption protect against MCI, while cigarette smoking promotes it and should be stopped. CONCLUSION: Modifiable risk factors for MCI should be sought (at the very latest) in persons who already have MCI, as their optimal treatment may improve these patients' cognitive performance or keep the existing deficits from progressing.
Healthful dietary patterns and long-term weight change among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Diet represents a key strategy for the prevention of obesity and type 2 diabetes among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), although effective dietary patterns to prevent weight gain in the long term are largely unknown. We sought to evaluate whether improvement in overall diet quality is associated with less long-term weight gain among high-risk women with prior GDM. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Women with a history of GDM (N=3397) were followed from 1991 to 2011, or until diagnosis of type 2 diabetes or other chronic disease. Usual diet was assessed via food frequency questionnaire every 4 years from which we calculated the Alternative Healthy Eating Index (aHEI-2010), Alternate Mediterranean Diet (AMED) and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) dietary pattern scores. Weight, lifestyle and health-related outcomes were self-reported every 2 years. We estimated the change in dietary score with change in body weight using linear regression models adjusting for age, baseline body mass index (BMI), baseline and simultaneous change in physical activity and smoking status and other risk factors. RESULTS: Women were followed up to 20 years, gaining an average 1.9 kg (s.d.=7.0) per 4-year period. Women in the highest quintile (Q5) of diet change (most improvement in quality) gained significantly less weight per 4-year period than the lowest quintile (Q1; decrease in quality), independent of other risk factors (4-year weight change, aHEI-2010: Q5=1.30 kg vs Q1=3.27 kg; AMED: Q5=0.94 kg vs Q1=2.56 kg, DASH: Q5=0.64 kg vs Q1=2.75 kg). Significant effect modification by BMI (p-interactions <0.001) indicated a greater magnitude of weight change among women with a higher baseline BMI for all three patterns. CONCLUSIONS: Increased diet quality was associated with less weight gain, independent of other lifestyle factors. Post-partum recommendations on diet quality may provide one strategy to prevent long-term weight gain in this high-risk group.
Effects of Mediterranean diet on semen parameters in healthy young adults: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Dietary regimens have so far been studied as possible determinants of semen quality and fertility. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of a Mediterranean diet, as compared with a low-fat diet, on seminal parameters of young healthy adults from southern Italy. METHODS: In a randomized controlled trial, 160 young adults aged 18-30 years were assigned to Mediterranean diet (N.=80) or a low-fat diet (N.=80). The primary outcome measures were changes in semen parameters after six months. RESULTS: Mean age of participants in the study was 24.7 years. There was no difference in baseline semen parameters of men randomized to Mediterranean diet or low-fat diet. After the entire follow-up, participants in both groups showed a significant increase in sperm concentration and sperm total count, with significant differences favoring the Mediterranean diet group (sperm concentration, 1.93 M/mL 95% CI [1.22 to 3.64], P=0.027; total sperm count 8.02 M 95% CI [1.51 to 15.45], P=0.035). No differences in other semen parameters were found between groups. CONCLUSIONS: In healthy young adults, the consumption of Mediterranean diet was associated with an improvement of both sperm concentration and total count, as compared with a low-fat diet.
Interplay Between Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet and Lipid Profile: A Comparative Survey Between Day-Time Healthcare and Non-healthcare Female Workers.; Introduction: Occupational physicians, as an aspect of the periodic health surveillance of workers prescribed by law, must develop preventive programs against adverse health-related occurrences (Legislative Decree 81/2008, art.25) to reduce major risk factors for non-communicable/chronic diseases. Eating habits play an important role in defining risk trajectories in the workplace. Methods: We randomly and cross-sectionally evaluated 147 females, of which 59 were healthcare workers (HCWs) and 88 were non-HCWs. The assessment included a dietary screening for adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) and a clinical baseline collection of major fluid biomarkers and anthropometric indicators for cardiovascular and metabolic risk. Results: The HCW group exhibited greater adherence to the MD than the non-HCW group. Nevertheless, they showed higher serum levels of triglycerides and total cholesterol. Menopause and type of work significantly and unfavorably affected triglyceride serum levels among HCWs. Conclusion: Greater preventive efforts are needed in the context of periodic health surveillance by occupational physicians. Disseminating additional information on a healthier lifestyle, particularly among female workers of perimenopausal age, is a key issue.
Validation of a pregnancy-adapted Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener (preg-MEDAS): a validation study nested in the Improving Mothers for a better PrenAtal Care Trial BarCeloNa (IMPACT BCN) trial.; BACKGROUND: Non-time-consuming and easy-to-administer dietary assessment tools specific for pregnancy are needed. OBJECTIVES: The aim of this validation study nested in the IMPACT BCN (Improving Mothers for a better PrenAtal Care Trial BarCeloNa) trial is to determine the concurrent validity of the 17-item pregnancy-adapted Mediterranean diet score (preg-MEDAS) and to analyze whether changes in the preg-MEDAS score were associated with maternal favorable dietary and cardiometabolic changes after 3 mo of intervention in pregnant women. METHODS: Dietary data was collected in 812 participants using the preg-MEDAS and a 151-item validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) at baseline (19-23 wk gestation) and final visit (31-34 wk gestation). Concurrent preg-MEDAS validity was evaluated by Pearson and intraclass correlation coefficients, κ statistic, and Bland-Altman methods. RESULTS: The preg-MEDAS had a good correlation with the FFQ (r = 0.76 and intraclass correlation coefficient 0.75). The agreement of each of the preg-MEDAS items ranged from 40.9% to 93.8% with a substantial agreement mean concordance (κ = 0.61). A 2-point increase in preg-MEDAS was associated with a decrease in maternal mean and systolic blood pressure (β: -0.51 mmHg; 95% confidence interval [CI]: -0.97, -0.04 mmHg and -0.87 mmHg; 95% CI: -1.48, -0.26 mmHg, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: The preg-MEDAS displays good validity for assessing adherence to the Mediterranean diet, allowing detection of dietary changes over time. In addition, changes observed in preg-MEDAS are significantly associated with a decrease in maternal blood pressure. Therefore, we propose preg-MEDAS as a rapid and simple dietary assessment tool during pregnancy. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03166332.
Pre-pregnancy adherences to empirically derived dietary patterns and gestational diabetes risk in a Mediterranean cohort: the Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra (SUN) project.; The aim of this study was to investigate the association between the adherence to empirically derived dietary patterns and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk and of healthy lifestyles with the prevention of GDM defining an overall healthy score. The Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra project is a Mediterranean cohort of university graduates started in 1999. We included 3455 pregnant women. During a mean follow-up of 10·3 (sd 3·3) years, we identified 173 incident GDM cases. Two major dietary patterns were identified using principal component analysis: the Western dietary pattern (WDP) (characterised by a high consumption of meat-based products and processed foods) and the Mediterranean dietary pattern (MDP) (characterised by a high consumption of vegetables, fruits, fish and non-processed foods). A low-risk score for GDM was defined taking into account important risk factors (age, BMI and unhealthy dietary pattern) for GDM. Positive association was found in the multivariable model between the highest quartile of adherence to WDP and GDM incidence compared with the lowest quartile (OR 1·56; 95 % CI 1·00, 2·43). No association was found between adherence to the MDP and GDM incidence (OR 1·08; 95 % CI 0·68, 1·70 for the highest quartile compared with the lowest). Women who adhered to all three low-risk factors had a 76 % lower risk of GDM (OR 0·24; 95 % CI 0·10, 0·55) compared with women who did not adhere to any factor before pregnancy. In conclusion, our results reinforce the importance of dietary recommendations and other two factors (low BMI and young age at pregnancy) in pre-gravid women.
A Priori Dietary Patterns, Physical Activity Level, and Body Composition in Postmenopausal Women: A Cross-Sectional Study.; Midlife weight gain and fat distribution changes increase the risk of age-related pathologies. We aimed to explore, in a series of 388 healthy postmenopausal women living in Tuscany, Central Italy, the relationship between three a priori dietary patterns, the level of physical activity (PA), and four body composition measures: body mass index (BMI), percent fat mass (%FM), percent muscle mass (%MM), and waist circumference (WC). Detailed information on lifestyle, including the amount of recreational and household PA, sitting time, and dietary habits were collected through detailed questionnaires, and adherence scores to Greek Modified Mediterranean Diet, Italian Mediterranean Diet (IMD), and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet were calculated. The %FM and %MM were estimated via TANITA MC-780MA analyzer. WC and BMI were measured according to standard international protocols. Cross-sectional adjusted regression models showed that increasing adherence to IMD was inversely associated with BMI, %FM, and WC, and directly associated with %MM. Higher levels of recreational PA were associated with lower %FM, BMI, and WC and with higher %MM values. Higher levels of sitting time were associated with higher %FM, BMI, and WC, and lower %MM. Dietary habits and moderate PA confirm their central role in maintaining good health even in menopausal women.
[First-line management of infertile couple. Guidelines for clinical practice of the French College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists 2022].; OBJECTIVE: To update the 2010 CNGOF clinical practice guidelines for the first-line management of infertile couples. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Five major themes (first-line assessment of the infertile woman, first-line assessment of the infertile man, prevention of exposure to environmental factors, initial management using ovulation induction regimens, first-line reproductive surgery) were identified, enabling 28 questions to be formulated using the Patients, Intervention, Comparison, Outcome (PICO) format. Each question was addressed by a working group that had carried out a systematic review of the literature since 2010, and followed the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE®) methodology to assess the quality of the scientific data on which the recommendations were based. These recommendations were then validated during a national review by 40 national experts. RESULTS: The fertility work-up is recommended to be prescribed according to the woman's age: after one year of infertility before the age of 35 and after 6months after the age of 35. A couple's initial infertility work-up includes a single 3D ultrasound scan with antral follicle count, assessment of tubal permeability by hysterography or HyFOSy, anti-Mullerian hormone assay prior to assisted reproduction, and vaginal swabbing for vaginosis. If the 3D ultrasound is normal, hysterosonography and diagnostic hysteroscopy are not recommended as first-line procedures. Chlamydia trachomatis serology does not have the necessary performance to predict tubal patency. Post-coital testing is no longer recommended. In men, spermogram, spermocytogram and spermoculture are recommended as first-line tests. If the spermogram is normal, it is not recommended to check the spermogram. If the spermogram is abnormal, an examination by an andrologist, an ultrasound scan of the testicles and hormonal test are recommended. Based on the data in the literature, we are unable to recommend a BMI threshold for women that would contraindicate medical management of infertility. A well-balanced Mediterranean-style diet, physical activity and the cessation of smoking and cannabis are recommended for infertile couples. For fertility concern, it is recommended to limit alcohol consumption to less than 5 glasses a week. If the infertility work-up reveals no abnormalities, ovulation induction is not recommended for normo-ovulatory women. If intrauterine insemination is indicated based on an abnormal infertility work-up, gonadotropin stimulation and ovulation monitoring are recommended to avoid multiple pregnancies. If the infertility work-up reveals no abnormality, laparoscopy is probably recommended before the age of 30 to increase natural pregnancy rates. In the case of hydrosalpinx, surgical management is recommended prior to ART, with either salpingotomy or salpingectomy depending on the tubal score. It is recommended to operate on polyps>10mm, myomas 0, 1, 2 and synechiae prior to ART. The data in the literature do not allow us to systematically recommend asymptomatic uterine septa and isthmoceles as first-line surgery. CONCLUSION: Based on strong agreement between experts, we have been able to formulate updated recommendations in 28 areas concerning the initial management of infertile couples.
The Mediterranean diet adherence by pregnant women delivering prematurely: association with size at birth and complications of prematurity.; Background: The Mediterranean diet (MD) is associated with decreased risk of metabolic syndrome and gestational diabetes due to the anti-inflammatory and antioxidative properties of its components. The aim was to investigate the potential association of MD adherence (MDA) during pregnancy by mothers delivering prematurely, with intrauterine growth as expressed by neonates' anthropometry at birth and complications of prematurity. Participants and methods: This is a single-center, prospective, observational cohort study of 82 women who delivered preterm singletons at post conceptional age (PCA) ≤ 34 weeks and their live-born neonates. Maternal and neonatal demographic and clinical data were recorded. All mothers filled in a food frequency questionnaire, and the MDA score was calculated. Based on 50th centile of MD score, participants were classified into high-MDA and low-MDA groups. Results: The low-MDA mothers had significantly higher pregestational BMI and rates of overweight/obesity (odd ratios (OR) 3.5) and gestational hypertension/preeclampsia (OR 3.8). Neonates in the low-MDA group had significantly higher incidence of intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) (OR 3.3) and lower z-scores of birth weight and BMI. Regarding prematurity-related complications, the low MDA-group was more likely to develop necrotizing enterocolitis, bronchopulmonary dysplasia, and retinopathy of prematurity (OR 3.2, 1.3, and 1.6, respectively), while they were less likely to develop respiratory distress syndrome (OR 0.49), although the differences were not statistically significant. However, adjustment for confounders revealed MDA as a significant independent predictor of hypertension/preeclampsia, IUGR, birth weight z-score, necrotizing enterocolitis, and bronchopulmonary dysplasia. Conclusions: High MDA during pregnancy may favorably affect intrauterine growth and certain acute and chronic complications of prematurity as well as maternal hypertension/preeclampsia.
Dietary Intakes of Vitamin B-2 (Riboflavin), Vitamin B-6, and Vitamin B-12 and Ovarian Cycle Function among Premenopausal Women.; BACKGROUND: Riboflavin, vitamin B-6, and vitamin B-12 are key players in one-carbon metabolism as enzymatic cofactors, and deficiency of these nutrients may influence reproductive outcomes possibly through affecting reproductive hormones. OBJECTIVE: The goal was to investigate associations between dietary intakes of riboflavin, vitamin B-6, and vitamin B-12, and menstrual function among premenopausal women. DESIGN: This was a secondary analysis of a prospective cohort study conducted at the University at Buffalo during 2005 to 2007. PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: Participants were 259 healthy, regularly menstruating women (aged 18 to 44 years) with self-reported menstrual cycles between 21 and 35 days, who were not trying to conceive, and who had not used hormonal contraception during the past 3 months. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Intakes of B vitamins were assessed via 24-hour dietary recalls four times per menstrual cycle for two cycles. Serum reproductive hormones and plasma homocysteine were measured eight and three times, respectively, per cycle for two cycles. Anovulatory cycles were determined by progesterone concentrations ≤5 ng/mL (15.9 nmol/L) and no observed serum luteinizing hormone peak during the mid or late luteal phase visit. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: Weighted linear mixed regressions were used to evaluate associations between cycle-averaged B vitamin intakes and hormones and homocysteine, and generalized linear regressions for associations with anovulation. Models were adjusted for age, race, body mass index, physical activity, alternate Mediterranean diet score, intakes of total energy, protein, fiber, and folate, and percentage of energy intake from fat. RESULTS: Higher intakes of riboflavin (per 0.1 mg increase in intake) were inversely correlated with estradiol (-0.87%, 95% CI -1.67 to -0.06) and homocysteine levels (-0.61%, 95% CI -1.10 to -0.12). Higher vitamin B-6 intakes were suggestive of higher follicle-stimulating hormone, although the results were not statistically significant (0.63% difference, 95% CI -0.03 to 1.29, per 0.1 mg increase in intake; P=0.06). Small increases in testosterone and decreases in homocysteine were found with vitamin B-12 intake. No associations were observed between intake of B vitamins and a risk of sporadic anovulation. CONCLUSIONS: Higher intakes of riboflavin were associated with a small decrease in serum estradiol among healthy, regularly menstruating women. Higher intakes of riboflavin and vitamin B-12 were associated with lower plasma homocysteine concentrations. Overall, riboflavin, vitamin B-6, and vitamin B-12 that are one-carbon nutrients do not appear to influence the ovarian cycle among premenopausal women.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus in women with polycystic ovary syndrome during a 24-year period: importance of obesity and abdominal fat distribution.; STUDY QUESTION: What are the predictive factors for later development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)? SUMMARY ANSWER: Obesity and abdominal fat distribution in women with PCOS in the mid-fertile years were the major risk factors for T2DM development 24 years later when lifestyle factors were similar to controls. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Women with PCOS have an increased prevalence of T2DM. STUDY DESIGN SIZE DURATION: A longitudinal and cross-sectional study was performed. Women with PCOS were examined in 1992 and in 2016. Randomly selected, age-matched women from the general population served as controls. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS SETTING METHODS: Women with PCOS (n = 27), attending an outpatient clinical at a tertiary care centre for infertility or hirsutism were diagnosed in 1992 (mean age 30 years) and re-examined in 2016 (mean age 52 years). Women from the World Health Organization MONItoring of trends and determinants for CArdiovascular disease (WHO MONICA-GOT) 2008, aged 38-68 years, served as controls (n = 94), and they were previously examined in 1995. At both at baseline and at follow-up, women had blood samples taken, underwent a clinical examination and completed structured questionnaires, and the women with PCOS also underwent a glucose clamp test at baseline. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: None of women with PCOS had T2DM at baseline. At the 24-year follow-up, 19% of women with PCOS had T2DM versus 1% of controls (P < 0.01). All women with PCOS who developed T2DM were obese and had waist-hip ratio (WHR) >0.85 at baseline. No difference was seen between women with PCOS and controls regarding use of high-fat diet, Mediterranean diet or amount of physical activity at follow-up at peri/postmenopausal age. However, women with PCOS had a lower usage of a high-sugar diet as compared to controls (P = 0.01). The mean increases in BMI and WHR per year were similar in women with PCOS and controls during the follow-up period. LIMITATIONS REASONS FOR CAUTION: The small sample size of women with PCOS and the fact that they were recruited due to infertility or hirsutism make generalization to women with milder forms of PCOS uncertain. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Obesity and abdominal fat distribution, but not hyperandrogenism per se, in women with PCOS in the mid-fertile years were the major risk factors for T2DM development 24 years later when peri/postmenopausal. Lifestyle factors were similar to controls at that time. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTERESTS: The study was financed by grants from the Swedish state under the agreement between the Swedish government and the country councils, the ALF-agreement (ALFGBG-718611), the Gothenburg Medical Association GLS 694291 and 780821, the Swedish Heart Lung Foundation and Hjalmar Svensson Foundation. The authors have no conflict of interest.
Association between Diet Quality Scores and Risk of Hip Fracture in Postmenopausal Women and Men Aged 50 Years and Older.; BACKGROUND: Although a number of studies showed a lower risk of hip fractures with high-quality diets, few of them were conducted in the United States. OBJECTIVE: This prospective analysis examined the association between several diet quality indexes and risk of hip fractures in US men and women. DESIGN: This is a prospective cohort study. PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: The participants were 74,446 postmenopausal women from the Nurses' Health Study and 36,602 men aged 50 years and older from the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study in the United States. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Hip fractures were self-reported on biennial questionnaires between 1980-2012 in women, and between 1986-2012 in men. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: Diet was assessed every 4 years with a validated food frequency questionnaire. Relative risks were computed for hip fracture by quintiles of the Alternate Mediterranean Diet score (aMed), the Alternate Healthy Eating Index-2010 (AHEI-2010), and the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension score using Cox proportional hazards models, adjusting for potential confounders. RESULTS: Two thousand one hundred forty-three incident hip fractures in women and 603 in men were reported during follow-up. A significant inverse trend was observed with the cumulative AHEI-2010 score in women (relative risk comparing extreme quintiles 0.87, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.00; P for trend=0.02). There was also a suggestion of an inverse association with the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension score (P for trend=0.03). In addition, significant inverse trends were observed between all three diet quality scores and hip fractures in women younger than age 75 years but not older women. There was no clear association between diet quality indexes and hip fracture in men. CONCLUSIONS: Higher AHEI-2010 scores were associated with a lower risk of hip fractures in US women. The inverse associations with diet quality may be more apparent among those younger than age 75 years.
Associations of adherence to the DASH diet and Mediterranean diet with maternal c-reactive protein levels during pregnancy.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Elevated C-reactive protein (CRP) during pregnancy, a marker of inflammation, is associated with adverse outcomes. Better understanding the relationship between CRP and modifiable factors, including diet, is essential to assist early pregnancy lifestyle interventions. The aim of this study was to assess the relationship between adherence to the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet (DASH-diet) and the Mediterranean diet (MED-diet) during pregnancy with maternal plasma CRP in early and late pregnancy. METHODS AND RESULTS: Secondary analysis of the Creatine and Pregnancy Outcomes (CPO) study was undertaken. Women (n = 215) attending antenatal clinics through Monash Health, Melbourne were recruited at 10-20 weeks gestation. Medical history and blood samples were collected at 5 antenatal visits. Adapted DASH-diet and MED-diet scores were calculated from Food Frequency Questionnaires completed at early ([mean ± SD]) (15 ± 3 weeks) and late (36 ± 1 week) pregnancy. CRP was measured in maternal plasma samples collected at the same time points. Adjusted linear regression models assessed associations of early-pregnancy DASH and MED-diet scores with early and late pregnancy plasma CRP. There were no statistically significant changes in DASH-diet score from early (23.5 ± 4.8) to late (23.5 ± 5.2) pregnancy (p = 0.97) or MED-diet score from early (3.99 ± 1.6) to late pregnancy (4.08 ± 1.8) (p = 0.41). At early-pregnancy, there was an inverse relationship between DASH-diet scores and MED-diet scores with plasma CRP; (β = -0.04 [95%CI = -0.07, -0.00], p = 0.044), (β = -0.12 [95%CI = -0.21, -0.02], p = 0.023). CONCLUSION: Adherence to the DASH-diet and MED-diet during early pregnancy may be beneficial in reducing inflammation. Assessment of maternal dietary patterns may assist development of preventive strategies, including dietary modification, to optimise maternal cardiometabolic health in pregnancy.
Epigenetic approach in obesity: DNA methylation in a prepubertal population which underwent a lifestyle modification.; BACKGROUND: Metabolically healthy obesity (MHO) is a considerably controversial concept as it is considered a transitory condition towards the development of different pathologies (type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance, or cardiovascular disease). MHO is closely related to lifestyle and environmental factors. Epigenetics has become an essential biological tool to analyze the link between obesity and metabolic status. The aim of this study was to determine whether MHO status is conditioned by the DNA methylation (DNAm) of several genes related to lipid metabolism (lipoprotein lipase, retinoid X receptor alpha, liver X receptor, stearoyl-CoA desaturase, sterol regulatory element binding factor 1), and inflammation (LEP) in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from 131 prepubertal subjects with MHO phenotype after lifestyle modifications with personalized Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) combined with a physical activity (PA) program. RESULTS: The DNAm of all studied genes were significantly modified in the population after 12 months of lifestyle modifications (MedDiet and PA). In addition, associations were found between the DNAm studies and BMI, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, monounsaturated fatty acid and polyunsaturated fatty acid, moderate-vigorous PA, fat mass, and adherence to MedDiet. CONCLUSIONS: It was found that DNAm of genes related to lipid metabolism and inflammation are also present in childhood and that this methylation profile can be modified by interventions based on MedDiet and PA.
The effect of diet quality on physiological and life-history traits in the harvestman Pachylus paessleri.; The balance between energy acquisition and expenditure is critical to the survival and reproductive success of animals. Here we investigate the long-term effects of diet quality on physiological and life-history flexibility in the harvestman, Pachylus paessleri. We used cow meal as a protein-rich diet and potatoes as a carbohydrate-rich diet in order to reproduce two extreme conditions regarding food quality in harvestmen natural habitat. As proxy variables of the energy expenditure process, we quantified standard metabolic rate (maintenance), changes in body mass (somatic condition), and fecundity (reproduction). We found that animals consuming the protein-rich diet were able to increase both their body condition and fecundity. However, the increment in these two life-history traits was correlated with higher maintenance costs. In contrast, the carbohydrate-rich diet did not provide enough specific nutrients for reproductive events, although it may have allowed animals to survive for a long time. Thus, according to the quality of the diet available in the environment, harvestman females can adopt different life-history strategies correlated with phenotypic adjustments at anatomical and physiological levels. In the Mediterranean region, spatial and temporal changes in food quality are typical, so greater phenotypic flexibility is expected to cope with this kind of environmental variation.
Biologic and quality-of-life outcomes from the Mediterranean Lifestyle Program: a randomized clinical trial.; OBJECTIVE: Few multiple lifestyle behavior change programs have been designed to reduce the risk of coronary heart disease in postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes. This study tested the effectiveness of the Mediterranean Lifestyle Program (MLP), a comprehensive lifestyle self-management program (Mediterranean low-saturated fat diet, stress management training, exercise, group support, and smoking cessation), in reducing cardiovascular risk factors in postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes (n = 279) were randomized to either usual care (control) or treatment (MLP) conditions. MLP participants took part in an initial 3-day retreat, followed by 6 months of weekly meetings, to learn and practice program components. Biological end points were changes in HbA(1c), lipid profiles, BMI, blood pressure, plasma fatty acids, and flexibility. Impact on quality of life was assessed. RESULTS: Multivariate ANCOVAs revealed significantly greater improvements in the MLP condition compared with the usual care group on HbA(1c), BMI, plasma fatty acids, and quality of life at the 6-month follow-up. Patterns favoring intervention were seen in lipids, blood pressure, and flexibility but did not reach statistical significance. CONCLUSIONS: These results demonstrate that postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes can make comprehensive lifestyle changes that may lead to clinically significant improvements in glycemic control, some coronary heart disease risk factors, and quality of life.
Association between dental caries and adherence to the Mediterranean diet, dietary intake, and body mass index in children.; BACKGROUND: Children with healthier nutritional status are less likely to develop severe caries than those with a high-sugar content diet. Studies evaluating dental caries and nutritional status in school-age children have generally focused on dietary intake, diet quality, or anthropometric measures, and the number of studies evaluating them together is limited. OBJECTIVE: It was aimed to evaluate the relationship between dental caries adherence to the Mediterranean Diet (MD), dietary intake, and Body Mass Index (BMI) in school-age children. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This study was conducted with 300 healthy children (52.0% boys, 48.0% girls) aged between 6 and 12 years. The data collection forms included sociodemographic characteristics, oral health practices of children, Mediterranean Diet Quality Index for children and adolescents (KIDMED), and food consumption records. Anthropometric measurements (body weight and height) of the children were taken. Dental examinations were performed by a pediatric dentist. RESULTS: While the DMFT mean score of the children was 1.7 ± 2.09, the mean dft score was 2.9 ± 3.29. The mean of KIDMED scores was 5.9 ± 3.32. DMFT and dft scores decreased statistically as maternal education increased (p < 0.05). DMFT and dft scores were not statistically different between BMI groups according to gender and age (p > 0.05). DMFT scores differed statistically between KIDMED groups (p < 0.05). This difference was between low-optimal and low-improvement-needed groups. While there was a low negative correlation (r=-0.169) between calcium intake and DMFT score, a low positive correlation was found between glucose (r = 0.172) and fructose (r = 0.149) intake and dft score (p < 0.05). In regression analysis, while the children's age related DMFT scores positively, maternal education and KIDMED scores related DMFT scores negatively. Also, children's age and maternal education related dft scores negatively. CONCLUSION: In this study, adherence to the MD rather than nutrients was found to be important in dental caries. Also maternal education level was also found to be a determinant factor in dental caries in children. DMFT and dft did not differ between BMI groups.Further studies should be conducted to assess the impact of the MD on dental caries in children to develop dietary interventions for preventative purposes.
Adherence to the Mediterranean diet and body fat distribution in reproductive aged women.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD), high in fruits, vegetables and monounsaturated fats, has been associated with lower body mass index. Associations with measured body fat, including regional adiposity, have not been previously investigated. We examined the associations between the alternate Mediterranean diet score (aMED), anthropometry and measured adiposity by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DXA). SUBJECTS/METHODS: This study included 248 healthy females, aged 18-44 years from the BioCycle Study. Each woman's aMED (range 0-9) was calculated from up to eight 24-h dietary recalls over 1-2 menstrual cycles (>97% had ≥ 7 recalls). Multiple linear regression was used to determine whether aMED and its specific components were associated with total and regional adiposity after adjusting for age, race, education, physical activity and energy intake. RESULTS: Participants had an average (s.d.) aMED of 4.2 (1.7) and percent body fat of 29.5 (6.0)%. Significant inverse associations were found between aMED and all the examined adiposity measures except waist-to-hip ratio. Among the DXA measures, a 1-unit increment in aMED was associated with a 0.06 (95% confidence interval (CI): -0.09, -0.02) lower trunk-to-leg fat ratio (T/L), a measure of upper to lower body fat. In an analysis examining T/L as an outcome with the separate components of the aMED, T/L was lower with increased legume consumption (β=-0.280, 95% CI: -0.550, -0.010) but was higher with increased consumption of red and processed meat (β=0.060, 95% CI: 0.002, 0.117). CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to the aMED was associated with lower total and regional adiposity, adding to the mounting evidence of the health benefits of the MD.
[Influence of adherence to a mediterranean diet and nutritional status on ovarian reserve].; OBJECTIVE: Currently, esterility affects between 15% and 20% of couples of fertile age. Female reproductive success is mainly determined by age and ovarian reserve (OR). Recent studies highlight the influence of modifiable factors such as dietary habits and nutritional status on OR. In this regard, the Mediterranean Diet (MD) is postulated as a standard of healthy eating. Therefore, the objective of this paper was to analyze the influence of adherence to DM and nutritional status on the OR of infertile women. METHODS: A descriptive cross-sectional study was carried out, lasting one year, between February 2022 and February 2023, in a sample of forty-five female patients who attended the Gynaecology-Esterility consultation at the Marina Salud Hospital in Denia (Spain) due to genital desire older than one year. An exploratory descriptive analysis based on univariate statistics was performed. RESULTS: The mean age of the sample (n=45) was 31.84 (±3.99) years, with an average BMI of 26.27 (±6.08) kg/m2, with 44.4% (n=20) having excess body weight. The RO was measured based on AMH, with an average value of 2.32 (±1.59) ng/ml and RFA, with an average of 19.80 (±14.13) antral follicles. A statistically significant association was found between low adherence to DM and lower anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH; p=0.025) levels. In addition, an association was found between low consumption of vegetables (p=0.044), excessive consumption of red meat (p=0.027) and carbonated beverages (p=0.015) with insufficient AMH levels, indicative of low OR. Low fruit consumption was also found to be associated with low oestradiol levels (p=0.045). Statistically significant associations were also found reflecting the influence of nutritional status on OR. CONCLUSIONS: One of the main factors conditioning the success of ART (assisted reproductive technology) is the woman's OR. The most widely used parameter to assess OR is AMH. Lifestyle and diet are modifiable factors that can influence OR. High adherence to DM and consumption of vegetables is associated with higher levels of AMH; however, high intake of red meat and carbonated beverages is associated with lower levels. Nutritional status, adherence to DM and dietary habits influence the status of OR, so it would be advisable to promote programmes to improve the population's diet in order to improve reproductive health.
Circadian Gene Variants: Effects in Overweight and Obese Pregnant Women.; Obesity and overweight are common and complex conditions influenced by multiple genetic and environmental factors. Several genetic variants located in the genes involved in clock systems and fat taste perception can affect metabolic health. In particular, the polymorphisms in CLOCK and BMAL1 genes were reported to be significantly related to cardiovascular disease, metabolic syndrome, sleep reduction, and evening preference. Moreover, genetic variants in the CD36 gene have been shown to be involved in lipid metabolism, regulation of fat intake, and body weight regulation. The aim of this study is to evaluate, for the first time, the association between variants in some candidate genes (namely, BMAL1 rs7950226 (G>A), CLOCK rs1801260 (A>G), CLOCK rs4864548 (G>A), CLOCK rs3736544 (G>A), CD36 rs1984112 (A>G), CD36 rs1761667 (G>A)) and overweight/obesity (OB) in pregnant women. A total of 163 normal-weight (NW) and 128 OB participants were included. A significant correlation was observed between A-allele in CLOCK rs4864548 and an increased risk of obesity (OR: 1.97; 95% CI 1.22-3.10, p = 0.005). In addition, we found that subjects carrying the haplotype of rs1801260-A, rs4864548-A, and rs3736544-G are likely to be overweight or obese (OR 1.47, 95% CI 1.03-2.09, p = 0.030), compared with those with other haplotypes. Moreover, a significant relation was observed between third-trimester lipid parameters and genetic variants-namely, CD36 rs1984112, CD36 rs1761667, BMAL1 rs7950226, and CLOCK rs1801260. A multivariate logistic regression model revealed that CLOCK rs4864548 A-allele carriage was a strong risk factor for obesity (OR 2.05, 95% CI 1.07-3.93, p = 0.029); on the other hand, greater adherence to Mediterranean diet (OR 0.80, 95% CI 0.65-0.98, p = 0.038) and higher HDL levels (OR 0.96, 95% CI 0.94-0.99, p = 0.021) were related to a reduced risk of obesity. Interestingly, an association between maternal CLOCK rs4864548 and neonatal birthweight was detected (p = 0.025). These data suggest a potential role of the polymorphisms in clock systems and in fat taste perception in both susceptibility to overweight/obesity and influencing the related metabolic traits in pregnant women.
The Effect of Weight Loss on the Muscle Proteome in the Damara, Dorper and Australian Merino Ovine Breeds.; Seasonal Weight Loss (SWL) is an important constraint, limiting animal production in the Tropics and the Mediterranean. As a result, the study of physiological and biochemical mechanisms by which domestic animal breeds respond to SWL is important to those interested in animal breeding and the improvement thereof. To that end, the study of the proteome has been instrumental in gathering important information on physiological mechanisms, including those underlying SWL. In spite of that, little information is available concerning physiological mechanisms of SWL in production animals. The objective of this study was to determine differential protein expression in the muscle of three different breeds of sheep, the Australian Merino, the Dorper and the Damara, each showing different levels of tolerance to weight loss (low, medium and high, respectively). Per breed, two experimental groups were established, one labeled "Growth" and the other labeled "Restricted." After forty-two days of dietary treatment, all animals were euthanized. Muscle samples were then taken. Total protein was extracted from the muscle, then quantified and two-dimensional gel electrophoresis were conducted using 24 cm pH 3-10 immobiline dry strips and colloidal coomassie staining. Gels were analyzed using Samespots® software and spots of interest were in-gel digested with trypsin. The isolated proteins were identified using MALDI-TOF/TOF. Results indicated relevant differences between breeds; several proteins are suggested as putative biomarkers of tolerance to weight loss: Desmin, Troponin T, Phosphoglucomutase and the Histidine Triad nucleotide-binding protein 1. This information is of relevance to and of possible use in selection programs aiming towards ruminant animal production in regions prone to droughts and weight loss.
Effect of a Mediterranean diet during pregnancy on fetal growth and preterm delivery: results from a French Caribbean Mother-Child Cohort Study (TIMOUN).; BACKGROUND: Recent studies suggest that a Mediterranean dietary pattern during pregnancy may influence pregnancy outcomes. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of adherence to a Mediterranean diet (MD) during pregnancy on fetal growth restriction (FGR) and preterm delivery (PTD) in a French Caribbean island where the population is largely of African descent and presents dietary patterns similar to MD. METHODS: Using data from the TIMOUN Mother-Child Cohort Study conducted in Guadeloupe (French West Indies) between 2004 and 2007, we analysed data for 728 pregnant women who delivered liveborn singletons without any major congenital malformations. Degree of adherence to MD during pregnancy was evaluated with a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire based on nine dietary criteria. Multiple logistic regression models were used to analyse birth outcomes while taking potential confounders into account. RESULTS: Overall there was no association between MD adherence during pregnancy and the risk of PTD or FGR. However, pre-pregnancy body mass index was a strong effect modifier, and MD adherence was associated with a decreased risk of PTD specifically in overweight and obese women (adjusted odds ratio 0.7, 95% confidence interval 0.6, 0.9) (P heterogeneity <0.01). CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that Caribbean diet during pregnancy may carry some benefits of MD and may contribute to reduce the risk of PTD in overweight and obese pregnant women.
Major proteins in goat milk: an updated overview on genetic variability.; Milk and dairy products are very important in Mediterranean diet because of their health promoting and organoleptic properties. In many developing countries, goat rearing has a key role in livestock production. What makes goats so popular is their ability to provide high quality food under diverse climatic conditions and resilience to extreme and capricious environments. In the last years, the interest concerning caprine milk has been increasing also to find a new exploitation for local breeds. To promote the goat dairy products there is a clear need to know the quality and the technological aspects of milk produced. That being so, the purpose of this study was to review the available literature on the major goat milk proteins with a particular attention to recent findings on their genetic variability. Moreover, the main effects of different protein variants on milk yield and composition were also discussed.
Consumption of fat-free dairy products is not associated with a lower risk of maternofetal adverse events.; BACKGROUND: The consumption of dairy products in pregnancy is widely extended. However, whether the consumption of low or high fat dairy produce is more beneficial for maternofetal health has yet to be established. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This prospective cohort study evaluated the effect of consumption of dairy products during pregnancy on the frequency of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and a composite of adverse maternofetal outcomes (CMFO). Pregnant women receiving obstetric care between 2014 and 2017 were eligible. Those who consumed ≥3 servings/day of dairy products at 24-28 gestational weeks (GWs) were included and analyzed (n=2004). The population was stratified into three groups according to intake of fat-free dairy products-skimmed milk and fat-free yoghurt and cheese-(days/week): infrequent (1-2), average (3-6) and regular (7). Logistic regression analysis compared ORs (95% CI) for GDM and CMFO between the three groups (where the group of reference was the 'infrequent' intake group). RESULTS: After adjusting for confounding factors, no significant associations were found between the degree of consumption of fat-free dairy products and the risk of GDM and a CMFO. Moreover, when categorized by the degree of adherence to the Mediterranean diet (above or below the median score), associations were found between the 'regular' intake group and an increased risk of having a CMFO in women with a high adherence to the Mediterranean diet (OR: 1.50; 95% CI: 1.01 to 2.22; p<0.05). Weight gain during pregnancy did not differ among groups. CONCLUSIONS: The consumption of fat-free dairy products during pregnancy does not seem to be beneficial for maternofetal health.
Diabetes mellitus and abnormal glucose tolerance development after gestational diabetes: A three-year, prospective, randomized, clinical-based, Mediterranean lifestyle interventional study with parallel groups.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a high risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) in later life. The study aim was to evaluate the efficacy of a lifestyle intervention for the prevention of glucose disorders (impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance or DM2) in women with prior GDM. METHODS: A total of 260 women with prior GDM who presented with normal fasting plasma glucose at six to twelve weeks postpartum were randomized into two groups: a Mediterranean lifestyle intervention group (n = 130) who underwent an educational program on nutrition and a monitored physical activity program and a control group (n = 130) with a conventional follow-up. A total of 237 women completed the three-year follow-up (126 in the intervention group and 111 in the control group). Their glucose disorders rates, clinical and metabolic changes and rates of adherence to the Mediterranean lifestyle were analyzed. RESULTS: Less women in the intervention group (42.8%) developed glucose disorders at the end of the three-year follow-up period compared with the control group (56.75%), p < 0.05. The multivariate analysis indicated a reduction in the rate of glucose disorders with a BMI of less than 27 kg/m(2) (OR 0.28; 0.12-0.65; p < 0.003), low fat intake pattern (OR 0.30; 0.13-0.70; p < 0.005), low saturated fat pattern (OR 0.30; 0.13-0.69; p < 0.005) and healthy fat pattern (OR 0.34; 0.12-0.94; p < 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Lifestyle intervention was effective for the prevention of glucose disorders in women with prior GDM. Body weight gain and an unhealthy fat intake pattern were found to be the most predictive factors for the development of glucose disorders. Current Controlled trials: ISRCTN24165302. http://www.controlled-trials.com/isrctn/pf/24165302.
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension, Mediterranean, and Alternative Healthy Eating indices are associated with bone health among Puerto Rican adults from the Boston Puerto Rican Osteoporosis Study.; BACKGROUND: Conflicting results on associations between dietary quality and bone have been noted across populations, and this has been understudied in Puerto Ricans, a population at higher risk of osteoporosis than previously appreciated. OBJECTIVE: To compare cross-sectional associations between 3 dietary quality indices [Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), Alternative Health Eating Index (AHEI-2010), and Mediterranean Diet Score (MeDS)] with bone outcomes. METHOD: Participants (n = 865-896) from the Boston Puerto Rican Osteoporosis Study (BPROS) with complete bone and dietary data were included. Indices were calculated from validated food frequency data. Bone mineral density (BMD) was measured using DXA. Associations between dietary indices (z-scores) and their individual components with BMD and osteoporosis were tested with ANCOVA and logistic regression, respectively, at the lumbar spine and femoral neck, stratified by male, premenopausal women, and postmenopausal women. RESULTS: Participants were 59.9 y ± 7.6 y and mostly female (71%). Among postmenopausal women not taking estrogen, DASH (score: 11-38) was associated with higher trochanter (0.026 ± 0.006 g/cm2, P <0.001), femoral neck (0.022 ± 0.006 g/cm2, P <0.001), total hip (0.029 ± 0.006 g/cm2, P <0.001), and lumbar spine BMD (0.025 ± 0.007 g/cm2, P = 0.001). AHEI (score: 25-86) was also associated with spine and all hip sites (P <0.02), whereas MeDS (0-9) was associated only with total hip (P = 0.01) and trochanter BMD (P = 0.007) in postmenopausal women. All indices were associated with a lower likelihood of osteoporosis (OR from 0.54 to 0.75). None of the results were significant for men or premenopausal women. CONCLUSIONS: Although all appeared protective, DASH was more positively associated with BMD than AHEI or MeDS in postmenopausal women not taking estrogen. Methodological differences across scores suggest that a bone-specific index that builds on existing indices and that can be used to address dietary differences across cultural and ethnic minority populations should be considered.
Medical nutrition therapy for gestational diabetes mellitus based on Mediterranean Diet principles: a subanalysis of the St Carlos GDM Prevention Study.; OBJECTIVES: To assess whether Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet)-based medical nutrition therapy facilitates near-normoglycemia in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDMw) and observe the effects on adverse pregnancy outcomes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This is a secondary analysis of the St Carlos GDM Prevention Study, conducted between January and December 2015 in Hospital Clínico San Carlos (Madrid, Spain). One thousand consecutive women with normoglycemia were included before 12 gestational weeks (GWs), with 874 included in the final analysis. Of these, 177 women were diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 697 had normal glucose tolerance. All GDMw received MedDiet-based medical nutrition therapy with a recommended daily extra virgin olive oil intake ≥40 mL and a daily handful of nuts. The primary goal was comparison of hemoglobin A1c (HbA(1c)) levels at 36-38 GWs in GDMw and women with normal glucose tolerance (NGTw). RESULTS: GDMw as compared with NGTw had higher HbA(1c) levels at 24-28 GWs (5.1%±0.3% (32±0.9 mmol/mol) vs 4.9%±0.3% (30±0.9 mmol/mol), p=0.001). At 36-38 GWs values were similar between the groups. Similarly, fasting serum insulin and homeostatic model assessment insulin resitance (HOMA-IR) were higher in GDMw at 24-28 GWs (p=0.001) but became similar at 36-38 GWs. 26.6% of GDMw required insulin for glycemic control. GDMw compared with NGTw had higher rates of insufficient weight gain (39.5% vs 22.0%, p=0.001), small for gestational age (6.8% vs 2.6%, p=0.009), and neonatal intensive care unit admission (5.6% vs 1.7%, p=0.006). The rates of macrosomia, large for gestational age, pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders, prematurity and cesarean sections were comparable with NGTw. CONCLUSIONS: Using a MedDiet-based medical nutrition therapy as part of GDM management is associated with achievement of near-normoglycemia, subsequently making most pregnancy outcomes similar to those of NGTw.
Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet and Serum Adiponectin Levels in Pregnancy: Results from a Cohort Study in Normal Weight Caucasian Women.; The Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet) is significantly associated with anti-inflammatory effects and a favorable health outcome. During pregnancy, both inflammatory changes and oxidative balance are essential for a successful outcome, while an unbalanced inflammatory response can be a key mediator of obstetrical syndromes. The aim of this study is to investigate the adherence to MedDiet during pregnancy in the 1st and in the 3rd trimester, and to test whether the adherence was associated with serum adiponectin levels. The study was carried out on 99 normal weight Caucasian women. The adherence to MedDiet was measured by a 13-point Mediterranean scale. The whole sample scored 7.2 ± 1.5, with no difference between first and third trimester (p = 0.7). Critical points were: fruit < 3 servings/day in 77% of the sample, beans < 3 times/week in 89%, fish < 2 times/week in 69%, and nut weekly intake < 30 g in 75%. The serum adiponectin levels significantly decreased from the first to the third trimester (-16% ± 4%, p = 0.008), which confirms a low-grade inflammatory condition associated with advancing gestational age. The women who were in the highest tertile of the adherence to MedDiet had a lower percentage decrease, as compared with those in the lowest tertile (10% ± 11% vs. -34% ± 3%, p = 0.01). Even if in pregnancy the adiponectin levels are strongly influenced by the low-grade inflammation, the adherence to MedDiet may modulate this state.
TCF7L2 rs7903146 polymorphism modulates the association between adherence to a Mediterranean diet and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: There is sparse evidence for the impact of gene-diet interaction on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) onset. Recent findings have shown that late first-trimester high adherence to a Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) pattern is associated with a GDM risk reduction. The aim of this study was to investigate if this effect could be modulated by TCF7L2 rs7903146 polymorphism.Research design and methods: A total of 874 pregnant women participants in the St Carlos GDM prevention study, were stratified into three groups defined as "High,5-6 on targets", "Moderate, 2-4 on targets" or "Low, 0-1 on targets" adherence to Mediterranean diet according to late first-trimester compliance with six food targets: >12 servings/week of vegetables, >12 pieces/week of fruits, <2 servings/week of juice, >3 servings/week of nuts, >6 days/week and >40 mL/day consumption of extra virgin olive oil. All patients were genotyped for rs7903146 using Taqman technology. RESULTS: Logistic regression analysis revealed that the risk of developing GDM in those with high adherence versus low adherence was significantly reduced only in carriers of the T-allele (CT + TT), with an adjusted odds ratio of 0.15 (95% CI:0.05-0.48). This effect was not observed in CC carriers. Interaction analysis yielded significant rs7903146-MedDiet interaction in GDM risk (p < 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Women carrying the rs7903146 T-allele who highly adhere to a MedDiet early in pregnancy have lower risk of developing GDM than CC carriers. This reinforces the importance of identifying patients at risk of GDM who would be especially sensitive to nutritional interventions based on their genetic characteristics.
The Association of a Mediterranean-Style Diet Pattern with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome Status in a Community Cohort Study.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common condition in reproductive-aged women. While lifestyle management is first-line treatment in PCOS, the dietary intake of women with PCOS is unclear and there is no research assessing dietary patterns of women with and without PCOS. The aim of this study was to examine dietary patterns in a large cohort of women with and without PCOS. Data were from 7569 participants in the 1973-1978 cohort of the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health population assessed at 2009 (Survey 5) (n = 414 PCOS, n = 7155 non-PCOS). Dietary patterns were evaluated using factor analysis and multiple logistic regressions assessed their associations with PCOS status. Three dietary patterns were identified that explained 27% of the variance in food intake between women with and without PCOS: Non-core foods; Meats and take-away and Mediterranean-style. The Mediterranean-style dietary pattern was independently associated with PCOS status. On adjusted analysis for each 1 SD increase in the Mediterranean-style dietary pattern, there was a 26% greater likelihood that women had PCOS. This may indicate an improvement in the quality of dietary intake following a diagnosis of PCOS. Future research should examine the contribution of dietary patterns to the incidence and severity of PCOS and the potential for modification of dietary patterns in the lifestyle management of PCOS.
A prospective analysis of diet quality and endometrial cancer among 84,415 postmenopausal women in the Women's Health Initiative.; PURPOSE: Endometrial cancer is the most commonly diagnosed gynecologic cancer, but no convincing dietary risk factors for this cancer have been identified. Among postmenopausal women, we examined how four key a priori diet quality indices--the Healthy Eating Index-2010, Alternative Healthy Eating Index-2010, alternate Mediterranean Diet, and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension are related to the risk of endometrial cancer in the Women's Health Initiative Clinical Trials and Observational Study. METHODS: Our prospective cohort study included 84,415 postmenopausal women with a uterus who completed a food frequency questionnaire at enrollment. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate multivariate hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for endometrial cancer associated with increasing quintiles of diet quality index scores. RESULTS: During 13.3 years of follow-up, 1392 endometrial cancer cases occurred. After adjustment for known risk factors, having better diet quality (Q5 vs. Q1) was not associated with the risk of endometrial cancer, as evidenced using Healthy Eating Index-2010 (HR: 1.11, 95% CI: 0.93-1.33), Alternative Healthy Eating Index-2010 (HR: 0.98, 95% CI: 0.82-1.17), alternate Mediterranean Diet (HR: 0.98, 95% CI: 0.82-1.17), or Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (HR: 1.00, 95% CI: 0.84-1.19). CONCLUSIONS: Diet quality was not associated with endometrial cancer risk in this large cohort of postmenopausal women.
Association between adherence to the Mediterranean diet and semen quality parameters in male partners of couples attempting fertility.; STUDY QUESTION: Is adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) associated with better semen quality in men of subfertile couples attempting fertility? SUMMARY ANSWER: Greater adherence to the MedDiet, as assessed through the validated Mediterranean diet score (MedDietScore), was significantly associated with higher sperm concentration, total sperm count and sperm motility. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: A-posteriori dietary pattern approaches have revealed that dietary patterns characterized by high intakes of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, fish and low intake of meat are associated with better semen quality. Yet, whether adherence to the MedDiet is associated with better semen profile remains largely unexplored. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, AND DURATION: This was a cross-sectional study of 225 men from couples attending a fertility clinic in Athens, Greece, recruited between November 2013 and May 2016. The study was designed to evaluate the influence of habitual dietary intake and lifestyle on fertility outcomes. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Men aged 26-55 years, 51.1% overweight or obese, 20.9% smokers, with complete dietary data were analyzed. Diet was assessed via a food-frequency questionnaire and adherence to the MedDiet was assessed through the MedDietScore (range: 0-55; higher scores indicating greater adherence to MedDiet). Semen quality was evaluated according to World Health Organization 2010 guidelines. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to evaluate associations between tertiles of the MedDietScore and the likelihood of having abnormal semen parameters, after adjusting for potential confounders. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Compared to men in the highest tertile of the MedDietScore (≥37, N = 66), a higher percentage of men in the lowest tertile of the score (≤30, N = 76) exhibited below the WHO reference values for sperm concentration (47.4% vs 16.7%, P < 0.001), total sperm count (55.3% vs 22.7%, P < 0.001), total motility (65.8% vs 31.8%, P < 0.001), progressive motility (84.2 vs 62.1%, P = 0.011) and sperm morphology (50.0 vs 28.8%, P = 0.023). In the multivariable adjusted models, men in the lowest tertile of the MedDietScore had ~2.6 times higher likelihood of having abnormal sperm concentration, total sperm count and motility, compared to men in the highest tertile of the score. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: The main limitation of the study stems from its cross-sectional nature, limiting our ability to determine causality. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: The results suggest that greater compliance to the MedDiet may help improve semen quality. Whether this translates into differences in male fertility remains to be elucidated. Our findings are consistent with previous studies showing that dietary patterns with some of the characteristics of the MedDiet, i.e. rich in fruit, vegetables, legumes and whole grains, are associated with better measures of semen quality. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTERESTS: No funding was obtained. The authors have no competing interests to declare. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: n/a.
Associations between Maternal Cadmium Exposure with Risk of Preterm Birth and Low after Birth Weight Effect of Mediterranean Diet Adherence on Affected Prenatal Outcomes.; Prenatal cadmium exposure at non-occupational levels has been associated with poor birth outcomes. The intake of essential metals, such as iron and selenium, may mitigate cadmium exposure effects. However, at high levels, these metals can be toxic. The role of dietary patterns rich in these metals is less studied. We used a linear and logistic regression in a cohort of 185 mother-infant pairs to assess if a Mediterranean diet pattern during pregnancy modified the associations between prenatal cadmium exposure and (1) birth weight and (2) preterm birth. We found that increased cadmium exposure during pregnancy was associated with lower birth weight (β = -210.4; 95% CI: -332.0, -88.8; p = 0.008) and preterm birth (OR = 0.11; 95% CI: 0.01, 0.72; p = 0.04); however, these associations were comparable in offspring born to women reporting high adherence to a Mediterranean diet (β = -274.95; 95% CI: -701.17, 151.26; p = 0.20) and those with low adherence (β = -64.76; 95% CI: -359.90, 230.37; p = 0.66). While the small sample size limits inference, our findings suggest that adherence to a Mediterranean dietary pattern may not mitigate cadmium exposure effects. Given the multiple organs targeted by cadmium and its slow excretion rate, larger studies are required to clarify these findings.
Benefits of Adhering to a Mediterranean Diet Supplemented with Extra Virgin Olive Oil and Pistachios in Pregnancy on the Health of Offspring at 2 Years of Age. Results of the San Carlos Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Prevention Study.; The intrauterine environment may be related to the future development of chronic diseases in the offspring. The St. Carlos gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevention study, is a randomized controlled trial that evaluated the influence of the early (before 12th gestational week) Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) on the onset of GDM and adverse gestational outcomes. Out of 874 women assessed after delivery (440 control group (CG)/434 intervention group (IG)), 703 children were followed (365/338; CG/IG), with the aim to assess whether the adherence to a MedDiet during pregnancy induces health benefits for the offspring during the first two years of life. Logistic regression analysis showed that the IG in children of mothers with pre-gestational body mass index (BMI) < 25 kg/m(2) and normal glucose tolerance (NGT), was associated with a lower risk (RR(95% CI)) of suffering from severe events requiring hospitalization due to bronchiolitis/asthma (0.75(0.58-0.98) and 0.77(0.59-0.99), respectively) or other diseases that required either antibiotic (0.80(0.65-0.98) and 0.80(0.65-0.99), respectively), corticosteroid treatment (0.73(0.59-0.90) and 0.79(0.62-1.00) respectively) or both (all p < 0.05). A nutritional intervention based on the MedDiet during pregnancy is associated with a reduction in offspring's hospital admissions, especially in women with pre-gestational BMI < 25 kg/m(2) and NGT.
[Adherence to a mediterranean diet and sport performance in a elite female athletes futsal population].; INTRODUCTION: Low energy intake may lead to the loss of muscle mass, menstrual dysfunction, increased risk of fatigue, injures and the need for prolonged recovery process. OBJECTIVES: 1) To analyse the adherence to the Mediterranean diet of a elite female athletes futsal population, 2) To analyse the relationship between the Dietary Mediterranean index, body composition and sport performance, and 3) To analyse if the differences in the index of adherence to the Mediterranean diet generates test differences in sports performance and body composition. METHODS: The adherence to a Mediterranean Diet, body composition test, isokinetic test, vertical jump test (CMJ and SJ), kicking ball, speed test and test Repeated Sprint Ability (RSA) was measured. RESULTS: we found that 7 out of 12 players (58.33%) showed a low index and 5 of the 12 players (41.67%) showed a means index. We found that 7 out of 12 players (58.33%) showed a low index and 5 of the 12 players (41.67%) below the optimum index. Moreover, this adhesion index did not correlate with the values of the body composition or athletic performance test. No significant differences between the players that scored below the optimal index with those with a low level of adhesion were observed. However, mass fat (%) correlated to the ability to repeat sprint. CONCLUSIONS: Low levels of adherence to the Mediterranean diet was observed in futsal players, the values shown in the KIDMED questionnaire did not correlate with the performance of the players nor body composition.
The Association between Dietary Intake, Asthma, and PCOS in Women from the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health.; Dietary intake potentially modifies the prevalence or severity of asthma. The prevalence of asthma is higher in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS); it is not known if diet confounds or modifies the association between asthma and PCOS. The aims of this study were: (i) To determine if the association of PCOS and asthma is independent of dietary pattern and (ii) to determine if dietary pattern modifies the association between PCOS and asthma. Women in this study were from the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health (ALSWH) cohort born between 1973 to 1978 and aged 18 to 23 years (n = 7382). Logistic regression was used to assess the association between PCOS and asthma, adjusting for the following: (i) Potential confounders identified a priori and (ii) dietary patterns (z-score) identified by principle component analysis. In the adjusted analysis, women with PCOS were more likely to have asthma than the women without PCOS (OR 1.35 and 95% CI, 1.02 and 1.78). This relationship was not altered by further adjustment for dietary patterns (non-core food, meats and takeaway, or Mediterranean-style pattern). In the interaction analysis, only the women consuming less than the median intake of non-core foods (i.e., lower intake of discretionary or unhealthy foods) and with PCOS were more likely to have asthma (OR 1.91 and 95% CI, 1.29 and 2.82). Dietary intake did not confound the relationship between PCOS and asthma. Other mechanistic pathways are likely responsible for the asthma and PCOS association, and further studies assessing factors such as oral contraceptive use and sex steroid hormones warrant investigation.
Effect of a Mediterranean Diet-Based Nutritional Intervention on the Risk of Developing Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Other Maternal-Fetal Adverse Events in Hispanic Women Residents in Spain.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most frequent morbidity found in pregnancy, and it increases the risk for several maternal-fetal complications. Hispanic women are considered at high risk. The St. Carlos GDM prevention study is a randomized controlled trial (RCT) conducted from 2016-2017. Normoglycemic women were randomized at 12-14 Gestation week (WG) to an intervention group (IG) receiving recommendations based on the MedDiet (supplemented with ExtraVirgin Olive Oil/pistachios), or to a control group (CG), recommended to limit fat intake. After RCT conclusion, IG recommendations were applied to a real-world group (RW) in routine clinical practice. The primary endpoint of the current study is an assessment of the GDM rate in Hispanic participants of the aforementioned studies: 132 RCT, 128 CT, 284 RW participants. The GDM rate was lower in IG: 19/128(14.8%), p = 0.021, and RW: 38/284(13.4%), p = 0.029) than in CG: 34/132(25.8%). Adjusted RR (95%CI) for GDM: 0.72 (0.50-0.97), p = 0.037 in IG and 0.77 (0.61-0.97), p = 0.008 in RW. Rates of urinary tract infections, emergency caesarean-sections and perineal trauma were also lower in IG and RW. Other adverse outcomes were lower in IG vs. CG. In conclusion, a MedDiet-based intervention reduces the rate of GDM and several adverse maternal-fetal outcomes in Hispanic women residing in Spain.
Influence of the degree of adherence to the Mediterranean diet on the cardiometabolic risk in peri and menopausal women. The Flamenco project.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The Mediterranean diet (MD) has been associated with reduced morbidity from cardiovascular diseases in the general population. The aim of this study was to assess whether different degrees of adherence to the MD were associated with the cardiometabolic risk in peri and menopausal women. METHODS AND RESULTS: This cross-sectional study included 198 peri and menopausal women participating in the Flamenco project. Validated questionnaires were used to assess menopause health-related quality of life and degree of adherence to the MD (low, medium and high). The following cardiometabolic risk factors were assessed: fat mass percentage, waist circumference, blood pressure and resting heart rate, plasma markers (total cholesterol, high and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol [HDL-C and LDL-C, respectively], total cholesterol/HDL ratio, triglycerides, C-reactive protein and fasting glucose), Physical activity levels and smoking status. The degree of adherence to the MD among the study sample was 27%, 40% and 30% for low, medium and high adherence, respectively. After controlling for potential confounders, women with a high adherence to the MD showed lower plasma total cholesterol (p = 0.025), resting heart rate (p = 0.005), LDL-C (p = 0.019), triglycerides (p = 0.046) and C-reactive protein (p = 0.009) compared to those with a low adherence. Likewise women with high adherence to the MD showed lower total cholesterol/HDL-C ratio (p = 0.020) compared to those with a medium adherence. The high MD adherence group also showed lower clustered cardiometabolic risk (p = 0.004). Moreover, when analysing specific MD components, whole grain cereals, pulses (both p < 0.05) and red wine (p < 0.01) consumption were inversely associated with the clustered cardiometabolic risk. CONCLUSION: The present findings suggest that a high but not medium adherence to the MD is associated with a cardioprotective effect in peri and menopausal women. As a low percentage of the sample showed a high adherence to the MD, future research aimed at increasing the adherence to this dietary pattern for a better cardiometabolic status during peri and menopause is warranted.
Mediterranean dietary pattern and risk of breast cancer.; BACKGROUND: A Mediterranean diet has a recognized beneficial effect on health and longevity, with a protective influence on several cancers. However, its association with breast cancer risk remains unclear. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to investigate whether adherence to a Mediterranean dietary pattern influences breast cancer risk. DESIGN: The Swedish Women's Lifestyle and Health cohort study includes 49,258 women aged 30 to 49 years at recruitment in 1991-1992. Consumption of foods and beverages was measured at enrollment using a food frequency questionnaire. A Mediterranean diet score was constructed based on the consumption of alcohol, vegetables, fruits, legumes, cereals, fish, the ratio of unsaturated to saturated fat, and dairy and meat products. Relative risks (RR) for breast cancer and specific tumor characteristics (invasiveness, histological type, estrogen/progesterone receptor status, malignancy grade and stage) associated with this score were estimated using Cox regression controlling for potential confounders. RESULTS: 1,278 incident breast cancers were diagnosed. Adherence to a Mediterranean dietary pattern was not statistically significantly associated with reduced risk of breast cancer overall, or with specific breast tumor characteristics. A RR (95% confidence interval) for breast cancer associated with a two-point increment in the Mediterranean diet score was 1.08 (1.00-1.15) in all women, and 1.10 (1.01-1.21) and 1.02 (0.91-1.15) in premenopausal and postmenopausal women, respectively. When alcohol was excluded from the Mediterranean diet score, results became not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to a Mediterranean dietary pattern did not decrease breast cancer risk in this cohort of relatively young women.
Maternal and neonatal FTO rs9939609 polymorphism affect insulin sensitivity markers and lipoprotein profile at birth in appropriate-for-gestational-age term neonates.; The influence of maternal fat mass and obesity (FTO) gene polymorphism on neonatal insulin sensitivity/resistance biomarkers and lipoprotein profile has not been tested. The study aimed to assess the association between the FTO rs9939609 polymorphism in mother-neonate couples and neonatal anthropometrical measurements, insulin sensitivity/resistance, and lipid and lipoprotein concentrations at birth. Fifty-three term, appropriate-for-gestational-age, Caucasian newborns together with their respective mothers participated in a cross-sectional study. Sixty-six percent of mothers and neonates carried the A allele (being AA or AT). TT mothers gained less weight during pregnancy, but non-significant maternal gene influence was found for neonatal bodyweight, body mass index, or ponderal index. Neonates from AA + AT mothers showed lower glucose, insulin, and homeostatic model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) but higher homeostatic model assessment insulin sensitivity (HOMA-IS) and homocysteine than neonates whose mothers were TT. AA + AT neonates had higher insulin and HOMA-IR than TT. The genotype neonatal × maternal association was tested in the following four groups of neonates: TT neonates × TT mothers (nTT × mTT), TT neonates × AA + AT mothers (nTT × mAA + AT), AA + AT neonates × TT mothers (nAA + AT × mTT), and AA + AT neonates × AA + AT mothers (nAA + AT × mAA + AT). Non-significant interactions between neonatal and maternal alleles were found for any parameter tested. However, maternal alleles affected significantly glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR, and homocysteine while neonatal alleles the arylesterase activity. Most significant differences were found between nATT + AA × mTT and nATT + AA × mAA + AT. Glycemia, insulinemia, and HOMA-IR were lower, while the Mediterranean diet adherence (MDA) was higher in the mAA + AT vs. mTT whose children were AA + AT. This dietary fact seems to counterbalance the potential negative effect on glucose homeostasis of the obesogenic A allele in neonates.
Aerobic Exercise with Mediterranean-DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay Diet Promotes Brain Cells' Longevity despite Sex Hormone Deficiency in Postmenopausal Women: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the combined impact of aerobic exercise and Mediterranean-DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay (MIND) diet on brain cells longevity in spite of sex hormones deficiency in obese postmenopausal women. DESIGN: A parallel randomized clinical trial. Subjects/Patients. Sixty-eight eligible postmenopausal women were randomly assigned to one of two groups, one experimental and one control. The participants' age ranged from 60 to 75 years, and their body mass index ranged from 30 to 39.9 kg/m(2). METHODS: An experimental group whose members followed moderate-intensity treadmill exercise three times/week for three months with MIND diet and a control group whose members followed the MIND diet only. In addition to serum sex hormones, pre- and post-12-week assessments were performed to measure serum sex hormones as well as cognitive and functional levels. RESULTS: The experimental group showed after intervention highly significant changes (p < 0.01) in sex hormones, cognitive functions, and functional levels compared with the control group (p < 0.05). In addition, no correlation was found between the measured variables in both groups after intervention (p > 0.05). CONCLUSION: Aerobic exercise combined with the MIND diet improves cognitive and functional levels and substitutes sex hormones deficiency in postmenopausal women, which affects the longevity of brain health.
Does the Mediterranean dietary pattern or the Healthy Diet Index influence the risk of breast cancer in a large British cohort of women?; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: To assess the risk of developing breast cancer associated with consumption of two common dietary patterns: a Mediterranean dietary pattern and a dietary pattern, which conforms to the World Health Organization Healthy Diet Index (WHO HDI). SUBJECTS/METHODS: Dietary data from a 217-item food frequency questionnaire were used to generate two dietary patterns according to pre-defined criteria in women from the UK Women's Cohort Study. Survival analysis using Cox regression was used to estimate hazards ratios for risk of breast cancer adjusted for known confounders. RESULTS: This analysis included 828 incident cases of breast cancer in 33,731 women with a mean follow-up of 9 years. There were no statistically significant associations between either the Mediterranean dietary pattern or the WHO HDI and risk of breast cancer. In premenopausal women, there was a nonsignificant trend suggesting that increasing compliance with the Mediterranean diet was associated with lower risk of breast cancer. Maximal adherence to the Mediterranean diet was associated with hazards ratio=0.65 (95% confidence interval: 0.42-1.02, P trend=0.09) compared with minimal adherence. In postmenopausal women, no clear trends were observed. CONCLUSIONS: In this study, no strong association between the risk of breast cancer and the consumption of either a Mediterranean-type diet or one characterized by adherence to the WHO HDI was observed. In premenopausal, but not postmenopausal women, there was a nonsignificant inverse association with increasing adherence to the Mediterranean diet pattern.
The impact of periconceptional maternal lifestyle on clinical features and biomarkers of placental development and function: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Worldwide, placenta-related complications contribute to adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as pre-eclampsia, fetal growth restriction and preterm birth, with implications for the future health of mothers and offspring. The placenta develops in the periconception period and forms the interface between mother and embryo/fetus. An unhealthy periconceptional maternal lifestyle, such as smoking, alcohol and under- and over-nutrition, can detrimentally influence placental development and function. OBJECTIVE AND RATIONALE: The impact of maternal lifestyle on placental health is largely unknown. Therefore, we aim to summarize the evidence of the impact of periconceptional maternal lifestyle on clinical features and biomarkers of placental development and function throughout pregnancy. SEARCH METHODS: A comprehensive search in Medline, Embase, Pubmed, The Cochrane Library Web of Science and Google Scholar was conducted. The search strategy included keywords related to the maternal lifestyle, smoking, alcohol, caffeine, nutrition (including folic acid supplement intake) and body weight. For placental markers throughout pregnancy, keywords related to ultrasound imaging, serum biomarkers and histological characteristics were used. We included randomized controlled trials and observational studies published between January 2000 and March 2017 and restricted the analysis to singleton pregnancies and maternal periconceptional lifestyle. Methodological quality was scored using the ErasmusAGE tool. A protocol of this systematic review has been registered in PROSPERO International prospective register of systematic reviews (PROSPERO 2016:CRD42016045596). OUTCOMES: Of 2593 unique citations found, 82 studies were included. The median quality score was 5 (range: 0-10). The findings revealed that maternal smoking was associated with lower first-trimester placental vascularization flow indices, higher second- and third-trimester resistance of the uterine and umbilical arteries and lower resistance of the middle cerebral artery. Although a negative impact of smoking on placental weight was expected, this was less clear. Alcohol use was associated with a lower placental weight. One study described higher second- and third-trimester placental growth factor (PlGF) levels after periconceptional alcohol use. None of the studies looked at caffeine intake. Adequate nutrition in the first trimester, periconceptional folic acid supplement intake and strong adherence to a Mediterranean diet, were all associated with a lower resistance of the uterine and umbilical arteries in the second and third trimester. A low caloric intake resulted in a lower placental weight, length, breadth, thickness, area and volume. Higher maternal body weight was associated with a larger placenta measured by ultrasound in the second and third trimester of pregnancy or weighed at birth. In addition, higher maternal body weight was associated with decreased PlGF-levels. WIDER IMPLICATIONS: Evidence of the impact of periconceptional maternal lifestyle on placental health was demonstrated. However, due to poorly defined lifestyle exposures and time windows of investigation, unstandardized measurements of placenta-related outcomes and small sample sizes of the included studies, a cautious interpretation of the effect estimates is indicated. We suggest that future research should focus more on physiological consequences of unhealthy lifestyle during the critical periconception window. Moreover, we foresee that new evidence will support the development of lifestyle interventions to improve the health of mothers and their offspring from the earliest moment in life.
Mediterranean dietary pattern in pregnant women and offspring risk of overweight and abdominal obesity in early childhood: the INMA birth cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Animal models have suggested that maternal diet quality may reduce offspring obesity risk regardless of maternal body weight; however, evidence from human studies is scarce. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate associations between adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) during pregnancy and childhood overweight and abdominal obesity risk at 4 years of age. METHODS: We analysed 1827 mother-child pairs from the Spanish 'Infancia y Medio Ambiente' cohort study, recruited between 2003 and 2008. Diet was assessed during pregnancy using a food frequency questionnaire and MD adherence by the relative Mediterranean diet score (rMED). Overweight (including obesity) was defined as an age-specific and sex-specific body mass index ≥85th percentile (World Health Organization referent), and abdominal obesity as a waist circumference (WC) >90th percentile. Multivariate adjusted linear and logistic regression models were used to evaluate associations between pregnancy rMED and offspring overweight and abdominal obesity. RESULT: There was no association between rMED and body mass index z-score, whereas there was a significant association between higher adherence to MD and lower WC (β of high vs. low rMED: -0.62 cm; 95% confidence interval: -1.10, -0.14 cm, P for trend = 0.009). CONCLUSION: Pregnancy adherence to the MD was not associated with childhood overweight risk, but it was associated with lower WC, a marker of abdominal obesity.
Dietary patterns and urinary phthalate exposure among postmenopausal women of the Women's Health Initiative.; BACKGROUND: Phthalates are endocrine-disrupting chemicals linked to a higher risk of numerous chronic health outcomes. Diet is a primary source of exposure, but prior studies exploring associations between dietary patterns and phthalate exposure are limited. OBJECTIVES: We evaluated the associations between dietary patterns and urinary phthalate biomarkers among a subset of postmenopausal women participating in the Women's Health Initiative (WHI). METHODS: We included WHI participants selected for a nested case-control study of phthalates and breast cancer (N = 1240). Dietary intake was measured via self-administered food frequency questionnaires at baseline and year-3. We used these data to calculate scores for alignment with the Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension (DASH), alternative Mediterranean (aMed), and Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII) diets. We measured 13 phthalate metabolites and creatinine in 2-3 urine samples per participant collected over 3-years when all participants were cancer-free. We fit multivariable generalized estimating equation models to estimate the cross-sectional associations. RESULTS: DASH and aMed dietary scores were inversely associated with the sum of di(2-Ethylhexyl) phthalate (-6.48%, 95% CI -9.84, -3.00; -5.23%, 95% CI -8.73, -1.60) and DII score was positively associated (9.00%, 95% CI 5.04, 13.11). DASH and aMed scores were also inversely associated with mono benzyl phthalate and mono-3-carboxypropyl phthalate. DII scores were positively associated with mono benzyl phthalate and the sum of di-n-butyl phthalate. DISCUSSION: Higher dietary alignment with DASH and aMed dietary patterns were significantly associated with lower concentrations of certain phthalate biomarkers, while an inflammatory diet pattern was associated with higher phthalate biomarker concentrations. These findings suggest that dietary patterns high in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat foods and low in processed foods may be useful in avoiding exposure to phthalates.
Rationale and study design for lifestyle intervention in preparation for pregnancy (LIPP): A randomized controlled trial.; INTRODUCTION: Maternal obesity increases neonatal risk for obesity and metabolic syndrome later in life. Prior attempts to break this intergenerational obesity cycle by limiting excessive gestational weight gain have failed to reduce neonatal adiposity. Alternatively, pre-conception lifestyle interventions may improve the in utero metabolic milieu during early pregnancy leading to improved fetal outcomes. This randomized controlled trial (RCT) is evaluating whether a lifestyle intervention to reduce weight and improve maternal metabolism in preparation for pregnancy (LIPP) attenuates neonatal adiposity, compared to standard medical advice. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Overweight/class 1 obese women after a previous pregnancy, ~12 weeks postpartum, preparing for a subsequent pregnancy, will be block randomized (1:1) to either LIPP or standard of care in a parallel design. Randomization is stratified by lactation status and overweight vs. class 1 obesity. The LIPP program consists of intensive short-term weight loss followed by weight maintenance until conception using supervised exercise and a low glycemic Mediterranean diet. PRIMARY OUTCOMES: Group differences in neonatal adiposity at birth assessed by PEA POD and placental mitochondrial lipid metabolism. SECONDARY OUTCOMES: Group differences in maternal pregravid and gestational body composition, insulin sensitivity, β-cell function, fasting metabolic and inflammatory biomarkers, and overall quality of life. Exploratory outcomes include umbilical cord blood insulin resistance, lipid profile and inflammation. DISCUSSION: This RCT will determine the efficacy of maternal weight loss prior to pregnancy on reducing neonatal adiposity. Findings may change standard obstetrical care by providing Level 1 evidence on lifestyle interventions improving neonatal outcomes for women planning for pregnancy. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT03146156.
Association of breast cancer and obesity in a homogeneous population from Spain.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate for the first time in Spain if the association between obesity and breast cancer prognosis is similar to that reported in other countries with non Mediterranean dietary patterns. METHODS: Weight and height and other variables of interest, tumor characteristics and current clinical status 3 yr after diagnosis were retrieved from medical files of breast cancer women diagnosed during 2006. A total of 159 cases with complete information were studied and categorized according to the World Health Organization criteria in normal-/under-weight, overweight, and obese. RESULTS: Among breast cancer patients, 70.4% were classified as overweight/ obese and 29.6% as normal weight. Prevalence of obesity was high (38.4%) in comparison with information reported for healthy women of the same region (27.11%) and was higher among post-menopausal patients and in women with low level of alcohol and tobacco consumption. Moreover, overweight/ obese cases (79.5%) tended to have more often human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 status negative when compared with those with normal weight (70.2%; p=0.097) and the survival curves tended to be influenced by body mass index although without statistical significance. CONCLUSIONS: Overweight/obesity in a Mediterranean country is highly prevalent among breast cancer patients. Our results support a putative influence of obesity per se and not the alimentary patterns as a prognostic factor in breast cancer patients justifying the need to perform larger prospective studies.
Effects of a Lifestyle Change Intervention on Semen Quality in Healthy Young Men Living in Highly Polluted Areas in Italy: The FASt Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Human semen quality is affected by lifestyle and environmental factors. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the short-term effects of a diet and physical activity intervention on semen quality of healthy young men living in highly polluted areas of Italy. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: A randomized controlled trial was conducted. Healthy young men were assigned to an intervention or a control group. INTERVENTION: A 4-mo Mediterranean diet and moderate physical activity program. OUTCOME MEASUREMENTS AND STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: The primary outcomes were sperm concentration, motility and morphology, concentration of round cells, and semen total antioxidant capacity. Secondary outcomes were adherence to Mediterranean diet and physical activity. All outcomes were measured twice, at the enrollment (t0) and at the end of the intervention (t4). RESULTS AND LIMITATIONS: A total of 263 individuals attended all visits, and underwent examinations and laboratory analyses: 137 in the intervention group and 126 in the control group. The adherence to Mediterranean diet and physical activity level increased more in the intervention group than in the control group from t0 to t4. Sperm concentration, total and progressive motility, and proportion of normal morphology cells increased in the intervention group but decreased in the control group, with statistically significant differences between the two groups at t4. The total antioxidant capacity increased in the intervention group but decreased in the control group, from t0 to t4. CONCLUSIONS: Study results showed that an intervention based on Mediterranean diet and regular physical activity can determine an improvement of semen quality in healthy young men. PATIENT SUMMARY: Our study aimed to evaluate the effect of a lifestyle intervention on semen quality of healthy young men. We assigned the 263 enrolled individuals to an intervention or a control group. The intervention group followed a 4-mo Mediterranean diet and moderate physical activity program, at the end of which the participants showed an improvement of semen quality parameters.
Mediterranean diet improves blastocyst formation in women previously infected COVID-19: a prospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVES: Our study tries to investigate the effect of the Mediterranean diet (MeDiet) on assisted reproductive treatment outcomes in women after COVID-19 infection. DESIGN: A prospective observational cohort study in the Reproductive and Genetic Hospital of CITIC-Xiangya from February 2023 to August 2023.Subjects: A total of 605 participants previously infected with COVID-19 were enrolled. EXPOSURE: None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASUREMENT: The primary outcomes are oocyte and embryo quality. The secondary outcomes are pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: A majority of participants (n = 517) followed low to moderate MeDiet, and only a small group of them (n = 88) followed high MeDiet. The blastocyst formation rate is significantly higher in MeDiet scored 8-14 points women (46.08%), compared to the other two groups (which is 41.75% in the low adherence population and 40.07% in the moderate adherence population respectively) (p = 0.044). However, the follicle number on hCG day, yield oocytes, normal fertilized zygotes, fertilization rate, day three embryos (cleavage embryos), and embryo quality are comparable among the three groups. For those who received embryo transfer, we noticed an obvious trend that with the higher MeDiet score, the higher clinical pregnancy rate (62.37% vs. 76.09% vs. 81.25%, p = 0.197), implantation rate (55.84% vs. 66.44% vs. 69.23%, p = 0.240) and ongoing pregnancy rate (61.22% vs. 75.00% vs. 81.25%, p = 0.152) even though the p values are not significant. An enlarging sample size study, especially in a high adherence population should be designed to further verify the effects of MeDiet's role in improving IVF performance. CONCLUSION: High adherence to MeDiet is associated with improved blastocyst formation in women after COVID-19 infection. There is also a trend that high adherence to MeDiet might be beneficial to clinical pregnancy, embryo implantation as well as ongoing pregnancy in these women.
PPARG and FTO polymorphism can modulate the outcomes of a central European diet and a Mediterranean diet in centrally obese postmenopausal women.; The aim of this study was to test the hypothesis that polymorphism of genes with the biggest effects on body mass (FTO and PPARG) can affect the results of dieting in centrally obese postmenopausal women. A total of 144 volunteers were randomized to a 16-week intervention with two hypocaloric diets: either a Mediterranean diet (MED) moderate in fat (37% total energy as fat) or the Central European diet (CED) moderate in carbohydrates (55% total energy as carbohydrates). The associations between FTO and PPARG polymorphism on the baseline body mass, body composition, blood pressure, lipid and non-lipid parameters, and their changes after the trial were analyzed. None of the examined baseline outcomes differed in the rs9939609 FTO subgroups; abdominal fat was higher in the minor (G) allele carriers of the PPARG rs1801282. After the intervention, in the CED group, the PPARG G allele carriers showed greater reductions in weight (-6.58 ± 0.61 vs -9.58 ± 0.83; P < .01), lean mass (-0.38 ± 0.29 vs -1.79 ± 0.38; P < .05) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (-0.46 ± 0.77 vs -5.25 ± 1.49; P < .01) than the CC homozygotes, and the TT individuals of the rs9939609 FTO had greater reductions in diastolic blood pressure (-9.03 ± 1.78 vs. -7.58 ± 1.50; P < .05). In the MED group, greater reductions in abdominal fat were observed in the G allele carriers than in the CC homozygotes (-3.31 ± 0.26 vs. -4.23 ± 0.41; P < .05). PPARG and FTO polymorphism may affect the outcomes of the diets aimed at weight reduction in postmenopausal women.
Diet as moderator in the association of adiposity with inflammatory biomarkers among adolescents in the HELENA study.; AIM: Our aim is to demonstrate that a healthy diet might reduce the relation between adiposity and inflammation, whereas an unhealthy diet may increase the effect of adiposity on inflammatory biomarkers. METHODS: In 618 adolescents (13-17 years) of the European HELENA study, data were available on body composition, a set of inflammation markers, and food intake determined by a self-administered computerized 24-h recall. A 9-point Mediterranean diet score and an antioxidant-rich diet score were used as dietary parameters and tested as moderator. Total body fat was represented by the sum of six skinfold thicknesses and central adiposity by waist circumference. A set of inflammation-related biomarkers was used as outcome: a pro/anti-inflammatory interleukins ratio, TGFβ-1, C-reactive protein, TNF-α, 3 cell adhesion molecules, and 3 types of immune cells; gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) and homocysteine were used as cardiovascular disease risk biomarkers, and alanine transaminase (ALT) as liver dysfunction biomarker. Multiple linear regression analyses tested moderation by diet in the adiposity-inflammation association and were adjusted for age, sex, country, puberty, socioeconomic status. RESULTS: Both the Mediterranean and antioxidant-rich diet, and overall and central adiposity, were important in the moderation. Diet was a significant protective moderator in the effect of adiposity on the pro/anti-inflammatory interleukins ratio, TGFβ-1, GGT, and ALT. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, in some cases, a diet rich in antioxidants and essential nutrients may attenuate the concentration of inflammatory biomarkers caused by adiposity, whereas a poor diet appears to contribute to the onset of early oxidative stress signs.
ZNF577 Methylation Levels in Leukocytes From Women With Breast Cancer Is Modulated by Adiposity, Menopausal State, and the Mediterranean Diet.; The methylation levels of ZNF577 in breast tumors has been previously identified as a possible epigenetic mark of breast cancer associated with obesity. The aim of the current study was to investigate differences in methylation levels of ZNF577 depending on obesity, menopausal state and dietary pattern in blood leukocytes, a non-invasive sample. The methylation levels of ZNF577 of two CpG sites (CpGs) located in promoter and island previously identified as differentially methylated according to adiposity and menopausal state by 450 k array (cg10635122, cg03562414) were evaluated by pyrosequencing in DNA from the blood leukocytes of breast cancer patients [n = 90; n = 64 (71.1%) overweight/obesity and n = 26 (28.9%) normal-weight] and paired tumor tissue biopsies (n = 8 breast cancer patients with obesity; n = 3/5 premenopausal/postmenopausal women). Differences in methylation levels were evaluated at each CpGs individually and at the mean of the two evaluated CpGs. Adherence to the Mediterranean diet was evaluated using the MEDAS-validated questionnaire, and the consumption of food groups of interest was also evaluated using the recommended intakes of the Sociedad Española de Nutricion Comunitaria. The methylation levels of ZNF577 were correlated between paired leukocytes and breast tumor biopsies (r = 0.62; p = 0.001). Moreover, higher methylation was found in leukocytes from patients with obesity (p = 0.002) and postmenopausal patients (p = 0.022) than patients with normal-weight or premenopausal, respectively. After adjusting for the body mass index and age, higher levels of ZNF577 methylation were also found in women with greater adherence to the Mediterranean diet (p = 0.017) or specific foods. Relevantly, the methylation levels of ZNF577 showed a good ability for fish consumption detection [area under the ROC curve (AUC) = 0.72; p = 0.016]. In conclusion, the association between methylation of ZNF577 and adiposity, menopausal state, and adherence to the Mediterranean diet can be detected in the blood leukocytes. The results guarantee the need of performing further studies in longer longitudinal cohorts in order to elucidate the role of ZNF577 methylation in the association between breast cancer, adiposity and dietary patterns.
A Mediterranean Diet with an Enhanced Consumption of Extra Virgin Olive Oil and Pistachios Improves Pregnancy Outcomes in Women Without Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Sub-Analysis of the St. Carlos Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Prevention Study.; AIMS: The aim of the study was to evaluate the effect of a Mediterranean diet (MedDiet), enhanced with extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) and nuts, on a composite of adverse maternofoetal outcomes of women with normoglycemia during pregnancy. METHODS: This was a sub-analysis of the St Carlos gestational diabetes mellitus Prevention Study. Only normoglycemic women were analysed (697). They were randomized (at 8-12th gestational weeks) to: standard-care control group (337), where fat consumption was limited to 30% of total caloric intake; or intervention group (360), where a MedDiet, enhanced with EVOO and pistachios (40-42% fats of total caloric intake) was recommended. The primary outcome was a composite of maternofoetal outcomes (CMFOs): at least having 1 event of emergency C-section, perineal trauma, pregnancy-induced hypertension and preeclampsia, prematurity, large-for-gestational-age and small-for gestational-age. RESULTS: Crude relative risk showed that the intervention was associated with a significant reduction in the risk of CMFOs (0.48 [0.37-0.63]; p = 0.0001), with a number-needed-to-treat = 5. Risk of urinary tract infections, emergency C-sections, perineal trauma, large-for-gestational-age and small-for gestational age new-borns were also significantly reduced. CONCLUSION: A MedDiet, enhanced with EVOO and nuts, was associated with a risk reduction of CMFOs in over 50% in normoglycemic pregnant women. Therefore, it might be a potentially adequate diet for pregnant women. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Identifier ISRCTN84389045. The study was registered on September 27, 2013. Last edited on September 26, 2018.
Higher adherence to Mediterranean diet prior to pregnancy is associated with decreased risk for deviation from the maternal recommended gestational weight gain.; The present retrospective study was conducted on 1482 women in order to evaluate whether their pre-pregnancy adherence to the Mediterranean diet may affect maternal gestational weight gain (GWG). For this purpose, the study population was classified according to the Institute of Medicine (IOM) recommendations concerning GWG. Pre-pregnancy adherence to the Mediterranean diet was assessed with 11 food patterns groups based on their contribution in the Mediterranean diet pyramid. Women with high adherence to the Mediterranean diet were more frequently characterised by GWG inside the IOM recommendations. In multivariate analysis, women with low Mediterranean diet adherence were almost twice at risk in presenting deflection from recommended GWG regardless of various confounding factors. These findings suggested that high pre-pregnancy adherence to the Mediterranean diet may be associated with reduced risk for GWG outside the IOM recommendations. However, larger prospective studies are strongly recommended in order for more precise conclusions to be drawn.
Energy-restricted Central-European diet stimulates liver microsomal function in obese postmenopausal women - a randomized nutritional trial with a comparison to energy-restricted Mediterranean diet.; OBJECTIVE: Obesity and metabolic syndrome are risk factors for liver diseases like non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis. A healthy food pattern is vital for managing these health problems, therefore, this study investigated how two calorie-restricted diets, the Central European diet (CED) and Mediterranean diet (MED), altered microsomal liver function in obese postmenopausal women with a risk of metabolic syndrome. PATIENTS AND METHODS: One-hundred-forty-four subjects were randomly assigned to the CED (n=72) or the MED (n=72) groups. A 13C-methacetin breath test was performed, before and after the intervention to assess CPDR (Cumulative Percentage Dose Recovery at 120 minutes of the test), TTP (Time to Peak - maximal momentary recovery of 13C) and Vmax (the maximum momentary 13C recovery). RESULTS: There was a statistically significant increase in TTP and Vmax in the CED group only (p=0.0159 and p=0.0498, respectively). Changes in CPDR and TTP due to intervention were significantly higher in the CED group than in the MED group (p=0.0440 and p=0.0115, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: This is the first study to document a stimulatory effect of the energy-restricted CED on liver microsomal function as compared to MED. The relatively short dietary intervention led to a significant difference in the CYP1A2 activity between groups. The trial was registered in the German Clinical Trials Register (DRKS-ID: DRKS00012958; URL: https://www.germanctr.de/).
A 16-week multicomponent exercise training program improves menopause-related symptoms in middle-aged women. The FLAMENCO project randomized control trial.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the influence of a supervised multicomponent exercise training program on menopause-related symptoms, particularly vasomotor symptoms (VMS), in middle-aged women. METHODS: A total of 112 middle-aged women (mean age 52 ± 4 y old, age range 45-60 y) from the FLAMENCO project (exercise [n = 59] and counseling [n = 53] groups) participated in this randomized controlled trial (perprotocol basis). The exercise group followed a multicomponent exercise program composed of 60-minute sessions 3 days per week for 16 weeks. The 15-item Cervantes Menopause and Health Subscale was used to assess the frequency of menopause-related symptoms. RESULTS: After adjusting for body mass index and Mediterranean diet adherence, the subscales measuring menopause-related symptoms and VMSs decreased 4.6 more in the exercise group compared to the counseling group (between-group differences [B]: 95% CI: -8.8 to -0.2; P  = 0.040). The exercise group also showed significant improvements in the subscales of couple relationships (between-group differences [B]: -1.87: 95% CI: -3.29 to - 0.45; P = 0.010), psychological state (between-group differences [B]: -2.3: 95% CI: -5 to -0.2; P  = 0.035), and VMSs (between-group differences [B]: -4.5: 95% CI: -8.8 to -0.2; p  = 0.040) in the Cervantes Menopause and Health Subscale compared with the counseling group. CONCLUSIONS: A 16-week multicomponent physical exercise program showed a positive effect on menopause- related symptoms especially in couple relationships, psychological state, and VMS, among 45 to 60 year old women.
Lifestyle and breast cancer recurrences: the DIANA-5 trial.; AIMS AND BACKGROUND: The DIANA (Diet and Androgens)-5 study is a multi-institutional randomized controlled trial of the effectiveness of a diet based on Mediterranean and macrobiotic recipes and principles, associated with moderate physical activity, in reducing additional breast cancer events in women with early stage invasive breast cancer at high risk of recurrence because of metabolic or endocrine milieu. The intervention is expected to reduce serum insulin and sex hormones, which were associated with breast prognosis in previous studies. METHODS: Between 2008 and 2010, the study randomly assigned 1208 patients to an intensive diet and exercise intervention or to a comparison group, to be followed-up through 2015. General lifestyle recommendations for the prevention of cancer are given to both groups, and the intervention group is being offered a comprehensive lifestyle intervention, including cooking classes, conferences, common meals and exercise sessions. Adherence assessments occurred at baseline and at 12 months and are planned at 36 and 60 months. They include food frequency diaries, anthropometric measures, body fat distribution assessed with impedance scale, one week registration of physical activity with a multisensor arm-band monitor, metabolic and endocrine blood parameters. Outcome breast cancer events are assessed through self report at semi annual meetings or telephone interview and are validated through medical record verification. RESULTS: The randomized groups were comparable for age (51.8 years), proportion of ER-negative tumors (22%), axillary node metastasis (42%), reproductive variables, tobacco smoking, blood pressure, anthropometric measurements and hormonal and metabolic parameters. CONCLUSIONS: DIANA-5 has the potential to establish whether a Mediterranean-macrobiotic lifestyle may reduce breast cancer recurrences. We will assess evidence of effectiveness, first by comparing the incidence of additional breast cancer events (local or distant recurrence, second ipsilateral or contralateral cancer) in the intervention and in the control group, by an intention-to-treat analysis, and second by analyzing the incidence of breast cancer events in the total study population by compliance assessment score.
Intake of Sweets, Snacks and Soft Drinks Predicts Weight Gain in Obese Pregnant Women: Detailed Analysis of the Results of a Randomised Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Lifestyle interventions targeting obese pregnant women often result in modest reduction in gestational weight gain, pregnancy complications and related risk factors. Examining adherence to the intervention can, however, provide valuable information on the importance of the different factors targeted. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate improvements and relevance of different dietary factors targeted with respect to gestational weight gain in a 3-arm Randomised Controlled Trial (n=342) among obese pregnant women with BMI≥30 kg/m2. METHODS: Randomisation 1:1:1 to either hypocaloric Mediterranean type of diet and physical activity intervention (D+PA); physical activity intervention alone (PA); or control (C). Diet was assessed at baseline (weeks 11-14) and endpoint (weeks 36-37) using a validated food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: During the intervention women in the D+PA group significantly lowered their intakes of added sugars and saturated fat and increased their protein intake by ~1% of total energy compared to controls. Of these dietary variables only intakes of added sugar appeared to be related to GWG, while no association was observed for saturated fat or protein. Further analyses revealed that foods that contributed to intake of added sugars, including sweets, snacks, cakes, and soft drinks were strongly associated with weight gain, with women consuming sweets ≥2/day having 5.4 kg (95% CI 2.1-8.7) greater weight gain than those with a low (<1wk) intake. The results for soft drinks were more conflicting, as women with high weight gain tended to favour artificially sweetened soft drinks. CONCLUSION: In our sample of obese pregnant women, craving for sweets, snacks, and soft drinks strongly predicts GWG. Emphasis on reducing intakes of these foods may be more relevant for limiting gestational weight gain than encouraging strict compliance to more specific diets. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01345149.
Adherence to Mediterranean diet is not associated with birthweight - Results form a sample of Canarian pregnant women.; Background: the prevalence of overweight and obesity showed and increasing trend over the past few years. The burden of this epidemic represents a public health issue worldwide. Spain, and especially the Canary Islands, are not exempt. Pregnancy is a situation of weight gain, and the amount of such increase during gestation can affect the health status of both the mother and her baby. Thus, an optimal dietary style becomes of importance. Aim: given the benefits of the Mediterranean diet (MD) on various health outcomes, we aimed to study the adherence to this dietary pattern in a sample of Canarian pregnant women, and to investigate its association with their newborn's weight. Methods: adherence to MD as well as clinical history and anthropometrics were assessed in a sample of pregnant women followed at a Canarian hospital. Similarly, their newborn characteristics were studied. Results: our findings showed an overall low adherence to MD, with no association between this trend and birthweight. Conclusions: in conclusion, specific tools should be tailored to the target population to assess adherence to MD, and further efforts should be made to promote a healthy eating pattern and lifestyle among the pregnant population.
Adherence to the mediterranean diet and risk of breast cancer in the European prospective investigation into cancer and nutrition cohort study.; Epidemiological evidence suggests that the Mediterranean diet (MD) could reduce the risk of breast cancer (BC). As evidence from the prospective studies remains scarce and conflicting, we investigated the association between adherence to the MD and risk of BC among 335,062 women recruited from 1992 to 2000, in ten European countries, and followed for 11 years on average. Adherence to the MD was estimated through an adapted relative Mediterranean diet (arMED) score excluding alcohol. Cox proportional hazards regression models were used while adjusting for BC risk factors. A total of 9,009 postmenopausal and 1,216 premenopausal first primary incident invasive BC were identified (5,862 estrogen or progesterone receptor positive [ER+/PR+] and 1,018 estrogen and progesterone receptor negative [ER-/PR-]). The arMED was inversely associated with the risk of BC overall and in postmenopausal women (high vs. low arMED score; hazard ratio [HR] = 0.94 [95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.88, 1.00] ptrend = 0.048, and HR = 0.93 [95% CI: 0.87, 0.99] ptrend = 0.037, respectively). The association was more pronounced in ER-/PR- tumors (HR = 0.80 [95% CI: 0.65, 0.99] ptrend = 0.043). The arMED score was not associated with BC in premenopausal women. Our findings show that adherence to a MD excluding alcohol was related to a modest reduced risk of BC in postmenopausal women, and this association was stronger in receptor-negative tumors. The results support the potential scope for BC prevention through dietary modification.
Relationship between major dietary patterns and sarcopenia among menopausal women.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Dietary habits have been associated with the prevalence of the sarcopenia and limited data are available in this field for menopausal women. This study focused on the relationship between dietary patterns and prevalence of the sarcopenia in menopausal women. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was done in 250 menopausal women 45 years old or older. Dietary data were collected using a food-frequency questionnaire and physical activity was assessed by International Physical Activity Questionnaire (IPAQ). Height, weight, skeletal muscle mass, hand grip, and gait speed were measured and sarcopenia was defined based on European Working Group on Sarcopenia in Older People (EWGSOP) guidelines. RESULTS: Using factor analysis, two major dietary patterns were found: a Western pattern (high in commercial beverage, sugar and dessert, snacks, solid fat, potato, high fat dairy, legume, organ meat, fast food, and sweets) and a Mediterranean pattern (high in olive, low-fat dairy, vegetable, fish, nut, and vegetable oil). After adjusting for confounding variables, for the highest vs the lowest tertiles, the Odds Ratio (OR) for sarcopenia was 1.06 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.47-2.37] in the Western pattern and 0.40 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.17-0.89] in the Mediterranean pattern. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that Mediterranean dietary pattern has a favorable role in the prevention of sarcopenia.
A comparison of Mediterranean-style and MyPyramid diets on weight loss and inflammatory biomarkers in postpartum breastfeeding women.; BACKGROUND: Of postpartum women, 15%-20% retain ≥ 5 kg of their gestational weight gain, increasing risk for adult weight gain. Postpartum women are also in a persistent elevated inflammatory state. Both factors could increase the risk of obesity-related chronic disease. We hypothesized that breastfeeding women randomized to a Mediterranean-style (MED) diet for 4 months would demonstrate significantly greater reductions in body weight, body fat, and inflammation than women randomized to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) MyPyramid diet for Pregnancy and Breastfeeding (comparison diet). METHODS: A randomized, controlled dietary intervention trial was conducted in 129 overweight (body mass index [BMI] 27.2 ± 4.9 kg/m(2)), mostly exclusively breastfeeding (73.6%) women who were a mean 17.5 weeks postpartum. Dietary change was assessed using a validated Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) before and after intervention as well as plasma fatty acid measures (gas chromatography/flame ionization detector [GC/FID]). Anthropometric measurements and biomarkers of inflammation, tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) and interleukin-6 (IL-6), also were assessed at baseline and 4 months via enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). RESULTS: Participants in both diet groups demonstrated significant (p<0.001) reductions in body weight (-2.3 ± 3.4 kg and -3.1 ± 3.4 kg for the MED and comparison diets, respectively) and significant (p ≤ 0.002) reductions in all other anthropometric measurements; no significant between-group differences were shown as hypothesized. A significant decrease in TNF-α but not IL-6 was also demonstrated in both diet groups, with no significant between-group difference. CONCLUSIONS: Both diets support the promotion of postpartum weight loss and reduction in inflammation (TNF-α) in breastfeeding women.
Early Mediterranean-Based Nutritional Intervention Reduces the Rate of Gestational Diabetes in Overweight and Obese Pregnant Women: A Post-Hoc Analysis of the San Carlos Gestational Prevention Study.; Obesity is a risk factor for the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). However, the most optimal type of nutritional intervention to prevent GDM in high-risk women is not clearly defined. This study investigates if nutritional treatment based on the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) before the 12th gestational week (GW) in women at high risk due to a body mass index (BMI) ≥ 25 kg/m(2) reduces the rate of GDM and metabolic syndrome (MetS) at 3 years postpartum. We performed a post-hoc analysis of the San Carlos Gestational Prevention Study. A total of 735 women with BMI ≥ 25 kg/m(2) were evaluated between 2015 and 2018, with 246 in the standard diet control group (CG) and 489 in the MedDiet intervention group (IG). The rate of GDM was significantly lower in IG compared to CG (25.1% vs. 31.7%), relative risk (95% confidence interval), and 0.89 (0.78-0.99); p = 0.037. Postnatal follow-up was completed by 141 women in CG (57%) and 312 women in IG (64%). At 3 years postpartum, we observed a reduction in the rates of impaired fasting glucose (IFG) (0.51 (0.28-0.92); p = 0.019), obesity (0.51 (0.28-0.92); p = 0.041), waist circumference (WC) ≥ 89.5 cm (0.54 (0.31-0.94); p = 0.022), and MetS (0.56 (0.33-0.94); p = 0.003). MedDiet reduces the rate of GDM and postpartum MetS in women with BMI) ≥ 25 kg/m(2), suggesting that its implementation should be routinely recommended from the first GWs.
Mediterranean-type diet and risk of preterm birth among women in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa): a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Mediterranean diet has been shown to reduce the incidence of preterm birth. We wanted to investigate whether a Mediterranean-type diet (MD) could be associated with a lower risk of preterm birth in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa). METHODS: The data collection was conducted as part of MoBa at the Norwegian Institute of Public Health. In MoBa, women answer a Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) at week 18-22 of pregnancy. The MD criteria were intake of fish > or =2 times a week, fruit and vegetables > or =5 times a day, use of olive/canola oil, red meat intake < or = times 2 a week, and < or =2 cups of coffee a day. RESULTS: A total of 569 women (2.2%) met the MD criteria, 25,397 women (97.2%) met 1-4 criteria, and 159 women (0.01%) met none of the MD criteria. The number of preterm births in the MD group was 26 (4.6%), in those who met 1-4 criteria it was 1,148 (4.5%), and in those who met none of the criteria it was 10 (6.3%). The women who met the MD criteria did not have reduced risk of preterm birth compared with women meeting none of the MD criteria (OR: 0.73; 95% CI: 0.32, 1.68). Intake of fish twice or more a week was associated with a lower risk of preterm birth (OR: 0.84; 95% CI: 0.74, 0.95). CONCLUSIONS: The women who fulfilled the criteria of a MD did not have a reduced risk of preterm birth.
A High Adherence to Six Food Targets of the Mediterranean Diet in the Late First Trimester is Associated with a Reduction in the Risk of Materno-Foetal Outcomes: The St. Carlos Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Prevention Study.; A prenatal diet affects materno-foetal outcomes. This is a post hoc analysis of the St. Carlos gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) Prevention Study. It aims to evaluate the effect of a late first-trimester (>12 gestational weeks) degree of adherence to a MedDiet pattern-based on six food targets-on a composite of materno-foetal outcomes (CMFCs). The CMFCs were defined as having emergency C-section, perineal trauma, pregnancy-induced hypertension and preeclampsia, prematurity, large-for-gestational-age, and/or small-for-gestational-age. A total of 874 women were stratified into three groups according to late first-trimester compliance with six food targets: >12 servings/week of vegetables, >12 servings/week of fruits, <2 servings/week of juice, >3 servings/week of nuts, >6 days/week consumption of extra virgin olive oil (EVOO), and ≥40 mL/day of EVOO. High adherence was defined as complying with 5⁻6 targets; moderate adherence 2⁻4 targets; low adherence 0⁻1 targets. There was a linear association between high, moderate, and low adherence, and a lower risk of GDM, CMFCs, urinary tract infections (UTI), prematurity, and small-for-gestational-age (SGA) newborns (all p < 0.05). The odds ratios (95% CI) for GDM and CMFCs in women with a high adherence were 0.35((0.18⁻0.67), p = 0.002) and 0.23((0.11⁻0.48), p < 0.001), respectively. Late first-trimester high adherence to the predefined six food targets is associated with a reduction in the risk of GDM, CMFCs, UTI, prematurity, and SGA new-borns.
Association between a Mediterranean-type diet and risk of preterm birth among Danish women: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Thus far, few factors with a causal relation to preterm birth have been identified. Many studies have focused on the woman's diet, but most have been discouraging. The aim of the present study was to examine if maternal intake of a Mediterranean-type diet (MD) is associated with reduced risk of preterm birth. METHODS: The Danish National Birth Cohort assessed diet in mid-pregnancy by food frequency questionnaires (FFQ). Women consuming MD were those who ate fish twice a week or more, used olive or rape seed oil, consumed 5+ fruits and vegetables a day, ate meat (other than poultry and fish) at most twice a week, and drank at most 2 cups of coffee a day. RESULTS: Of 35,530 non-smoking women, 1,137 (3.2%) fulfilled all MD criteria, and 540 (1.5%) none. Odds ratios for preterm birth and early preterm birth were 0.61 (95% Confidence Interval (CI): 0.35-1.05) and 0.28 (0.11-0.76), respectively, in MD women compared to women fulfilling none of the MD criteria. CONCLUSION: Shifting towards a MD during pregnancy may reduce the risk of early delivery in Danish women.
Depressive symptoms in postmenopausal women: results from the MEDIS Study.; Data regarding the factors associated with depressive symptoms are limited, especially in postmenopausal women. The aim of this study was to investigate to what extent depressive symptoms were present in postmenopausal women, to explore characteristics associated with depressive symptoms and to determine if time since menopause was independently associated with depressive symptoms. Data collected within the Mediterranean Islands (MEDIS) Study, a health and nutrition survey of elderly people living on Mediterranean islands was used. A total of 851 postmenopausal women living in various Greek islands, Cyprus, and Malta participated in the study. Depressive symptoms were evaluated using the Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS). Age-adjusted logistic regression analysis showed that a year's increase in the time since menopause increased the likelihood of postmenopausal women having severe depressive symptoms by 3% (odds ratio [OR] per 1 year = 1.03, 95% CI 1.001-1.05). This positive association was also evident when other potential confounding factors (i.e, living conditions, financial status, physical activity, adherence to the Mediterranean diet, smoking habits, and several clinical conditions) were also taken into account in multivariable analyses. Primary health care practitioners and public health care authorities could use the findings of this study to identify depressive symptoms early in postmenopausal women.
Comparison of premenstrual symptoms, psychological well-being, and nutritional status between Palestinian women with and without polycystic ovarian syndrome: a case-control study.; BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is a widely seen reproductive and endocrinological disorder. PCOS can exert substantial effects on many aspects of an individual's life, including reproductive health and psychological well-being. The objective of this study was to assess the nutritional status, premenstrual syndrome, and mental health of women affected by PCOS in comparison to women without PCOS. METHODOLOGY: A case-control observational study in Palestine included 100 PCOS patients and 200 healthy women. The collected data included socio-demographic information, medical history, premenstrual syndrome, mental health, nutritional status, and lifestyle. Anthropometric measurement and the Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener (MEDAS) were used to evaluate the nutritional status. The General Health Questionnaire (12-GHQ) was used to evaluate the state of mental health. Premenstrual syndrome (PMS) severity was evaluated using a validated Arabic premenstrual syndrome questionnaire. RESULTS: The study's findings indicated that there was a statistically significant increase in the three dimensions of PMS among participants with PCOS, p < 0.05. Similarly, PCOS patients demonstrated elevated ratings across all aspects of mental health, p < 0.05. In terms of the other variables, it has been observed that PCOS patients have a notably greater prevalence of perceived sleep disturbances and decreased adherence to the Mediterranean diet. Regression analysis revealed that PCOS is associated with mental health problems indicated by a higher GHQ score (OR: 1.09; 95% CI: 1.03; 1.16, p < 0.05), lower adherence to the MD diet (OR: 0.86; 95% CI: 0.76; 0.98, p < 0.05), and pre-menstrual syndrome, especially the physical symptoms (OR: 1.06; 95% CI: 1.003; 1.12, p < 0.05) after adjusting for age, smoking, waist-hip ratio, and body mass index (BMI). CONCLUSION: The study has linked polycystic ovary syndrome to negative mental health outcomes and an increased severity of premenstrual syndrome (PMS). Additional investigation is required in order to establish a causal association between polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and lifestyle behaviors within the Palestinian population. Intervention and instructional studies are necessary to investigate the efficacy of management strategies in alleviating the effects of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) on both physical and mental well-being.
Adherence to Mediterranean dietary pattern and menopausal symptoms in relation to overweight/obesity in Spanish perimenopausal and postmenopausal women.; OBJECTIVE: This study aims to assess the relationship of adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern, as well as the presence of menopausal symptoms, with overweight/obesity in Spanish perimenopausal and postmenopausal women. METHODS: Participants in this cross-sectional study were 8,954 Spanish perimenopausal or postmenopausal women. Anthropometric measurements were recorded, and all women were interviewed to assess their adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern, using a validated questionnaire and the Menopause and Health subscale of the validated Cervantes Scale. A logistic regression model was used to investigate the association between categories of adherence to the Mediterranean diet and the odds of being overweight/obese. Multinomial logistic regression was used to study the association between menopausal symptoms and the odds of being overweight/obese (reference categories: participants in the low-adherence category and participants with no menopausal problems). RESULTS: After adjustment for relevant confounders, the odds ratio (95% CI) for being overweight/obese among women in the highest category of adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern was 0.68 (0.60-0.78; P for trend <0.001). The odds ratio (95% CI) for being overweight/obese was 3.05 (1.98-4.71) for the category "severe problems" in comparison with the category "no problems." CONCLUSIONS: Higher adherence to a healthy dietary pattern (Mediterranean diet) is inversely associated with overweight/obesity in perimenopausal and postmenopausal women. The occurrence of low to severe problems during perimenopause or postmenopause is positively associated with overweight/obesity. Therefore, high adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern and a body mass index of 25kg/m(2) or lower might improve quality of life in women at these stages.
The influence of an exercise program in middle-aged women on dietary habits. The FLAMENCO project.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the extent to which following an exercise training program can modify dietary habits and adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) compared with a counseling group. METHODS: These are secondary analyses from the FLAMENCO (Fitness League Against MENopause COst) project. The present randomized controlled trial included 150 perimenopausal women who were randomized into counseling (n = 75) or exercise (n = 75) groups. The counseling group attended conferences on a healthy lifestyle. The exercise group followed concurrently a 4-month (60 min/session, 3 d/wk) training and did not take part in the conferences. A validated food frequency questionnaire and the Mediterranean diet score were used to assess dietary habits and adherence to the MD, respectively. RESULTS: The fish/shellfish intake was reduced in the counseling group and increased in the exercise group, with a difference between groups of 1.16 servings/wk ( P < 0.01). The counseling group reduced their beer intake, and the exercise group increased it, with a difference between groups of 1.07 servings/wk ( P < 0.01). CONCLUSION: The exercise intervention did not have a significant impact on dietary habits or MD adherence scores in perimenopausal women. Notwithstanding, women in the exercise group increased their beer consumption, which might have been promoted by the social meetings after the exercise training.
Dairy Food Intake Is Associated with Reproductive Hormones and Sporadic Anovulation among Healthy Premenopausal Women.; BACKGROUND: Dairy food intake has been associated with infertility; however, little is known with regard to associations with reproductive hormones or anovulation. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether intakes of dairy foods and specific nutrients were associated with reproductive hormone concentrations across the cycle and the risk of sporadic anovulation among healthy women. METHODS: We prospectively measured serum reproductive hormones ≤8 times/menstrual cycle for 2 cycles from 259 regularly menstruating women (mean age: 27.3 y). Dairy food intake was assessed via 24-h dietary recalls 4 times/cycle. Dairy food intakes were assessed by 1) total and low- and high-fat dairy products; 2) dairy nutrients, including fat, lactose, calcium, and phosphorus; and 3) dairy foods, including milk, cheese, butter, cream, yogurt, and ice cream categories. Weighted linear mixed models were used to evaluate associations between dairy nutrients or food intakes and hormone concentrations. Modified Poisson regression models with robust error variance were used to evaluate anovulation. Models were adjusted for age, body mass index, race, physical activity, Mediterranean diet score, total energy, protein, fiber, caffeine, and other hormones. RESULTS: Each serving increase in total and low- and high-fat dairy foods and all increases in amounts of all dairy nutrients tested were associated with an ∼5% reduction in serum estradiol concentrations but were not associated with anovulation. Total and high-fat dairy food intakes were positively associated with serum luteinizing hormone concentrations. We observed associations between intakes of >0 servings of yogurt (RR: 2.1; 95% CI: 1.2, 3.7) and cream (RR: 1.8; 95% CI: 1.0, 3.2) and a higher risk of sporadic anovulation compared with no intake. CONCLUSIONS: Our study showed associations between increasing dairy food and nutrient intakes and decreasing estradiol concentrations as well as between cream and yogurt intakes and the risk of sporadic anovulation. These results highlight the potential role of dairy in reproductive function in healthy women.
Homocysteine Levels Show Significant Differences among Mediterranean Dietary Quality Index Variables Compared to Folate and Vitamin B(12) Status in Women.; Results of epidemiologic studies and clinical trials have shown that subjects following the Mediterranean diet had lower inflammatory markers such as homocysteine (Hcy). Therefore, the aim of this cross-sectional study was to assess female diet quality with the Mediterranean diet quality index (MDQI) and to determine the correlation between MDQI, homocysteine, folate and vitamin B12 levels in the blood. The study participants were 237 apparently healthy women (96 of reproductive age and 141 postmenopausal) between 25 and 93 years. For each participant, 24-hour dietary recalls for 3 days were collected, MDQI was calculated, and plasma Hcy, serum and erythrocyte folate and vitamin B12 levels were analysed. Total MDQI ranged from 8 to 10 points, which represented a medium-poor diet for the subjects. The strength of correlation using biomarkers, regardless of group type, age, gender and other measured parameters, was ranked from best (0.11) to worst (0.52) for olive oil, fish, fruits and vegetables, grains, and meat, in this order. Hcy levels showed the best response among all markers across all groups and food types. Our study shows significant differences between variables of the MDQI and Hcy levels compared to levels of folate and vitamin B12 in participants with medium-poor diet quality, as evaluated according to MDQI scores.
Dietary patterns in association with postpartum weight retention.; BACKGROUND: Postpartum weight retention (PPWR) can contribute to obesity development in women of reproductive age. Few studies have examined the association between postnatal diet and PPWR. OBJECTIVE: We examined both PPWR and substantial PPWR (≥4.55 kg) in association with the following dietary patterns: the alternate Mediterranean Diet Score (aMED) and the Alternative Healthy Eating Index-2010 (AHEI-2010). DESIGN: Women (n = 1136) in the Infant Feeding Practices Study II (2005-2007) self-reported their prepregnancy and postpartum weights at ~4, 7, 10, and 14 mo. Dietary patterns were calculated from a food-frequency questionnaire administered ~4 mo postpartum. Linear mixed models and generalized estimating equations for repeated measurements were used to examine PPWR and substantial PPWR, respectively, in association with the dietary patterns with adjustment for energy intake, breastfeeding, age, education, smoking, and marital status. RESULTS: At 14 mo postpartum, the mean (±SD) PPWR was 1.1 ± 6.7 kg, and 22.4% of women had substantial PPWR. Although the change in PPWR over time seemed to differ by diet quality 4-7 mo postpartum, no differences were ultimately observed in the total mean PPWR or probability of substantial PPWR across aMED and AHEI-2010 categories during the rest of the follow-up (P > 0.12). Instead, PPWR and substantial PPWR were associated with total energy intake (at ~7-14 mo postpartum: 0.97 kg/1000 kcal (95% CI: 0.40, 1.55 kg/1000 kcal); OR: 1.25/1000 kcal (95% CI: 1.03, 1.52/1000 kcal), respectively]. CONCLUSIONS: Postpartum diet quality assessed by 2 patterns was not associated with weight retention. Total energy intake, regardless of the diet composition, plays a more important role in weight retention.
Red clover and lifestyle changes to contrast menopausal symptoms in premenopausal patients with hormone-sensitive breast cancer receiving tamoxifen.; PURPOSE: To determine whether a red clover preparation plus dietary intervention administered to premenopausal women with breast cancer (BC), improves menopausal symptoms due to anti-oestrogen treatment, and hence promotes compliance with tamoxifen, prevents weight gain and is safe. METHODS: Surgically-treated premenopausal women with oestrogen receptor (ER) positive disease taking tamoxifen were recruited to a prospective double-blind randomized trial (NCT03844685). The red clover group (N = 42) received one oral tablet/day (Promensil(®) Forte) containing 80 mg red clover extract for 24 months. The placebo group (N = 39) received one oral tablet/day without active ingredient. All women were encouraged to follow a Mediterranean-type diet and keep active. Outcomes were Menopausal Rating Score (MRS), body mass index (BMI), waist and hip girth, insulin resistance, and levels of cholesterol, triglycerides, and sex hormones. As safety indicators, endometrial thickness, breast density, and effects of patient serum on ER-positive BC cell lines were investigated. RESULTS: MRS reduced significantly (p < 0.0001) with no between-group difference (p = 0.69). The red clover group had significantly greater reductions in BMI and waist circumference (p < 0.0001 both cases). HDL cholesterol increased significantly in both groups (p = 0.01). Hormone levels and insulin resistance changed little. Endometrial thickness remained constant (p = 0.93). Breast density decreased significantly in both groups (p < 0.0001). Proliferation and oestrogen-regulated gene expression didn't differ in cell lines treated with serum from each group. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first trial to assess red clover in BC patients on tamoxifen. The preparation proved safe clinically and in vitro, and was associated with reduced BMI and waist circumference, but the diet-lifestyle intervention probably improved the menopausal symptoms.
Mediterranean and western dietary patterns are related to markers of testicular function among healthy men.; STUDY QUESTION: Are there any associations of dietary patterns with semen quality, reproductive hormone levels, and testicular volume, as markers of testicular function? SUMMARY ANSWER: These results suggest that traditional Mediterranean diets may have a positive impact on male reproductive potential. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: The Mediterranean diet has been related to lower risk of multiple chronic diseases, but its effects on reproduction potential are unclear. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Cross-sectional sample of 215 male university students recruited from October 2010 to November 2011 in Murcia Region (Spain). PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Two hundred and nine healthy men aged 18-23 years were finally included in this analysis. Diet was assessed using a validated food frequency questionnaire, and dietary patterns were identified by factor analysis. Linear regression was used to analyze the relation between diet patterns with semen quality parameters, reproductive hormone levels and testicular volume adjusting for potential confounders. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: We identified two dietary patterns: a Mediterranean (characterized by high intakes of vegetables, fruits and seafood) and a Western pattern (characterized by high intakes of processed meats, French fries and snacks). The Mediterranean pattern was positively associated with total sperm count (P, trend = 0.04). The Western pattern was positively related to the percentage of morphologically normal sperm (P, trend = 0.008). We found an inverse association between adherence to the Western pattern and sperm concentration among overweight or obese men (P, trend = 0.04). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: As with all cross-sectional studies, causal inference is limited. However, participants were blinded to the study outcomes thus reducing the potential influenced their report of diet. Although we adjusted for a large number of known and suspected confounders, we cannot exclude the possibility of residual confounding or chance findings. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: This study was carried out on healthy and young men, so it is difficult to predict whether and how the observed differences in semen quality translate into reproductive success for men in couples trying to conceive. These results suggest that traditional Mediterranean diets may have a positive impact on male reproductive potential.
Healthful Dietary Patterns and the Risk of Hypertension Among Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Cohort Study.; Women who developed gestational diabetes mellitus represent a high-risk population for hypertension later in life. The role of diet in the progression of hypertension among this susceptible population is unknown. We conducted a prospective cohort study of 3818 women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus in the Nurses' Health Study II as part of the ongoing Diabetes & Women's Health Study. These women were followed-up from 1989 to 2011. Incident hypertension was identified through self-administered questionnaires that were validated previously by medical record review. Adherence scores for the alternative Healthy Eating Index 2010, the alternative Mediterranean diet, and the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension were computed for each participant. Cox proportional hazard models were used to evaluate the associations between dietary scores and hypertension while adjusting for major risk factors for hypertension. We documented 1069 incident hypertension cases during a median of 18.5 years of follow-up. After adjustment for major risk factors for hypertension, including body mass index, alternative Healthy Eating Index 2010, alternative Mediterranean diet, and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension scores were significantly inversely associated with the risk of hypertension; hazard ratio and 95% confidence interval comparing the extreme quartiles (highest versus lowest) were 0.76 (0.61-0.94; P for linear trend =0.03) for AHEI score, 0.72 (0.58-0.90; P for trend =0.01) for Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension score, and 0.70 (0.56-0.88; P for trend =0.002) for alternative Mediterranean diet score. Adherence to a healthful dietary pattern was related to a lower subsequent risk of developing hypertension among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
The Central European diet as an alternative to the Mediterranean diet in atherosclerosis prevention in postmenopausal obese women with a high risk of metabolic syndrome - a randomized nutrition-al trial.; BACKGROUND: Metabolic syndrome (MS) is a powerful risk factor for atherosclerosis (AT). The crucial meth- od of minimizing the development of atherosclerosis and its clinical manifestations is lifestyle modifications, including following a healthy diet. The aim of the study was to check if the Central European Diet (CED) could be an alternative to the Mediterranean Diet (MED) in the prevention of AT in patients with a risk of MS. METHODS: The randomized, single-blind nutritional trial involved 144 obese women with a risk of MS. The subjects were randomly assigned to two groups and followed MED (n = 72) or CED (n = 72) for 16 weeks. The concentrations of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and asymmetrical dimethylarginine (ADMA) were measured before and after nutritional intervention. RESULTS: In both studied groups, the concentrations of hs-CRP decreased significantly after the nutritional in- tervention (CED: p = 0.0107; MED: p = 0.0002). The ADMA levels were significantly lower after nutritional intervention in the CED group (p = 0.0187) but not in the MED group (p = 0.8354). However, the observed changes of hs-CRP concentrations (&Delta;hs-CRP) and ADMA levels (&Delta;ADMA) were not different between the groups (p = 0.5307 and p = 0.0905, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: In the Central European post-menopausal obese population, a well-designed, energy-restricted diet with the use of food items traditional for the region (CED) could be a good alternative to MED in terms of AT prevention.
The Importance of Being a 'Lark' in Post-Menopausal Women with Obesity: A Ploy to Prevent Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus?; Chronotype is defined as the behavioral manifestation of circadian rhythms related to the external light-dark cycle. Evening chronotype has been associated with an increased risk of developing cardiometabolic diseases in obesity. Menopause is a lifestage associated with an increased risk of developing cardiometabolic diseases and a change in circadian rhythmicity compared to pre-menopause. However, the prevalence of chronotype categories in menopause and their role in determining menopause-related cardiometabolic risk, mostly in obesity, have not been investigated. Thus, we aimed to investigate the prevalence of chronotype categories in post-menopausal women with obesity and their role in menopause-related cardiometabolic risk. In this cross-sectional study we enrolled 49 pre-menopausal and 74 post-menopausal women with obesity. Anthropometric parameters, lifestyle habits, adherence to the Mediterranean Diet (MD), sleep quality, chronotype and the presence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular diseases (CVD) were studied. No significance differences were detected in terms of lifestyle and adherence to the MD between pre- and post-menopausal women. Chronotype was classified as morning in 66 (53.6%), evening in 20 (16.3%) and intermediate in 37 (30.1%) women. In addition, pre-menopausal women with obesity showed a significantly higher chance to have an intermediate chronotype (OR = 2.21, 95% CI 1.28-3.83; p = 0.004), whereas post-menopausal women with obesity showed a trend to have a higher morning chronotype (OR = 1.42, 95% CI 0.98-2.06; p = 0.051), although this did not reach statistical significance. No significant differences were detected in terms of prevalence of evening chronotype between the two groups. However, the evening chronotype had a significantly higher risk to have T2DM compared to the morning (OR = 17.29, 95% CI 2.40-124.27; p = 0.005) and intermediate chronotypes (OR = 30.86, 95% CI 2.05-464.32; p = 0.013) in both pre- and post-menopausal women with obesity. In conclusion, the intermediate chronotype was significantly more prevalent in pre-menopausal women with obesity compared to post-menopausal women. Evening chronotype was associated to T2DM in both pre- and post-menopause. These results support the importance of including the assessment of chronotype in the management of women with obesity in post-menopause.
Effect of 1-y oral supplementation with vitaminized olive oil on platelets from healthy postmenopausal women.; OBJECTIVE: Olive oil is the main fat source in the Mediterranean diet and shows a protective role against aging and related diseases. Osteoporosis represents a serious health problem worldwide and is associated with an increased risk for fractures and mortality. Nutrition should be part of bone disease prevention strategies, especially in light of the aging population and the effect of diet on bone health. The aim of this study was to investigate whether oral supplementation with extra virgin olive oil (VOO) enriched with vitamins D(3), K(1), and B(6) (VitVOO) is able to modify some physicochemical and functional plasma membrane properties and nitrosative stress markers status. METHODS: In this single-center, randomized placebo-controlled trial, 60 postmenopausal women were administered either VitVOO or placebo (PlaVOO). After 1 y of oral supplementation, platelet membrane fluidity changes, Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase activity, serum nitric oxide, and peroxynitrite levels were determined in participants. RESULTS: After 1 y (time 1), women taking VitVOO showed lower nitric oxide levels than those taking PlaVOO; the same trend was found for peroxynitrite levels. As far as membrane fluidity was concerned, a significant decrease in anisotropy of diphenylhexatriene and trimethylammonium-diphenylhexatriene at time 1 in VitVOO participants compared with PlaVOO was found. Finally, Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase activity showed a significant increase after VitVOO supplementation. CONCLUSION: The supplementation of VitVOO into the diet of postmenopausal women could represent a proper tool for platelet function and a useful strategy against nitrosative stress and related diseases, thus confirming the antioxidant role played by the added vitamins.
Soy isoflavones improve insulin sensitivity without changing serum leptin among postmenopausal women.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of a soy isoflavone extract over insulin sensitivity and plasma leptin levels. METHODS: Eighty postmenopausal women were randomly assigned to participate for 24 months either to a physical exercise and Mediterranean diet program (Control group: CG) or this intervention plus a daily oral intake of a soy isoflavone extract (Soy isoflavone group: SIG). Anthropometry, body composition analysis, blood biochemistry, menopausal symptoms and health-related quality of life were assessed at baseline and every 6 months. RESULTS: Sixty-five women completed the protocol with no differences found among groups at baseline in age and time since the menopause. At month 24, body mass index (BMI) was lower in the SIG as compared to the CG. Fat mass, glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR, tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), Kupperman Index and Cervantes Scale values significantly decreased in the SIG as compared to baseline and to CG values. Kupperman scores and serum TNF-α levels significantly decreased in both studied groups. No changes in plasma leptin levels were observed after 24 months within and between groups. When analysis was stratified according to BMI values, changes in the aforementioned parameters displayed a similar trend; however, the impact over glucose, insulin and HOMA-IR values was more evident among obese women assigned to the SIG. CONCLUSION: Diet, physical exercise and a daily oral intake of soy isoflavones exerted a beneficial effect on the homeostatic model in postmenopausal women which was not related to significant changes in plasma leptin levels, despite a decrease in TNF-α, fat mass and Kupperman values.
Quantifying the mediating effect of body mass index on the relation between a Mediterranean diet and development of maternal pregnancy complications: the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health.; BACKGROUND: The contribution of body mass index (BMI) to the observed associations between dietary patterns and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) remains unclear. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to formally quantify the mediating effect of prepregnancy BMI in these associations. DESIGN: Women (aged 25-30 y) participating in the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health were not pregnant at baseline in 2003 and reported ≥1 pregnancy up to 2012. GDM and HDP diagnoses were self-reported for each pregnancy and validated in a subset. A Mediterranean diet score was created by use of a baseline-validated food-frequency questionnaire and dichotomized to reflect low adherence (<25th percentile) and higher adherence (≥25th percentile). A causal inference framework for mediation analysis was used to estimate total, natural direct, and natural indirect effects of the prepregnancy Mediterranean diet on incident GDM and HDP and proportions mediated through prepregnancy BMI. RESULTS: In 3378 women without a history of diabetes, 240 (7.1%) developed GDM. HDP was reported in 273 (8.6%) of 3167 women with no history of hypertension. Low adherence to the Mediterranean diet was associated with higher risk of GDM (OR: 1.35; 95% CI: 1.02, 1.60) and HDP (OR: 1.41; 95% CI: 1.18, 1.56), after adjustment for education, parity, polycystic ovary syndrome, energy intake, and physical activity. Proportions mediated through prepregnancy BMI (per 1-kg/m(2) increase) were 32% and 22% for GDM and HDP, respectively. CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that prepregnancy BMI as a single mediator contributes substantially to the total effects of the prepregnancy Mediterranean diet on GDM and HDP risk.
The Metabolic Benefits of Menopausal Hormone Therapy Are Not Mediated by Improved Nutritional Habits. The OsteoLaus Cohort.; Menopause alters body composition by increasing fat mass. Menopausal hormone therapy (MHT) is associated with decreased total and visceral adiposity. It is unclear whether MHT favorably affects energy intake. We aimed to assess in the OsteoLaus cohort whether total energy intake (TEI) and/or diet quality (macro- and micronutrients, dietary patterns, dietary scores, dietary recommendations)-evaluated by a validated food frequency questionnaire-differ in 839 postmenopausal women classified as current, past or never MHT users. There was no difference between groups regarding TEI or consumption of macronutrients. After multivariable adjustment, MHT users were less likely to adhere to the unhealthy pattern 'fat and sugar: Current vs. never users [OR (95% CI): 0.48 (0.28-0.82)]; past vs. never users [OR (95% CI): 0.47 (0.27-0.78)]. Past users exhibited a better performance in the revised score for Mediterranean diet than never users (5.00 ± 0.12 vs. 4.63 ± 0.08, p < 0.04). Differences regarding compliance with dietary recommendations were no longer significant after adjustment for covariates. Overall, these results argue against a major role of TEI and diet quality as possible mediators of the MHT metabolic benefits. Future research on this relationship should focus on other potential targets of MHT, such as resting energy expenditure and physical activity.
Comparing indices of diet quality with chronic disease mortality risk in postmenopausal women in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study: evidence to inform national dietary guidance.; Poor diet quality is thought to be a leading risk factor for years of life lost. We examined how scores on 4 commonly used diet quality indices-the Healthy Eating Index 2010 (HEI), the Alternative Healthy Eating Index 2010 (AHEI), the Alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMED), and the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-are related to the risks of death from all causes, cardiovascular disease (CVD), and cancer among postmenopausal women. Our prospective cohort study included 63,805 participants in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study (from 1993-2010) who completed a food frequency questionnaire at enrollment. Cox proportional hazards models were fit using person-years as the underlying time metric. We estimated multivariate hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals for death associated with increasing quintiles of diet quality index scores. During 12.9 years of follow-up, 5,692 deaths occurred, including 1,483 from CVD and 2,384 from cancer. Across indices and after adjustment for multiple covariates, having better diet quality (as assessed by HEI, AHEI, aMED, and DASH scores) was associated with statistically significant 18%-26% lower all-cause and CVD mortality risk. Higher HEI, aMED, and DASH (but not AHEI) scores were associated with a statistically significant 20%-23% lower risk of cancer death. These results suggest that postmenopausal women consuming a diet in line with a priori diet quality indices have a lower risk of death from chronic disease.
FADS1 and FADS2 polymorphism are associated with changes in fatty acid concentrations after calorie-restricted Central European and Mediterranean diets.; OBJECTIVE: In the present study, we tested whether calorie-restricted diets differing in their percentage of energy derived from monounsaturated fatty acids and carbohydrates can affect the metabolism of fatty acids (FAs) in postmenopausal women. Moreover, we examined whether polymorphisms of FADS1 and FADS2 are associated with these changes. METHODS: Postmenopausal women (the mean age: 60.5 ± 5.0 y) were randomized for 16 weeks to two different calorie-restricted diets: a Central European diet (CED) or a Mediterranean diet (MED). RESULTS: After the intervention, levels of most FAs in red blood cells decreased in both groups. The delta values for the 20:1n-9 and the 20:2n-6 levels differed between the CED and the MED (-1.55 ± 4.02 μg/mL vs 0.39 ± 4.11 μg/mL and -0.62 ± 10.93 μg/mL vs 3.06 ± 8.75 μg/mL; P < 0.05). Women in the CED group with at least one minor allele of FADS genes had greater decreases of α-linolenic acid, dihomo-γ-linolenic acid, total n-6, and total PUFA (by approximately 70%, 40%, 35%, and 35%, respectively) than did women with the major alleles. After the intervention, the change in the lipid accumulation product index was -28.28 ± 27.84 and -32.00 ± 78.55 in the CED and the MED group, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The effect of the dietary intervention on FA metabolism seems to depend mostly on calorie restriction, but not on type of diet. FADS1 and FADS2 gene polymorphisms can modify the response to the CED.
Effects of the traditional Mediterranean diet on adiponectin and leptin concentrations in men and premenopausal women: do sex differences exist?; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Most of the interventional studies have investigated the impact of the diet on adiponectin and leptin concentrations only in men or in women. Consequently, it is still unknown whether the consumption of a healthy diet influences in a sex-specific manner these adipocytokines. We examined sex differences in the effects of the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) on adiponectin and leptin concentrations, and determined whether changes in these adipocytokines are associated with changes in cardiovascular risk factors in both sexes. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Participants were 38 men and 32 premenopausal women (24-53 years) with slightly elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations (3.4-4.9 mmol/l) or total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C)⩾5.0. Adiponectin, leptin and cardiovascular risk factors were measured before and after a 4-week fully controlled isoenergetic MedDiet. RESULTS: Adiponectin concentration decreased in response to the MedDiet, but this decrease reached statistical significance only in men (P<0.001 for men and P=0.260 for women; sex-by-time interaction, P=0.072). Adjustments for body weight or waist circumference did not change results obtained. Changes in adiponectin were positively associated with concomitant variations in HDL-C in men (r=0.52, P=0.003) and with variations in apolipoprotein A-1 and insulin sensitivity as calculated by both the homeostasis model assessment index for insulin sensitivity and Cederholm indices in women (respectively, r=0.44, P=0.021; r=0.79, P<0.001 and r=0.47, P=0.020). The MedDiet had no impact on leptin and the leptin-to-adiponectin ratio in both sexes. CONCLUSIONS: Results suggest a sex difference in adiponectin response to the short-term consumption of the MedDiet, with only men experiencing a decrease. Also sex-specific patterns of associations between changes in adiponectin concentration and changes in cardiovascular risk factors were observed.
Association of physical fitness, body composition, cardiometabolic markers and adherence to the Mediterranean diet with bone mineral density in perimenopausal women. The FLAMENCO project.; This study aimed to analyse the association of different components of physical fitness, body composition, cardiometabolic markers and the Mediterranean diet with bone mineral density (BMD) in perimenopausal women, and to test which of these components are independently associated with BMD. The sample comprised 197 perimenopausal women (52.6 ± 4.5 years). Physical fitness was assessed with the "Senior Fitness Test" battery and the handgrip strength and Bruce tests. Fat and lean mass and BMD were measured using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. We analysed the markers of metabolic syndrome, C-reactive protein, and components of the Mediterranean diet. Handgrip muscle strength (β = 0.212, P = 0.005), body weight (β = 0.244, P = 0.001), BMI (β = 0.180, P = 0.011) and lean mass (β = 0.379, P < 0.001) were positively associated with BMD. No associations were observed between cardiometabolic markers or the Mediterranean diet with BMD (all P > 0.05). When all relevant indicators of BMD were simultaneously considered, lean mass was the only 1 showing an independent association with BMD (β = 0.392, P < 0.001), explaining 14% of the BMD variability. In conclusion, muscle strength might be a marker of BMD in perimenopausal women. However, lean mass was the only factor independently associated with BMD. Future research to determine whether increasing lean mass through specific exercise-based interventions contributes to increasing BMD is warranted.
Adherence to the Mediterranean diet is associated with handgrip strength in postmenopausal women.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess the possible association of adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) with muscle strength and body composition. METHODS: The cross-sectional study evaluated 112 postmenopausal women (aged 41-71 years). Fasting blood samples were obtained for biochemical/hormonal assessment. The Mediterranean Dietary Score (MedDietScore) was calculated and used to stratify adherence by tertiles (low [T1], moderate [T2] or high [T3]). Handgrip strength (HGS) was measured by dynamometry and body composition with dual-X-ray absorptiometry. RESULTS: Women with low-moderate MedDietScore (T1/T2) had lower HGS values than those with higher scores (19.5 ± 4.9 kg vs. 21.9 ± 3.9 kg, p = 0.023). A linear stepwise increase of HGS values per MedDietScore tertile was found (T1 vs. T2 vs. T3: 18.4 ± 4.4 kg vs. 20.6 ± 5.2 kg vs. 21.9 ± 3.9 kg, ANOVA p-value for linear trend = 0.009, ANCOVA p-value = 0.026). Multivariable models confirmed that HGS values were independently associated with the MedDietScore (β-coefficient = 0.266, p = 0.010). Lean mass values were associated with the MedDietScore (β-coefficient = 0.205, p = 0.040). All models were adjusted for age and cardiometabolic risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: The data suggest that the higher the adherence to the MD, the better the muscle strength and lean mass in postmenopausal women. Prospective studies are required to evaluate the significance of these observations in cardiovascular prevention strategies at midlife.
Effect of simple, targeted diet in pregnant women with metabolic risk factors on maternal and fetal outcomes (ESTEEM): study protocol for a pragmatic multicentre randomised trial.; INTRODUCTION: Women with metabolic risk factors are at higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Mediterranean-based dietary interventions have the potential to minimise these risks. We aim to evaluate the effectiveness of a simple, targeted intervention modelled on Mediterranean diet in preventing maternal and fetal complications in pregnant women with metabolic risk factors. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: Pregnant women with a singleton pregnancy <18 weeks gestation, and without pre-existing diabetes, chronic renal disease and autoimmune diseases will be recruited. Women with metabolic risk factors will be randomised to receive a dietary intervention based on a Mediterranean pattern, supplemented with extra virgin olive oil and mixed nuts until delivery. The intervention will be delivered through a series of one to one and group sessions. The primary outcome is a composite maternal outcome of pre-eclampsia or gestational diabetes and a composite fetal outcome of stillbirth, small for gestational age fetus or admission to the neonatal intensive care unit. Secondary outcomes include maternal, fetal, dietary and laboratory outcomes. We aim to randomise 1230 eligible women with metabolic risk factors. We will also compare the outcomes in women with and without these risk factors. The sample size will provide us with 80% power at 5% significance, assuming a 20% loss to follow-up to detect a 30% reduction in maternal and fetal complications. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: The ESTEEM trial is designed to provide a definitive estimate of the effects of Mediterranean dietary pattern in pregnancy on maternal and fetal outcomes. The pragmatic nature of ESTEEM ensures the applicability of its findings into clinical practice. The findings of the study will be published in peer-reviewed journals and presented at national and international scientific meetings and congresses. Ethical approval was granted by the NHS Research Ethics Committees (14/EE/1048). TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02218931; Pre-results.
The effect of prenatal maternal physical activity and lifestyle in perinatal outcome: results from a Greek study.; BACKGROUND: Several maternal characteristics, including lifestyle, have been associated with perinatal outcomes and birth anthropometric characteristics of the offspring. This study aimed to identify whether physical activity (PA) and other lifestyle parameters of the mother are associated with the pregnancy outcomes or with the infant's birth anthropometric characteristics. METHODS: Participants were recruited in Mitera Maternity Hospital, Athens, Greece. Socio-demographic, medical history and anthropometric assessment took place. PA during pregnancy was assessed with the Pregnancy Physical Activity Questionnaire. Dietary assessment was conducted with the Food Frequency Questionnaire and adherence to the Mediterranean diet was evaluated with the MedDiet score. Birth weight and gestational age data were also collected. RESULTS: Sedentary-intensity activity scores increased with increased educational level, while moderate-intensity activity scores decreased with increased educational level. Pregnant women who delivered large for gestational age infants had lower sports activity score. Higher vigorous and sports activity score was demonstrated in cases with a vaginal delivery compared with caesarean section. PA score was significantly and positively correlated with several nutrient intakes and PA was higher in women with a healthier nutritional pattern. Increased MedDiet scores were found in mothers with increased educational level. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, PA was higher in women with a healthier nutritional pattern. An increased vs. a low activity level during pregnancy is positively associated with vaginal delivery and with the size of the offspring.
Prepregnancy dietary patterns and risk of developing hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: results from the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs), including gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia, are common obstetric complications associated with adverse health outcomes for the mother and child. It remains unclear how dietary intake can influence HDP risk. OBJECTIVE: We investigated associations between prepregnancy dietary patterns and risk of HDPs. DESIGN: We selected 3582 women participating in the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health, which is an observational population-based study. Women were not pregnant at baseline in 2003 and reported at least one live birth between 2003 and 2012. Diet was assessed by using a validated 101-item food-frequency questionnaire in 2003, and factor analysis was used to identify dietary patterns. HDPs were assessed by using the question, "Were you diagnosed or treated for hypertension during pregnancy?" Generalized estimating equation models were used to estimate RRs (95% CIs) adjusted for dietary, reproductive, sociodemographic, and lifestyle factors. RESULTS: During 9 y of follow-up of 3582 women, 305 women (8.5%) reported a first diagnosis of HDPs in 6149 pregnancies. We identified 4 dietary patterns labeled as meat, high-fat, and sugar; Mediterranean-style; fruit and low-fat dairy; and cooked vegetables. In the adjusted model, the meat, high-fat, and sugar, fruit and low-fat dairy, and cooked vegetable dietary patterns were not associated with HDP risk. The Mediterranean-style dietary pattern (characterized by vegetables, legumes, nuts, tofu, rice, pasta, rye bread, red wine, and fish) was inversely associated with risk of developing HDPs (quartile 4 compared with quartile 1: RR, 0.58; 95% CI, 0.42, 0.81). CONCLUSIONS: In this population-based study of Australian women, we observed an independent protective dose-response association between prepregnancy consumption of a Mediterranean-style dietary pattern and HDP risk. Additional studies are recommended to confirm our findings by prospectively examining whether the implementation of the Mediterranean-style dietary pattern before pregnancy has a role in the prevention of HDPs.
The association of a combined healthy lifestyle with the risk of postmenopausal breast cancer subtypes in the Netherlands Cohort Study.; The association between combined healthy lifestyle and postmenopausal breast cancer risk has been studied in various cohort studies, but only few evaluated the association with estrogen/progesterone (ER/PR) receptor subtypes of breast cancer, with inconsistent results. The relationship of a healthy lifestyle score (HLS) with risk of postmenopausal breast cancer (subtypes) was investigated in the Netherlands Cohort Study. In 1986, 62,573 women aged 55-69 years provided information on dietary and lifestyle habits. The HLS was derived from information on smoking, body mass index, physical activity, Mediterranean diet adherence, and alcohol intake. After 20.3 years of follow-up, multivariable case-cohort analyses were based on 2321 incident breast cancer cases, and 1665 subcohort members with complete data on lifestyles and confounders. The HLS showed a statistically significant inverse relationship with postmenopausal breast cancer risk, in a linear fashion. A one-point increment of the HLS was accompanied by a Hazard Ratio (HR) reduction of 20% for overall breast cancer. The associations between HLS and risk of ER/PR breast cancer subtypes were also significantly inverse, except for ER- breast cancer where the inverse association did not reach statistical significance. Per HLS-increment of one point, the HR reduction ranged from 14% for ER-breast cancer to 29% for ER + PR- breast cancer. These findings suggest that adhering to a combination of healthy modifiable lifestyle factors may substantially reduce the risk of overall postmenopausal breast cancer and its hormone receptor subtypes.
Fruit, Mediterranean-style, and high-fat and -sugar diets are associated with the risk of night sweats and hot flushes in midlife: results from a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Diet has been suggested to be a potential risk factor for vasomotor menopausal symptoms (VMSs), ie, hot flushes and night sweats. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the associations between dietary patterns and risk of VMSs by using data from middle-aged women born between 1946 and 1951 in the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health. DESIGN: A prospective cohort study of 6040 women with a natural menopause were followed up at 3-y intervals over 9 y. Dietary intake was assessed at baseline in 2001, and the presence of VMSs was assessed at baseline and follow-up. Factor analysis and generalized estimating equation models for binary repeated measures were performed. RESULTS: Six dietary patterns were identified from factor analysis: cooked vegetables, fruit, Mediterranean style, meat and processed meat, dairy, and high fat and sugar. A higher consumption of the fruit or Mediterranean-style diet was inversely associated with VMSs in a comparison of the top with the bottom quintile, with adjusted ORs of 0.81 (95% CI: 0.71, 0.93; P-trend = 0.0009) and 0.80 (95% CI: 0.69, 0.92; P-trend = 0.0004), respectively. The high-fat and -sugar pattern increased the risk of VMSs in a comparison of the top with the bottom quintile, with an adjusted OR of 1.23 (95% CI: 1.05, 1.44; P-trend = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of a fruit or Mediterranean-style diet decreased the risk of reporting VMSs, whereas consumption of a high-fat and -sugar diet increased the risk of VMSs. These results may eventually lead to a basis for the development of dietary preventive measures for VMSs.
Association between the adherence to the Mediterranean diet and overweight and obesity in pregnant women in Gran Canaria.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the impact of the Mediterranean diet (MD) on weight gain and obesity in pregnant women in Gran Canaria. METHODS: Cross sectional study in 170 pregnant women We measured the adherence to the MD before and during pregnancy by a food frequency questionnaire. Body mass index (BMI) was determined in the first prenatal visit. Appropriate weight gain was calculated according to the recommendations set by the American Institute of Medicine. We established the association between the degree of compliance with the MD and the increase in BMI (regression coefficients [b] and their confidence intervals (CI) ([95% CI]) and weight gain (Odds ratios [OR] and their 95% CI) during pregnancy. RESULTS: Women with a high baseline adherence to the Mediterranean diet gained less weight during pregnancy (b -1.54; CI 95% -2.53 to -0.56) than women with poor adherence. One point increase in the adherence to this diet during pregnancy was associated with an enhanced probability of appropriate weight gain (OR 1.39; CI 95%1.06 to 1.82). CONCLUSIONS: A high baseline adherence to the MD may protect against overweight and obesity during pregnancy. Intensifying this habit during gestation can increase the probability of an appropriate weight gain.
Dietary Patterns and Fractures in Postmenopausal Women: Results From the Women's Health Initiative.; IMPORTANCE: Considerable efforts have been undertaken to relate single nutrients to bone health. To this point, results are inconsistent. Suboptimal single nutrient intake does not occur in isolation but rather reflects a poor diet quality. OBJECTIVE: To assess the association between adherence to a diet quality index constructed on the basis of dietary recommendations or existing healthy dietary patterns and fractures in postmenopausal women. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Post hoc analysis was conducted of longitudinal data from 40 clinical centers throughout the United States included in the Women's Health Initiative (WHI) observational study. Participants in the prospective cohort included 93 676 women who were eligible for the WHI if they were aged 50 to 79 years. Recruitment was conducted from October 1, 1993, to December 31, 1998, with the study ending August 29, 2014. The WHI food frequency questionnaire was used to derive nutrient and food intake at baseline. Diet quality and adherence were assessed by scores on the alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMED), a 9-category measure of adherence to a Mediterranean dietary pattern; the Healthy Eating Index 2010 (HEI-2010), a 100-point measure of 12 food components; the 11-item Alternate Healthy Eating Index 2010 (AHEI-2010); or the 8-component Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet score. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Outcome measures included incident total and hip fractures. Hazard ratios (HRs) by quintiles of dietary index scores were estimated using Cox proportional hazards regression analyses. RESULTS: Of the 93 676 participants, 90 014 were included in the analysis (mean [SD] age, 63.6 [7.4]) years. During a median follow-up time of 15.9 years, there were 2121 cases of hip fractures and 28 718 cases of total fractures. Women scoring in the highest quintile (Q5) of the aMED index had a lower risk for hip fractures (HR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.66-0.97), with an absolute risk reduction of 0.29% and a number needed to treat of 342 (95% CI, 249-502). No association between the aMED score and total fractures was observed (Q5 HR, 1.01; 95% CI, 0.95-1.07). Higher HEI-2010 or DASH scores tended to be inversely related to hip fracture risk, but the results were nonsignificant (Q5 HR, 0.87; 95% CI, 0.75-1.02; and Q5 HR, 0.89; 95% CI, 0.75-1.06, respectively). The AHEI-2010 score was associated with neither hip nor total fractures. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Higher adherence to a Mediterranean diet is associated with a lower risk for hip fractures. These results support that a healthy dietary pattern may play a role in maintaining bone health in postmenopausal women.
Genistein and endothelial function in postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Previous data have suggested that genistein could exert beneficial effects on endothelial function and on predictors of cardiovascular risk in healthy postmenopausal women. In a randomized clinical trial, we studied the effects of genistein on endothelial function in postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome (MS). METHODS: Twenty postmenopausal women with MS, according to modified NCEP-ATP III criteria were randomly assigned to receive placebo or genistein (54 mg/day) for 6 months, along with a Mediterranean-style diet. Postmenopausal women without MS (n = 15), served as controls. The primary goal was the assessment of endothelial function by flow-mediated vasodilation (FMD) of brachial artery; moreover, time-to-peak dilation in the FMD response has been evaluated. Secondary outcomes were fasting glucose, fasting insulin, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, visfatin, adiponectin and homocysteine blood levels. Data on adverse events were also recorded. RESULTS: After 6 months of treatment, FMD at 50s and peak FMD significantly increased in genistein recipients compared with placebo. Moreover, genistein significantly decreased the blood levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides, homocysteine and visfatin compared with placebo, while blood adiponectin levels were increased. Genistein recipients neither experienced more side-adverse effects than placebo nor discontinued the study. CONCLUSIONS: Six months of treatment with genistein effectively improves brachial artery flow-mediated vasodilation in postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome.
Diet Quality Scores Inversely Associated with Postmenopausal Breast Cancer Risk Are Not Associated with Premenopausal Breast Cancer Risk in the California Teachers Study.; BACKGROUND: Evidence for the association between diet and breast cancer risk is inconsistent Thus, research that compares indexes of overall diet quality may provide new insight. OBJECTIVE: We examined the association between diet quality indexes and pre- and postmenopausal breast cancer risk in a large prospective cohort. METHODS: This was a prospective analysis of 96,959 women, aged 22-104 y, in the California Teachers Study cohort (1995-2011). Diet quality was characterized by 4 different indexes. Specifically, we examined Alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMED), Alternative Healthy Eating Index-2010 (AHEI-2010), Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), and Paleolithic index (PALEO) scores with the risk of developing breast cancer. We used multivariable Cox proportional hazards regression models to derive HRs and 95% CIs for breast cancer risk. RESULTS: In the analysis of 42,517 women at risk of premenopausal breast cancer, there was no association between any of the indexes and incident breast cancer (346 cases). In the analysis of 54,442 women at risk of postmenopausal breast cancer at baseline, higher AHEI-2010, aMED, and DASH scores were inversely associated with incident breast cancer (3523 incident cases). Respectively, HRs (95% CIs) comparing quintile 5 to quintile 1 (reference) for AHEI-2010, aMED, and DASH indexes were 0.87 (0.78, 0.97; P-trend = 0.004), 0.91 (0.82, 1.02; P-trend = 0.03), and 0.89 (0.80, 1.00; P-trend = 0.03). The PALEO score was not associated with postmenopausal breast cancer (HR for quintile 5 compared with quintile 1: 1.05; 95% CI: 0.94, 1.17). CONCLUSIONS: Diet quality indexes that emphasize intake of whole grains, vegetables, fruits, legumes, and nuts and seeds and de-emphasize red and processed meats and sugar-sweetened beverages were modestly associated with a lower risk of incident postmenopausal breast cancer risk. However, they were not associated with premenopausal breast cancer, and the PALEO score was not associated with cancer risk regardless of menopausal status.
NMR-metabolomics profiling of mammary gland secretory tissue and milk serum in two goat breeds with different levels of tolerance to seasonal weight loss.; Goats are of special importance in the Mediterranean and tropical regions for producing a variety of dairy products. The scarcity of pastures during the dry season leads to seasonal weight loss (SWL), which affects milk production. In this work, we studied the effect of feed-restriction on two dairy goat breeds, with different tolerance levels to SWL: the Majorera breed (tolerant) and the Palmera breed (susceptible). Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) was used to compare the metabolome of an aqueous fraction of the mammary gland and milk serum from both breeds. Goats in mid-lactation were divided by breed, and each in two feed-regime groups: the control group and the restricted-fed group (to achieve 15-20% reduction of body weight at the end of the experiment). Milk and mammary gland samples were collected at the end of the experimental period (23rd day). (1)H NMR spectra were collected from the aqueous extract of the mammary gland biopsies and the milk serum. Profiling analysis has led to the identification of 46 metabolites in the aqueous extract of the mammary gland. Lactose, glutamate, glycine and lactate were found to be the most abundant. Analysis of milk serum allowed the identification of 50 metabolites, the most abundant being lactose, citrate and creatine. Significant differences were observed, in mammary gland biopsies and milk serum, between control and restricted-fed groups in both breeds, albeit with no differences between the breeds. Variations seem to be related to metabolism adaptation to the low-energy diet and are indicative of breed-specific microflora. Milk serum showed more metabolites varying between control and restricted groups, than the mammary gland. The Majorera breed also showed more variations than the Palmera breed in milk samples, which could be an indication of a prompt adaptation to SWL by the Majorera breed.
Conformity to traditional Mediterranean diet and breast cancer risk in the Greek EPIC (European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition) cohort.; BACKGROUND: Studies in the United States report inverse associations of the Mediterranean dietary pattern with breast cancer risk, and several studies in Mediterranean countries indicate inverse associations of breast cancer risk with intake of olive oil, a constitutional component of this diet. No study, however, has evaluated the association of the traditional Mediterranean diet with breast cancer in a Mediterranean country. OBJECTIVE: We studied the relation of conformity to the Mediterranean diet with breast cancer risk in the context of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition cohort in Greece. DESIGN: We followed up 14,807 women for an average of 9.8 y and identified 240 incident breast cancer cases. Diet was assessed through a validated food-frequency questionnaire, and conformity to the Mediterranean diet was evaluated through a score (range = 0-9 points) incorporating the characteristics of this diet. RESULTS: Increasing conformity to the Mediterranean diet was not associated with lower breast cancer risk in the entire cohort [hazard ratio (HR) = 0.88 for every 2 points; 95% CI: 0.75, 1.03] or in premenopausal women (HR = 1.01 for every 2 points; 95% CI: 0.80, 1.28), but there was a marginally significant inverse association among postmenopausal women (HR = 0.78 for every 2 points; 95% CI: 0.62, 0.98; P for interaction by menopausal status = 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Conformity to the traditional Mediterranean diet may be associated with lower breast cancer risk among postmenopausal women and could explain, in part, the lower incidence of this disease in Mediterranean countries.
Short-Chain Fatty Acid Reference Ranges in Pregnant Women from a Mediterranean Region of Northern Spain: ECLIPSES Study.; Maternal short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) play a critical role in fetal development and metabolic programming. However, an important gap in the analysis of such relationships is the lack of reference values in pregnant women. Therefore, we establish serum SCFA percentile reference ranges both early and later in pregnancy in a population from a Mediterranean region of Northern Spain. A population-based follow-up study involving 455 healthy pregnant women (mean age 30.6 ± 5.0 years) from the ECLIPSES study is conducted. Sociodemographic, obstetric, anthropometric, lifestyle, dietary variables and blood samples were collected in the first and third trimesters. Serum SCFA concentrations were measured by LC-MS/MS. The 2.5/97.5 percentiles of the reference interval for serum acetic, propionic, isobutyric, and butyric acids were 16.4/103.8 µmol/L, 2.1/5.8 µmol/L, 0.16/1.01 µmol/L and 0.32/1.67 µmol/L in the first trimester of pregnancy, respectively. In the third trimester, butyrate levels increased with most of the maternal factors and categories studied, while acetic acid and isobutyric acid decreased only in some maternal categories. Propionic acid was not affected by maternal factors. Reference ranges did not vary with maternal age, body weight, social class or diet, but decreased with smoking, high physical activity, low BMI and primiparity. This study establishes for the first-time SCFAs reference ranges in serum for women in our region in both early and late pregnancy. This information can be useful to monitor pregnancy follow-up and detect risk values.
Dairy Consumption and Incidence of Breast Cancer in the 'Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra' (SUN) Project.; Dairy products might influence breast cancer (BC) risk. However, evidence is inconsistent. We sought to examine the association between dairy product consumption-and their subtypes-and incident BC in a Mediterranean cohort. The SUN ("Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra") Project is a Spanish dynamic ongoing cohort of university graduates. Dairy product consumption was estimated through a previously validated 136-item food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Incident BC was reported in biennial follow-up questionnaires and confirmed with revision of medical records and consultation of the National Death Index. Hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated with Cox regression models. Among 123,297 women-years of follow-up (10,930 women, median follow-up 12.1 years), we confirmed 119 incident BC cases. We found a nonlinear association between total dairy product consumption and BC incidence (p(nonlinear) = 0.048) and a significant inverse association for women with moderate total dairy product consumption (HR(Q2vs.Q1) = 0.49 (95% CI 0.28-0.84); HR(Q3vs.Q1) = 0.49 (95% CI 0.29-0.84) p(trend) = 0.623) and with moderate low-fat dairy product consumption (HR(Q2vs.Q1) = 0.58 (95% CI 0.35-0.97); HR(Q3vs.Q1) = 0.55 (95% CI 0.32-0.92), p(trend) = 0.136). In stratified analyses, we found a significant inverse association between intermediate low-fat dairy product consumption and premenopausal BC and between medium total dairy product consumption and postmenopausal BC. Thus, dairy products, especially low-fat dairy products, may be considered within overall prudent dietary patterns.
Effect of nut consumption on semen quality and functionality in healthy men consuming a Western-style diet: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Human semen quality has declined in industrialized countries. Pollution, smoking, and the consumption of a Western-style diet are all hypothesized as potential causes. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the effect of chronic consumption of nuts on changes in conventional semen parameters and the potential mechanisms implicated. DESIGN: The FERTINUTS study was a 14-wk randomized, controlled, parallel trial. A total of 119 healthy men, aged 18-35 y, were allocated to 1 of 2 intervention groups: one group was fed the usual Western-style diet enriched with 60 g of a mixture of nuts/d (nut group), and the other was fed the usual Western-style diet avoiding nuts (control group). Semen and blood samples were collected at baseline and at the end of the intervention. Dietary information was recorded throughout the trial. Changes in conventional semen parameters (pH, volume, sperm count and concentration, motility, and morphology) were determined as primary outcomes. The effect of nut consumption on sperm DNA fragmentation (SDF), reactive oxygen species (ROS) production, chromosome anomalies (X, Y, and 18), total DNA methylation, and microRNA expression were measured in sperm samples as potential causes of the changes in the seminogram. RESULTS: Compared with the control group, improvements in total sperm count (P = 0.002) and vitality (P = 0.003), total motility (P = 0.006), progressive motility (P = 0.036), and morphology of sperm (P = 0.008) were observed in the nut group. Participants in the nut group showed an increase in the consumption of total fat, monounsaturated fatty acids, polyunsaturated fatty acids, magnesium, vitamin E, α-linolenic acid, total omega-3 (n-3) and ω-3:ω-6 ratio intake during the intervention. Participants in the nut group showed a significant reduction in SDF (P < 0.001) and in the expression of hsa-miR-34b-3p (P = 0.036). No significant changes in ROS, sperm chromosome anomalies, or DNA methylation were observed between groups. CONCLUSIONS: The inclusion of nuts in a Western-style diet significantly improves the total sperm count and the vitality, motility, and morphology of the sperm. These findings could be partly explained by a reduction in the sperm DNA fragmentation. This trial was registered at ISRCTN as ISRCTN12857940.
Healthful dietary patterns and type 2 diabetes mellitus risk among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has reached epidemic proportions. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk for T2DM after pregnancy. Adherence to healthful dietary patterns has been inversely associated with T2DM in the general population; however, whether these dietary patterns are associated with progression to T2DM among a susceptible population is unknown. METHODS: Four thousand four hundred thirteen participants from the Nurses' Health Study II cohort with prior GDM were followed up from 1991 to 2005. We derived the alternate Mediterranean diet (aMED), Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), and alternate Healthy Eating Index (aHEI) dietary pattern adherence scores from a post-GDM validated food-frequency questionnaire, with cumulative average updating every 4 years. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models estimated the relative risk (hazard ratios) and 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: We observed 491 cases of incident T2DM during 52 743 person-years. All 3 patterns were inversely associated with T2DM risk with adjustment for age, total calorie intake, age at first birth, parity, ethnicity, parental diabetes, oral contraceptive use, menopause, and smoking. When we compared participants with the highest adherence (quartile 4) vs lowest (quartile 1), the aMED pattern was associated with 40% lower risk of T2DM (hazard ratio, 0.60 [95% CI, 0.44-0.82; P=.002]); the DASH pattern, with 46% lower risk (0.54 [0.39-0.73; P.001]); and the aHEI pattern, with 57% lower risk (0.43 [0.31-0.59; P.001]). Adjustment for body mass index moderately attenuated these findings. CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to healthful dietary patterns is associated with lower T2DM risk among women with a history of GDM. The inverse associations are partly mediated by body mass index.
The ovine hepatic mitochondrial proteome: Understanding seasonal weight loss tolerance in two distinct breeds.; Seasonal weight loss (SWL) is a primary constraint for farmers in the Mediterranean and tropics. One cost-effective solution to SWL is utilizing breeds like the Damara sheep that have adapted to deal with nutritional stress. Previous studies concluded that one of the adaptation mechanisms of SWL is a specialized fatty acid metabolism. Accordingly, hepatic-mitochondrial proteomes were compared across two different breeds (24 sheep total, Merino, n = 12 and Damara, n = 12) and two different diets (restricted vs unrestricted diet, 6 per breed, per diet, 24 total). Mitochondrial-proteins were isolated and relatively quantified using Blue native PAGE / 2D-electrophoresis and then analyzed via mass spectrometry. The tool ReviGO summarized the proteomes' gene-ontology terms. A total of 50 proteins were identified with 7 changing significantly in abundance (ANOVA p-value<0.05). Specific abundance patterns of corticosteroid and inflammatory response-associated proteins such as annexin and glutamate dehydrogenase suggests that the Damara has an unusual inflammation response when subjected to SWL in addition to its unique metabolism. All significant proteins warrant further study; Annexin in particular shows promise as a potentially useful biomarker.
Dietary factors and luteal phase deficiency in healthy eumenorrheic women.; STUDY QUESTION: Are prospectively assessed dietary factors, including overall diet quality, macronutrients and micronutrients, associated with luteal phase deficiency (LPD) in healthy reproductive aged women with regular menstrual cycles? SUMMARY ANSWER: Mediterranean Diet Score (MDS), fiber and isoflavone intake were positively associated with LPD while selenium was negatively associated with LPD after adjusting for age, percentage body fat and total energy intake. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: LPD may increase the risk of infertility and early miscarriage. Prior research has shown positive associations between LPD and low energy availability, either through high dietary restraint alone or in conjunction with high energy expenditure via exercise, but few studies with adequate sample sizes have been conducted investigating dietary factors and LPD among healthy, eumenorrheic women. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: The BioCycle Study (2005-2007) prospectively enrolled 259 women from Western New York state, USA, and followed them for one (n = 9) or two (n = 250) menstrual cycles. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Women aged 18-44 years, with self-reported BMI between 18 and 35 kg/m(2) and cycle lengths between 21 and 35 days, were included in the study. Participants completed baseline questionnaires, four 24-h dietary recalls per cycle and daily diaries capturing vigorous exercise, perceived stress and sleep; they also provided up to eight fasting serum samples during clinic visits timed to specific phases of the menstrual cycle using a fertility monitor. Cycles were included for this analysis if the peak serum luteal progesterone was >1 ng/ml and a urine or serum LH surge was detected. Associations between prospectively assessed diet quality, macronutrients and micronutrients and LPD (defined as luteal duration <10 days) were evaluated using generalized linear models adjusting for age, percentage body fat and total energy intake. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: LPD occurred in 41 (8.9%) of the 463 cycles from 246 women in the final analysis. After adjusting for age, percentage body fat and total energy intake, LPD was positively associated with MDS, adjusted odds ratio (aOR): 1.70 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.17, 2.48), P = 0.01. In separate macro- and micronutrient adjusted models, increased fiber and isoflavone intake showed modest positive associations with LPD: fiber (per g), aOR: 1.10 (95% CI: 0.99, 1.23), P = 0.07; and isoflavones (per 10 mg), aOR: 1.38 (95% CI: 0.99, 1.92), P = 0.06. In contrast, selenium (per 10 mcg) was inversely associated with LPD, aOR: 0.80 (95% CI: 0.65, 0.97), P = 0.03. Additional adjustments for relevant lifestyle factors including vigorous exercise, perceived stress and sleep did not appreciably alter estimates. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: The number of LPD cycles was limited, and thus these findings are exploratory. We relied on participant self-report of their medical history to apply exclusion criteria; it is possible that we admitted to the study women with a gynecologic or medical disease who were unaware of their diagnosis. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Our study suggests that diet quality may be associated with LPD among healthy eumenorrheic women. As LPD may contribute to infertility and early miscarriage, further research is warranted to elucidate how dietary factors, such as MDS, may influence LPD. The inverse association we found with selenium is supported by previous research and deserves further investigation to determine whether this finding has pathophysiologic and therapeutic implications. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTERESTS: This work was supported by the Intramural Research Program, Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, National Institutes of Health. No competing interests declared.
Mediterranean diet as a protective factor for wheezing in preschool children.; OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that the Mediterranean diet can be a protective factor for current wheezing in preschoolers. STUDY DESIGN: Questionnaires were completed by parents of 1784 preschoolers (mean age, 4.08 +/- 0.8 years). Children were stratified according to whether they experienced wheezing (20.0%) or not in the previous year. A Mediterranean diet score was built according to the intake frequency of several foods. RESULTS: Age, birth by cesarean section, low birth weight, exposure to livestock during pregnancy, antibiotic use in the first year of life, acetaminophen consumption in the previous 12 months, rhinoconjunctivitis, eczema, parental asthma and tobacco consumption, maternal educational level, maternal age, physical activity, cat at home, and Mediterranean diet were associated with current wheezing but not with obesity. In the multivariate analysis, eczema, rhinoconjunctivitis, paternal asthma, and acetaminophen consumption remained risk factors for current wheezing (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] = 2.35 [95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.2 to 4.8], 2.78 [95% CI =1.3 to 6.1], 3.89 [95% CI = 1.4 to 10.7], and 2.38 [95% CI = 1.2 to 4.6], respectively). Conversely, Mediterranean diet and older age remained protective factors (aOR = 0.54 [95% CI = 0.3 to 0.9] and 0.67 [95% CI = 0.5 to 0.9], respectively). CONCLUSIONS: The Mediterranean diet is an independent protective factor for current wheezing in preschoolers, irrespective of obesity and physical activity.
Condition-dependent effects of mating on longevity and fecundity of female Medflies: the interplay between nutrition and age of mating.; BACKGROUND: In various species mating exerts direct and indirect effects on female demographic traits ranging from life span shortening to behavioural shifts. A wealth of data regarding effects of nutrition on longevity and reproduction output also exists. Nonetheless, little is known regarding the interaction between the age of mating and nutrition on female fitness. METHODOLOGY: We studied, the effects of protein deprivation and age of mating on female fitness traits, using a wild population of the Mediterranean fruit fly (medfly). We tested the hypotheses that (a) protein availability increases female lifespan and fecundity, (b) female longevity and egg production are independent of mating and the age of mating, and (c) female mating behaviour is independent of their age and nutritional status. Thus, we recorded the mating success and the copulation characteristics, as well as the egg production and survival of females mated at young or at old age and fed a full or a protein-deprived diet. RESULTS: Mating boosts egg production and reduces longevity of protein-fed females. On the contrary, mating increases the longevity of protein-deprived females. Mortality responses (negative or positive) to mating are expressed after a long lag phase. Old females are more receptive and less selective than young females regardless of the food regime. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that condition (nutritional status and age) defines the positive or negative output of mating in female medflies. These results contribute towards understanding the effects of mating, aging, resource allocation and their interactions on survival and female reproduction.
Mother's age at menarche is associated with odds of preterm delivery: A case-control study.; OBJECTIVE: There is a secular trend towards earlier age of menarche in the US and globally. Earlier age at menarche (AAM) has been associated with metabolic disorders that increase risk for preterm delivery (PTD), yet no studies in the US have investigated whether AAM influences risk of PTD. This study tested the hypothesis that AAM is associated with PTD. DESIGN: A case-control study. SETTING: The Boston Medical Center (BMC) in Boston, Massachusetts. POPULATION OR SAMPLE: 8264 mother-newborn dyads enrolled at birth at BMC between 1998 and 2019, of which 2242 mothers had PTD (cases) and 6022 did not have PTD (controls). METHODS: Multivariable-adjusted logistic regression models and restricted cubic splines were used to examine the association between AAM and risk of PTD. The combined impact of AAM and age at delivery on the risk of PTD was also examined. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Preterm delivery and gestational age (GA) was defined by maternal last menstrual period and early ultrasound documented in medical records. RESULTS: Maternal age at delivery was 28.1 ± 6.5 years and AAM was 12.85 ± 1.86 years. Multivariable-adjusted cubic spline suggested an inverse dose-response association of AAM with odds of PTD and, consistently, a positive association with GA. A 1-year earlier AAM was associated with 5% (95% CI 2%-8%) higher odds of PTD, after adjustment for maternal year of birth, parity, maternal place of birth, education, smoking status and Mediterranean-style diet score. The association between AAM and PTD was stronger among older mothers whose age at delivery was ≥35 years. CONCLUSIONS: Earlier AAM is associated with higher odds for PTD, and this association is stronger among women at advanced reproductive age.
Longitudinal Study Depicting Differences in Complementary Feeding and Anthropometric Parameters in Late Preterm Infants up to 2 Years of Age.; Ensuring the nutritional demands of preterm (PT) infants during complementary feeding could contribute significantly to the infants' long-term health and development. However, the dietary guidelines for complementary feeding in PT are scarce. Thus, describing dietary intake and identifying nutritional targets for these infants could be of great interest. The aim of this study is to assess the food intake and anthropometric parameters in a Mediterranean infant cohort from 6 to 24 months and to identify nutritional targets especially focused on late preterm infants. This is a longitudinal prospective study analyzing information from administered questionnaires about general characteristics and food frequency consumption in 115 infants (20 PT (32 to 36 gestational weeks), 95 full-term (FT)) at 6, 12 and 24 months of age. Results show that the differences in the prevalence of underweight observed in PT infants vs. FT infants are maintained for up to 6 months of age but disappear at 12 and 24 months. The age of inclusion of new foods and the average intake of the main food groups was not different from that of FTs. Although protein intake at 6 months was directly correlated with weight gain and growth in FT, these associations were not observed in PT. At the nutritional level, the low intake of vitamin D in preterm infants is noteworthy. These findings may be useful when designing new intervention strategies for this population group.
Adherence to Recommended Eating Patterns Is Associated With Lower Risk of Peripheral Arterial Disease: Results From the Women's Health Initiative.; The potential role of nutritional factors in the development of peripheral arterial disease (PAD) remains poorly understood. We evaluated multiple recommended eating patterns as reflected by predefined diet quality indices in relation to long-term risk of PAD. We included 138 506 US postmenopausal women in the Women’s Health Initiative who had no known PAD at baseline (1993–1998). Four diet quality indices, including alternate Mediterranean diet index, alternate Healthy Eating Index-2010, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet index, and Healthy Eating Index-2015, were derived using dietary information collected by a validated food frequency questionnaire at baseline. Incident cases of symptomatic PAD in the lower extremities were ascertained and adjudicated through March 2019 via medical record review. During a median 18.6 years of follow-up, 1036 incident PAD cases were identified. After multivariable adjustment, all diet quality scores were significantly and inversely associated with 21% (for alternate Healthy Eating Index 2010) to 34% (for Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension index) lower risk of PAD when comparing the highest with the lowest quartiles (all P-fortrend values ≤0.010). Among contributing food groups and nutrients, intakes of legumes, dietary fiber, and vegetable protein were associated lower risk of PAD, while intakes of unprocessed red meat, processed meat, and regular soft drinks were associated with higher risk. In a broad sample of US postmenopausal women, adhering to different recommended eating patterns is associated with lower risk of PAD. Our findings suggest that current clinical and public health strategies that recommend healthful eating patterns may also be applicable to PAD prevention. (
Adherence to the Traditional Mediterranean Diet and Human Milk Composition: Rationale, Design, and Subject Characteristics of the MEDIDIET Study.; Introduction: Knowledge about how a lactating woman's diet influences the composition of her breast milk is still very limited. In particular, no study has evaluated the role of adherence to the Mediterranean diet on human milk characteristics. Aim: We carried out an observational study to investigate the influence of mother adherence to a Mediterranean diet on her breast milk composition. Methods: Between 2012 and 2014, 300 healthy mothers, who exclusively breastfed their babies, were enrolled from five centers across Italy. During a visit to the hospital center 6 weeks after childbirth these women were asked to provide a sample of their freshly expressed breast milk and to answer a series of questions on personal characteristics and lifestyle factors. The application of a validated food frequency questionnaire allowed the collection of detailed dietary habits. Milk was collected and then stored until chemical analyses were performed. The study has been registered (Trial Registration: Dutch Trial register NTR3468). Descriptive analyses on baseline characteristics of mothers and babies were carried out on the participants, overall and stratified by center. Results: The participants had a mean age of 33 years (SD = 4.06), and a pre-pregnancy BMI of 22.3 Kg/m(2) (SD = 3.22). Forty-seven percent gave birth to their first child, 40% to the second 13% to the third or subsequent child. Babies had a mean birth weight of 3,324 g (DS = 389), and a mean length of 51 cm (SD = 1.94). Fifty-three percent were males. Conclusion: The present work provides the general description and the characteristics of mothers and babies included in the MediDiet study.
Maternal diets with low healthy eating index or Mediterranean diet adherence scores are associated with high cord-blood insulin levels and insulin resistance markers at birth.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Few studies have used healthy eating index (HEI) and mediterranean diet adherence (MDA) scores to evaluate the diet quality during pregnancy. To determine the relationship between first trimester diet quality and insulin sensitivity/resistance biomarkers at birth. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Cord-blood insulin sensitivity/resistance biomarkers of the offspring of 35 women whose diets were 'adequate' or 'inadequate' according to their HEI score (>70 or ≤ 70, respectively) and their 13-point MDA score (≥ 7 or <7, respectively). RESULTS: Low HEI-score diets contained less (g/1000 kcal) carbohydrates (CHO; P=0.027) and fibre (P=0.011), and more fats (P<0.001) and cholesterol (P<0.001), and contributed (percentage contribution to total energy (%En)) fewer CHO (P=0.005), more fats (P=<0.001) and saturated fatty acid (SFA; P=0.002) than their high HEI-score counterparts. Low MDA-score diets contained less (g/1000 kcal) fibre (P<0.001) and more cholesterol (P=0.05), had lower polyunsaturated fatty acids+monounsaturated fatty acid/SFA (PUFA+MUFA/SFA; P=0.05) and higher SFA/CHO (P=0.021) and ω-6/ω-3 PUFA ratios (P=0.044) than their respective counterparts. Women consuming the low HEI- or low MDA-score diets had low-fasting glycaemia (P=0.016 or P=0.025, respectively) but delivered infants with high insulinaemia (P=0.048 or P=0.017, respectively), homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR; P=0.031 or P=0.049, respectively) and glycaemia (P=0.018 or P=0.048, respectively). The relative risk (RR) of high-neonatal glycaemia and insulinaemia were 7.6 (P=0.008) and 6.7 (P=0.017) for low vs high HEI-score groups. High HOMA-IR and high glucose RR were, respectively, 3.4 (P=0.043) and 3.9 (P=0.016) in neonates from the <7 MDA- vs ≥ 7 MDA-score group. These RRs were not affected by potential confounders. CONCLUSION: Maternal diets with low HEI- or MDA-scores during the first trimester of pregnancy negatively affect insulin resistance markers at birth.
Dietary Patterns and Plasma Sex Hormones, Prolactin, and Sex Hormone-Binding Globulin in Premenopausal Women.; BACKGROUND: Sex hormones are important for breast cancer, but it is unclear whether dietary patterns influence hormone concentrations. METHODS: Dietary pattern adherence scores for the alternate Mediterranean diet (aMED), Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), and Alternative Healthy Eating Index (AHEI) were calculated from semiquantitative food frequency questionnaires administered in 1995 and 1999. Premenopausal plasma concentrations of sex hormones were measured in samples collected in 1996 to 1999. We used generalized linear models to calculate geometric mean hormone concentrations across quartiles of dietary pattern scores among 1,990 women in the Nurses' Health Study II. RESULTS: We did not observe significant associations between sex hormone concentrations and the DASH pattern and only one suggestive association between follicular estrone concentrations and the aMED pattern [top vs. bottom quartile -4.4%, 95% confidence interval (CI), -10.6% to 2.1%; Ptrend = 0.06]. However, women in the top versus bottom quartile of AHEI score had lower concentrations of follicular (-9.1%; 95% CI, -16.1% to -1.4%; Ptrend = 0.04) and luteal (-7.5%; 95% CI, -13.6% to -0.9%; Ptrend = 0.01) estrone, luteal-free (-9.3%; 95% CI, -16.8% to -1.1%; Ptrend = 0.01) and total (-6.7 %; 95% CI, -14.3% to 1.5%; Ptrend = 0.04) estradiol, follicular estradiol (-14.2%; 95% CI, -24.6% to -2.4%; Ptrend = 0.05), and androstenedione (-7.8%; 95% CI, -15.4% to 0.4%; Ptrend = 0.03). CONCLUSION: Diet quality measured by the AHEI is inversely associated with premenopausal estrogen concentrations. Given that we did not observe similar associations with the aMED or DASH patterns, our findings should be interpreted with caution. IMPACT: Given the role of estrogens in breast cancer etiology, our findings add to the substantial evidence on the benefits of adhering to a healthy diet. Cancer Epidemiol Biomarkers Prev; 25(5); 791-8. ©2016 AACR.
The relationship between sugar-sweetened beverages and liver enzymes among healthy premenopausal women: a prospective cohort study.; PURPOSE: To prospectively assess the association between sugar-sweetened beverages (SSB), added sugar, and total fructose and serum concentrations of liver enzymes among healthy, reproductive-age women. METHODS: A prospective cohort of 259 premenopausal women (average age 27.3 ± 8.2 years; BMI 24.1 ± kg/m(2)) were followed up for up to two menstrual cycles, providing up to eight fasting blood specimens/cycle and four 24-h dietary recalls/cycle. Women with a history of chronic disease were excluded. Alanine and aspartate aminotransferases (ALT and AST, respectively) were measured in serum samples. Linear mixed models estimated associations between average SSB, added sugar, and total fructose intake and log-transformed liver enzymes adjusting for age, race, body mass index, total energy and alcohol intake, and Mediterranean diet score. RESULTS: For every 1 cup/day increase in SSB consumption and 10 g/day increase in added sugar and total fructose, log ALT increased by 0.079 U/L (95 % CI 0.022, 0.137), 0.012 U/L (95 % CI 0.002, 0.022), and 0.031 (0.012, 0.050), respectively, and log AST increased by 0.029 U/L (-0.011, 0.069), 0.007 U/L (0.000, 0.014), and 0.017 U/L (0.004, 0.030), respectively. Women who consumed ≥1.50 cups/day (12 oz can) SSB versus less had 0.127 U/L (95 % CI 0.001, 0.254) higher ALT [percent change 13.5 % (95 % CI 0.1, 28.9)] and 0.102 (95 % CI 0.015, 0.190) higher AST [percent change 10.8 % (95 % CI 1.5, 20.9)]. CONCLUSIONS: Sugar-sweetened beverages were associated with higher serum ALT and AST concentrations among healthy premenopausal women, indicating that habitual consumption of even moderate SSB may elicit hepatic lipogenesis.
Counseling programs and the outcome of gestational diabetes in Austrian and Mediterranean Turkish women.; An increasing number of patients from different ethnic groups is admitted to European diabetes treatment centers. Counseling programs are of central importance in disease treatment, especially in gestational diabetes where counseling is of influence also on the outcome of pregnancy. We report about the outcome of gestational diabetes in 39 Mediterranean Turkish and 72 Caucasian Austrian women treated at our outpatient clinic. Both groups of patients underwent repeated counseling including information about the cause of gestational diabetes and therapeutic instructions with an emphasis on dietary recommendations adapted to the eating habits. Individually adapted and repeated instructions with the help of trained translators were of great importance for the Turkish women because nearly one third of them turned out to be illiterates. Under comparable treatment modalities, Turkish and Austrian women revealed no differences in metabolic control, the mean birth weight of the children was 3311+/-467 and 3370+/-600g, respectively, and 12.8% of the Turkish and 16.6% of the Austrian children still had a birth weight above 4000g. These results suggest that women with gestational diabetes and different ethnicity reveal a comparable outcome of gestational diabetes when therapeutic instructions are adapted to the social and cultural background as well as to the individual need of the patient.
Effect of dietary factors in pregnancy on risk of pregnancy complications: results from the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study.; There has been a thrilling development , as well as profound changes, in our understanding of the effect of fetal nutrition on the development and health of the child. The Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa) is an ongoing nationwide population-based pregnancy cohort study that between 1999 and 2008 recruited 90,723 women with 106,981 pregnancies and 108,487 children. The objective of MoBa is to test specific etiologic hypotheses by estimating the association between exposures and diseases with a special focus on disorders that may originate in early life. An important aspect in this regard is maternal diet and nutritional status during pregnancy. Nutritional factors have long been considered to be important determinants of maternal and fetal health, and dietary information is currently being collected in a number of pregnancy cohorts in Europe and the United States. Thus far, pregnancy complications studied in MoBa are preterm birth, preeclampsia, and fetal growth; and the aim of this article is to report results of recently published studies of dietary factors in relation to these outcomes. Numerous studies are planned using MoBa data, and the aim is to add to the knowledge of the interplay between dietary factors, nonnutrients, and toxic dietary substances and epigenetic modulation on fetal development and health later in life.
Novel Application of Nutritional Biomarkers From a Controlled Feeding Study and an Observational Study to Characterization of Dietary Patterns in Postmenopausal Women.; Dietary guidance emphasizes healthy dietary patterns, but supporting evidence comes from self-reported dietary data, which are prone to measurement error. We explored whether nutritional biomarkers from the Women's Health Initiative Nutrition and Physical Activity Assessment Study Feeding Study (NPAAS-FS) (n = 153; 2010-2014) and the Women's Health Initiative Nutrition and Physical Activity Assessment Study Observational Study (NPAAS-OS) (n = 450; 2006-2009) could identify biomarker signatures of dietary patterns for development of corresponding regression calibration equations to help mitigate measurement error. Fasting blood samples were assayed for a specific panel of vitamins, carotenoids, and phospholipid fatty acids; 24-hour urine samples were assayed for nitrogen, sodium, and potassium levels. Intake records from the NPAAS-FS were used to calculate Healthy Eating Index 2010 (HEI-2010), Alternative Healthy Eating Index 2010 (AHEI-2010), alternative Mediterranean diet (aMED), and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) scores. Scores were regressed on blood and urine nutritional measures for discovery of dietary pattern biomarkers using a cross-validated model R2 ≥ 36% criterion (stage 1). Next, stepwise models (P ≤ 0.10 for entry/removal) using NPAAS-OS data were used to regress stage 1 dietary pattern biomarkers on NPAAS-OS self-reported dietary pattern scores using a food frequency questionnaire, a 4-day food record, and a 24-hour recall (stage 2). HEI-2010 and aMED analyses met the cross-validated R2 ≥ 36% criterion in stage 1, while AHEI-2010 and DASH analyses did not. The R2 values for HEI-2010 stage 2 calibration equations were as follows: food frequency questionnaire, 63.5%; 4-day food record, 83.1%; and 24-hour recall, 77.8%. Stage 2 aMED R2 values were 34.9%-46.8%. Dietary pattern biomarkers have potential for calibrating self-reports to enhance studies of diet-disease associations.
[Nutritional advices for postmenopausal woman. Postmenopausal women management: CNGOF and GEMVi clinical practice guidelines].; Menopause is a key period for health due to physiological changes, particularly of body composition (with decrease of lean mass and increase of fat mass) and of body fat distribution, leading to a higher risk for bone and muscular health and cardiometabolic health. Nutritional advices, associated to physical activity advices, may partially prevent these effects. The energy balance will be moderately negative if there is a weight gain, while the protein intake will be preserved and a regular physical activity will be increased. A Mediterranean style diet will be beneficial on cardiovascular health. Dairy products will be preserved, but restrictive and dietary exclusion will be avoided.
Dietary patterns and difficulty conceiving: a nested case-control study.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate potential associations between dietary patterns (defined using factor analysis) and difficulty conceiving. DESIGN: Case-control study nested in a Spanish cohort of university graduates (Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra [SUN] Project). SETTING: Female university graduates all over Spain participating in the SUN Project. PATIENT(S): A total of 485 women, aged 20-45 years, reporting having presented with difficulty getting pregnant, and 1,669 age-matched controls who had at least one child. INTERVENTION(S): None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Reported difficulty getting pregnant. Data were collected from baseline and follow-up questionnaires of the SUN Project. RESULT(S): Two dietary patterns were identified. They were labeled as "Mediterranean-type" and "Western-type" patterns. A lower risk of difficulty getting pregnant was apparent in the highest quartile of adherence to the Mediterranean-type pattern compared with the lowest quartile (odds ratio 0.56, 95% confidence interval 0.35-0.95). Greater adherence to the Western-type dietary pattern showed no association with this outcome. CONCLUSION(S): A greater adherence to the Mediterranean-type dietary pattern may enhance fertility. Further evidence about the relationship between this dietary pattern and fertility is needed to develop nutritional interventions for women desiring to get pregnant.
The associations between dietary patterns and bone health, according to the TGF-β1 T869→C polymorphism, in postmenopausal Iranian women.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Recent studies have shown that dietary variants and genetic variants play a decisive role in the risk of developing osteoporosis. Therefore, the objective of the present study was to examine associations between dietary pattern and bone health, according to the TGF-β1 T869→C polymorphism, in postmenopausal Iranian women. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this study, 264 postmenopausal women aged from 46 to 78 years were examined. Body composition was measured by a body composition analyzer and physical activity by the short-form physical activity questionnaire. Bone mineral density was measured by the DEXA method. Dietary patterns were determined using factor analysis on 27 foods groups, employing a valid, reliable 147-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. The dietary patterns were analyzed by the factor analysis method. Blood samples were taken for measuring blood parameters. DNA samples from participants were genotyped using the RFLP-PCR method. RESULTS: Three dietary patterns were identified, namely: mediterranean diet, traditional diet, and unhealthy diet-one of which was associated with bone health. Postmenopausal women following a Mediterranean diet had lower weight and central obesity (0.05 > P). Higher adherence to a Mediterranean pattern was positively associated with Z-score L2_L4 lumbar spine (0.05 > P). TGF-β1 T869→C genotypes, after adjustment, were not directly correlated with bone mineral density and body composition (0.05 < P). Moreover, these findings demonstrated that in participants adhering to a Traditional dietary pattern, the C allele carrier group (TC and CC genotypes) had a lower L2_L4 Z-score (P = 0.05). CONCLUSION: It seems that the mediterranean diet can be a beneficial dietary pattern in the prevention of osteoporosis and obesity in postmenopausal women. Furthermore (probably in the C allele carrier group), lower vitamin D intake, coupled with adherence to a traditional dietary pattern, reduces the deposition of TGF-beta and increases the risk of lumbar spine osteoporosis.
Change in Dietary Patterns and Change in Waist Circumference and DXA Trunk Fat Among Postmenopausal Women.; OBJECTIVE: To examine whether changes in diet quality predict changes in central adiposity among postmenopausal women. METHODS: At baseline and 3-year follow-up, Women's Health Initiative Observational Study participants completed food frequency questionnaires, and waist circumference was measured (WC, n = 67,175). In a subset, trunk fat was measured via dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA, n = 4,254). Using multivariable linear regression, 3-year changes in dietary patterns (Healthy Eating Index-2010, Alternate Healthy Eating Index-2010, Alternate Mediterranean Diet, and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) were examined as predictors of concurrent changes in WC and, secondarily, DXA. RESULTS: Mean (SD) age and 3-year changes in weight and WC were 63 (7) years, 0.52 (4.26) kg, and 0.94 (6.65) cm. A 10% increase in any dietary pattern score, representing improved diet quality, was associated with 0.07 to 0.43 cm smaller increase in WC over 3 years (all P < 0.05). After adjusting for weight change, associations attenuated to 0.02 to 0.10 cm but remained statistically significant for all patterns except Alternate Mediterranean Diet. Results were similar for DXA trunk fat. CONCLUSIONS: Three-year improvements in diet quality are modestly protective against gain in WC and partially explained by lesser weight gain. Achieving and maintaining a healthful diet after menopause may protect against gains in central adiposity.
Whole Grain Consumption and Breast Cancer: A Case-Control Study in Women.; OBJECTIVE: Whole grain consumption has long been associated with human health. However, its relationship with breast cancer remains not well understood and appreciated. The aim of this work was to evaluate the association between whole grain consumption and breast cancer in women. METHODS: A case-control study was designed. Two hundred and fifty consecutive, newly diagnosed breast cancer female patients (56 ± 12 years) and 250 one-to-one age-matched controls were enrolled. A standardized, validated questionnaire assessing various sociodemographic, clinical, lifestyle, and dietary characteristics was applied through face-to-face interviews. Moreover, data on regular consumption of whole grains (i.e., never/rarely, 1-6 times/week, >7 times/week) were recorded. Overall dietary habits were assessed through the level of adherence to the Mediterranean diet using the MedDietScore (theoretical range 0-55). RESULTS: Whole grain consumption of more than 7 times/week was associated with a 0.49-fold (odds ratio = 0.49; 95% confidence interval, 0.29, 0.82) lower likelihood of having breast cancer, after adjustments were made. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggested that whole grain consumption more than 7 times/week was consistently associated with reduced risk of breast cancer.
Intake of carbohydrates during pregnancy in obese women is associated with fat mass in the newborn offspring.; BACKGROUND: Transmission of obesity across generations is of concern. Offspring of obese women have short- and long-term increased morbidities. A high intake of carbohydrate during pregnancy combined with impaired glucose tolerance is postulated to result in high birth weight, which is linked to subsequent metabolic disease. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to examine the association between carbohydrate intake in obese pregnant women and their offspring's body composition. DESIGN: Secondary analyses were performed in an observational setting of 222 pregnant women with a pregestational BMI (in kg/m(2)) ≥30 participating in a randomized controlled trial. Diet was assessed at gestational weeks 11-14 and 36-37 by using a semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire. Body composition in the offspring was assessed at birth by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Relative fat mass (%) was the primary outcome. Absolute measures (total fat, abdominal fat, and lean body mass) were secondary outcomes. RESULTS: Mean ± SD weight and absolute and relative fat mass in the offspring at birth were 3769 ± 542 g, 436 ± 214 g, and 11% ± 4%, respectively. Maternal intake of digestible carbohydrates was associated with the offspring's relative fat mass in late (P-trend = 0.006) but not early (P-trend = 0.15) pregnancy. A comparison of mothers in the highest (median: 238 g/d) compared with the lowest (median: 188 g/d) quartile of digestible carbohydrate intake showed a mean adjusted higher value in the offspring's relative fat mass of 2.1% (95% CI: 0.6%, 3.7%), which corresponded in absolute terms to a 103-g (95% CI: 27, 179-g) higher fat mass. Abdominal fat mass was also higher. In a strata of women with well-controlled glucose (2-h glucose values ≤6.6 mmol/L), no association between carbohydrate intake and offspring fat mass was observed, but the associations became significant and increased in strength with higher intolerance (strata with 2-h glucose values between 6.7-7.7 and ≥7.8 mmol/L). CONCLUSION: In obese women, even those without gestational diabetes but with impaired glucose tolerance, a lower carbohydrate intake at moderate levels in late gestation is associated with a lower fat mass in their offspring at birth. The TOP study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01345149.
Dietary enterolactone affects androgen and estrogen levels in healthy postmenopausal women.; In this randomized dietary intervention study (DI) we analyzed levels of androgens, phytoestrogens, and estrogens in 12-h urine samples of 69 healthy postmenopausal women, 37 of whom followed a traditional Mediterranean diet for 6 months (intervention group) as compared to 32 women who followed their regular diet (control group). Circulating levels of both insulin and testosterone (T) were also assayed. Overall, enterolactone (ENL) was the most prominent phytoestrogen in urines of both control and intervention women, and its levels increased by a 20% after DI. At the baseline the ENL levels were seen to be significantly associated with both the total androgens (TOT-A) (r= 0.371, P= 0.002) and the TOT-A/total estrogen (TOT-E) ratio (r= 0.351, P= 0.005) in all 69 postmenopausal women. Furthermore, the DI resulted in a more pronounced negative association of both ENL with insulin (r=-0.321, P= 0.05) and insulin with TOT-A (r=-0.421, P= 0.01). Regarding urinary androgens, ENL associated with both 3alpha-androsterone (5alpha-androgen, r= 0.363, P= 0.002) and 3alpha-etiocholanolone (5beta-androgen, r= 0.295, P= 0.01) at baseline, while after DI, circulating insulin and T exhibited a significant negative association with the 5beta-androgen metabolite etiocholanolone (r=-0.487, P= 0.002; and r=-0.336, P= 0.042, respectively). We conclude that lignan components of the Mediterranean diet, notably ENL, are associated with urinary levels of products of androgen metabolism, including both 5alpha- and 5beta-reductase enzymes, in healthy postmenopausal women. Further studies are necessary to better understand the interplay of sex hormones with dietary phytoestrogens.
Fruit and vegetables consumption and breast cancer risk: the EPIC Italy study.; The role of fruit and vegetables in breast cancer (BC) development has long been debated. A large variety of vegetables and fruit are consumed by Mediterranean populations, a favourable setting for evaluating the effects of these foods. The association between vegetables and fruit consumption, overall and by specific types, and BC risk was studied in the Italian section of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition study. Over 31,000 women, aged 36-64 years, recruited in five Italian centers between 1993 and 1998, were available for analyses with dietary and lifestyle information and anthropometric measurements. After a median follow-up of 11.25 years, 1,072 invasive and in situ incident BC cases were identified. Cox proportional hazard models (adjusted for education, anthropometry, reproductive history, hormone replacement therapy, physical activity, alcohol consumption and smoking habits) showed an inverse association between consumption of all vegetables and BC risk (highest vs. lowest quintile HR 0.65; 95% CI 0.53-0.81, P for trend = 0.003). According to subtypes of vegetables, an inverse association emerged for increasing consumption of leafy vegetables (highest vs. lowest quintile HR 0.70; 95% CI 0.57-0.86, P for trend = 0.0001) and fruiting vegetables (highest vs. lowest quintile HR 0.75; 95% CI 0.60-0.94, P for trend = 0.01). An inverse association also emerged with increasing consumption of raw tomatoes (P for trend = 0.03). In contrast, no association of fruit, overall or by subtypes, with BC risk was found. In this Mediterranean population, a clear protective role of increasing vegetables consumption, mainly leafy and fruiting vegetables, on BC risk emerged.
Estimation of dietary folic acid intake in three generations of females in Southern Spain.; An adequate folic acid intake has been related to female fertility. The recommended intake of this vitamin was recently increased to 400μg/day, with an additional 200μg/day during pregnancy. The Mediterranean Diet includes sources of folate such as pulses, green-leaf vegetables, fruit, cereals, and dried fruits; other foods of interest are liver and blue fish. The objectives were to determine the foods that contribute most to folate intake and analyze the factors that influence their consumption by three generations in a female population (n=898; age, 10-75yrs) from Southern Spain: 230 adolescents (10-16yrs), 296 healthy pregnant women (19-45yrs), and 372 menopausal women (>45yrs). Participants completed a previously validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Over 90% of their folate intake was supplied by cereals, fruit, natural juice, pulses, and cooked and raw vegetables. The mean (SD) daily intake of folate was 288.27(63.64) μg. A higher Mediterranean Diet Score (MDS) was significantly related to a greater folate intake. The daily folate intake was not significantly influenced by educational level, number of children, or place of residence (rural vs. urban). In logistic regression analysis, the factors related to an adequate folate intake (>2/3 of recommendations) were higher age, higher MDS, and lower BMI.
Development and validity of the 'Modified Mediterranean Prime Screen' to assess dietary intake among women of reproductive age in Lebanon.; The Mediterranean Region registers an increasing prevalence of obesity. The region lacks a diet screener to assess obesogenic nutrients. This study aimed to evaluate the reproducibility and validity of the Modified Mediterranean Prime Screen (MMPS) in estimating obesogenic nutrients' intake among women of reproductive age, as compared with a culturally validated Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ), in Lebanon. We developed the MMPS consisting of thirty-two food/beverage items specific to the Lebanese Mediterranean culture. The MMPS and FFQ were administered in two visits (2 weeks-6 months apart), face to face and via telephone during the coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic. The reproducibility and validity of the MMPS were assessed using intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) and Pearson's correlations, respectively. The study included 143 women, aged 31·5 (sd 4·6) years, BMI 24·2 (sd 4·0) kg/m(2), 87 % with university education and 91 % food secure. The reproducibility of the MMPS was moderate for energy and all assessed nutrients except for SFA (ICC = 0·428). The agreement of the MMPS with the reference FFQ was adequate for energy and obesogenic nutrients. Yet, the Pearson correlations for energy-adjusted nutrient intake were low for trans-fatty acids (0·294) and PUFA (0·377). The MMPS can be a time-efficient tool for dietary assessment of energy and many obesogenic nutrients. Future studies should validate the MMPS across the lifespan and re-evaluate it after updating the fatty acid profiles in the culturally specific food composition tables.
Associations of one-carbon metabolism-related gene polymorphisms with breast cancer risk are modulated by diet, being higher when adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern is low.; PURPOSE: Breast cancer is more likely attributed to a combination of genetic variations and lifestyle factors. Both one-carbon metabolism and diet-related factors could interfere with the carcinogenesis of breast cancer (BC), but whether diet consumed underlie a specific metabolism pathway could influence the impact of genetic variants on breast cancer risk remains equivocal. METHODS: A case-control study of the Chinese female population (818 cases, 935 controls). 13 SNPs in eight one-carbon metabolism-related genes (MTHFD1, TYMS, MTRR, MAT2B, CDO1, FOLR1, UNG2, ADA) were performed. Diet was assessed by a validated food-frequency questionnaire. We examined the associations of the adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern (MDP) and single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of one-carbon metabolism with breast cancer risk. We constructed an aggregate polygenic risk score (PRS) to test the additive effects of genetic variants and analyzed the gene-diet interactions. RESULTS: High adherence (highest quartile) to the MDP decreased the risk of breast cancer among post- but not premenopausal women, respectively (OR = 0.54, 95% CI = 0.38 to 0.78 and 0.90, 0.53 to 1.53). Neither of the polymorphisms or haplotypes was associated with breast cancer risk, irrespective of menopause. However, a high PRS (highest quartile) was associated with more than a doubling risk in both post- and premenopausal women, respectively (OR = 1.95, 95% CI = 1.32 to 2.87 and 2.09, 1.54 to 2.85). We found a gene-diet interaction with adherence to the MDP for aggregate PRS (P-interaction = 0.000) among postmenopausal women. When adherence to the MDP was low (< median), carries with high PRS (highest quartile) had higher BC risk (OR = 2.80, 95% CI = 1.55 to 5.07) than low PRS (lowest quartile), while adherence to the MDP was high (≥ median), the association disappeared (OR = 1.57, 95% CI = 0.92 to 2.66). CONCLUSION: High adherence to the MDP may counteract the genetic predisposition associated with one-carbon metabolism on breast cancer risk in postmenopausal women.
Meat quality of buffaloes finished in traditional or silvopastoral system in the Brazilian Eastern Amazon.; BACKGROUND: The present study aimed to assess the physical, chemical and sensory characteristics of meat from buffaloes finished in a Traditional System (TS) or Traditional + Silvopastoral System (TSPS) with dietary supplementation. Crossbred Murrah × Mediterranean buffaloes were raised from weaning to slaughter in the TS (n = 15) or were raised in the traditional system and finished in the TSPS (n = 15). After finishing, animals were slaughtered and their carcasses refrigerated for 24 h. The right side of each half-carcass was cut between the 12th and 13th ribs and the Longissimus thoracis muscle was removed. The cranial part underwent analyses of pH, color, weight loss as a result of cooking, water holding capacity, texture and sensory characteristics, whereas the rest of the muscle underwent microbiological analyses and determination of the chemical composition, fatty acid profile and mineral content. RESULTS: No major difference between finishing systems was found (P > 0.05) in the physical analyses and chemical composition of meat. The percentage of myristic acid (C14:0) and the sum of polyunsaturated fatty acids differed between treatments. The TS meat had the best 'characteristic meat aroma'. CONCLUSION: Considering the quality of meat produced in the TS or TSPS, it is concluded that finishing buffaloes in the pasture still represents the best alternative. © 2016 Society of Chemical Industry.
The preconception Mediterranean dietary pattern in couples undergoing in vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection treatment increases the chance of pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate associations between preconception dietary patterns and IVF/intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) outcomes validated by biomarkers of the homocysteine pathway. DESIGN: Observational prospective study. SETTING: A tertiary referral fertility clinic at the Erasmus University Medical Centre, Rotterdam, The Netherlands. PATIENT(S): One hundred sixty-one couples undergoing IVF/ICSI treatment. INTERVENTION(S): No interventions other than the Dutch governmental recommendation of folic acid. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Dietary patterns, blood and follicular fluid concentrations of folate, vitamin B12, vitamin B6, homocysteine, and fertilization rate, embryo quality, and pregnancy. RESULT(S): In women, two dietary patterns were identified. The "health conscious-low processed" dietary pattern (variation explained 12.1%) was characterized by high intakes of fruits, vegetables, fish, and whole grains and low intakes of snacks, meats, and mayonnaise, and positively correlated with red blood cell folate (β=0.07). The "Mediterranean" dietary pattern (variation explained 9.1%), that is, high intakes of vegetable oils, vegetables, fish, and legumes and low intakes of snacks, was positively correlated with red blood cell folate (β=0.13), and vitamin B6 in blood (β=0.09) and follicular fluid (β=0.18). High adherence by the couple to the "Mediterranean" diet increased the probability of pregnancy, odds ratio 1.4 (95% confidence interval 1.0-1.9). CONCLUSION(S): A preconception "Mediterranean" diet by couples undergoing IVF/ICSI treatment contributes to the success of achieving pregnancy.
Diet patterns and breast cancer risk in Hispanic and non-Hispanic white women: the Four-Corners Breast Cancer Study.; BACKGROUND: There is a lower incidence of breast cancer among Hispanic women than among non-Hispanic white women. Little is known about the role of diet in this difference. OBJECTIVE: We examined the associations of dietary patterns (Western, Prudent, Native Mexican, Mediterranean, and Dieter) with risk for breast cancer in Hispanic women (757 cases, 867 controls) and non-Hispanic white women (1524 cases, 1598 controls) from the Four-Corners Breast Cancer Study. DESIGN: Dietary intake, physical activity, and other exposures were assessed by using interviews. Dietary patterns were defined via factor analysis. Risk was assessed by using logistic regression with adjustment for age, center, education, smoking, total activity, calories, dietary fiber, dietary calcium, height, parity, recent hormone exposure, family history of breast cancer, menopausal status, and body mass index x recent hormone exposure. RESULTS: The Western (odds ratio for highest versus lowest quartile: 1.32; 95% CI: 1.04, 168; P for trend < 0.01) and Prudent (1.42; 1.14, 1.77; P for trend < 0.01) dietary patterns were associated with greater risk, and the Native Mexican (0.68; 0.55, 0.85; P for trend < 0.01) and Mediterranean (0.76; 0.63, 0.92; P for trend < 0.01) dietary patterns were associated with lower risk of breast cancer. Body mass index modified the associations of the Western diet and breast cancer among postmenopausal women and those of the Native Mexican diet among premenopausal women. CONCLUSIONS: Associations of dietary patterns with breast cancer risk varied by menopausal and body mass index status, but there was little difference in associations between non-Hispanic white and Hispanic women.
Long-term implications of gestational diabetes for the mother.; Women with GDM have a greater risk of developing diabetes in the future compared with those women who have normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy. Using life table techniques, 17 years after the initial diagnosis of GDM, 40% of women were diabetic compared with 10% in a matched control group of women who had normal glucose tolerance in pregnancy. The incidence of diabetes was higher among women who were older, more obese, of greater parity and with more severe degrees of glucose intolerance during pregnancy. Diabetes also occurred more commonly among women who had a first-degree relative who was diabetic, in women born in Mediterranean and East Asian countries, and in those who had GDM in two or more pregnancies. Despite differing testing techniques and varying criteria for the diagnosis of GDM, follow-up studies from across the world consistently show a higher rate of subsequent diabetes among GDM mothers. NIDDM is associated with increased morbidity and a higher mortality rate, especially in women. Cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases are the leading causes of death. High lipid levels, hypertension and obesity are often already present when diabetes is diagnosed and may antedate the development of overt diabetes; treatment of diabetes at this stage may therefore be too late to prevent complications occurring. A follow-up programme for women with GDM facilitates screening of a group known to be at increased risk of developing diabetes so that the diagnosis can be made before associated risk factors for complications develop. Intervention in the form of counselling regarding cigarette smoking, exercise and a healthy, high-residue, unrefined carbohydrate, low cholesterol diet, given together with weight monitoring, may prevent the onset of both diabetes and its associated cerebrovascular and cardiovascular problems.
Dietary patterns and cardiovascular risk in postmenopausal women: Protocol of a cross-sectional and prospective study.; OBJECTIVE: Aging and menopause are associated with an adverse cardiometabolic profile, predisposing to cardiovascular disease. Diet may also affect their cardiometabolic risk. The aim of this study is to assess dietary habits and patterns of postmenopausal women and their association with adiposity measures, cardiometabolic parameters and subclinical atherosclerosis. STUDY PROTOCOL: The study will include two parts. The first part consists of cross-sectional evaluation of 750 postmenopausal women recruited consecutively from the Menopause Unit of an academic hospital. Dietary intake will be assessed by a food frequency questionnaire. Nutrient and food group intake will be calculated and adherence to the Mediterranean diet and other dietary patterns will be evaluated. A-priori and a-posteriori defined dietary patterns will be tested for associations with major and minor outcome measures. The second part consists of a prospective follow-up of all women recruited at baseline and re-assessment of the same variables after 3 years. Adherence to predefined or a-posteriori defined dietary patterns over these 3 years will be evaluated in association with changes in obesity indices and lipid levels, as well as in the progression of subclinical atherosclerosis. MAJOR OUTCOME MEASURES: Body mass index, lipid profile, carotid and femoral artery intima-media thickness and plaques. MINOR OUTCOME MEASURES: Waist circumference, waist-to-hip ratio, abdominal fat layers, incident hypertension and diabetes, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), c-reactive protein and markers of subclinical arterial disease, including flow-mediated dilation, pulse wave velocity, augmentation index and ankle-brachial index. RESULTS: The study is expected to complete baseline enrolment by the end of 2018 and follow-up assessment by the end of 2021. The results of the study will address the question of whether dietary patterns and eating habits are associated with cardiometabolic risk as well as with accelerated subclinical arterial disease and arterial aging in postmenopausal women.
Estimated Phytate Intake Is Associated with Bone Mineral Density in Mediterranean Postmenopausal Women.; The main objective of this work was to explore the association of dietary phytate intake with bone mineral density (BMD) in a Mediterranean population of postmenopausal women. For this purpose, a cross-sectional analysis of 561 women aged 55-75 years with overweight/obesity and metabolic syndrome from a Mediterranean area and with data on dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) scans in femur and lumbar spine was performed. Estimated phytate intake was calculated using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Our results indicated that phytate intake was associated with BMD [β(95%CI) per each 25 mg/100 kcal] in femoral neck [0.023(0.060-0.040) g/cm(2)], femoral Ward's triangle [0.033(0.013-0.054) g/cm(2)], total femur [0.018(0.001-0.035) g/cm(2)], and all the analyzed lumbar spine sites [L1-L4: 0.033(0.007-0.059) g/cm(2)] after adjusting for potential confounders. The sensitivity analysis showed that phytate intake was directly associated with lumbar spine BMD in women younger than 66 years, with a body mass index higher than 32.6 kg/cm(2) and without type 2 diabetes (all p-for interactions < 0.05). The overall results indicated that phytate, a substance present in food as cereals, legumes and nuts, was positively associated with BMD in Mediterranean postmenopausal women. Phytate may have a protective effect on bone resorption by adsorbing on the surfaces of HAP. Nevertheless, large, long-term, and randomized prospective clinical studies must be performed to assess the possible benefits of phytate consumption on BMD in postmenopausal women.
Glycemic index, glycemic load and invasive breast cancer incidence in postmenopausal women: The PREDIMED study.; The objective of this study was to evaluate the prospective associations between dietary glycemic index (GI) and glycemic load (GL) and the risk for invasive breast cancer incidence in postmenopausal women at high cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. This study was conducted within the framework of the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) study, a nutritional intervention trial for primary cardiovascular prevention. We included 4010 women aged between 60 and 80 years who were initially free from breast cancer but at high risk for CVD disease. Dietary information was collected using a validated 137-item food frequency questionnaire. We assigned GI values using the International Tables of GI and GL values. Cases were ascertained through yearly consultation of medical records and through consultation of the National Death Index. Only cases confirmed by results from cytology tests or histological evaluation were included. We estimated multivariable-adjusted hazard ratios for invasive breast cancer risk across tertiles of energy-adjusted dietary GI/GL using Cox regression models. We repeated our analyses using yearly repeated measures of GI/GL intakes. No associations were found between baseline dietary GI/GL and invasive breast cancer incidence. The multivariable hazard ratio and 95% confidence interval (CI) for the top tertile of dietary GI was 1.02 (95% CI: 0.42-2.46) and for dietary GL was 1.00 (95% CI: 0.44-2.30) when compared with the bottom tertile. Repeated-measures analyses yielded similar results. In sensitivity analyses, no significant associations were observed for women with obesity or diabetes. Dietary GI and GL did not appear to be associated with an increased risk for invasive breast cancer in postmenopausal women at high CVD risk.
A traditional Mediterranean diet decreases endogenous estrogens in healthy postmenopausal women.; Breast cancer incidence and mortality rates are markedly lower in the south than in the north of Europe. This has been ascribed to differences in lifestyle and, notably, dietary habits across European countries. However, little information exists on the influence of different dietary regimens on estrogens and, hence, on breast cancer risk. Here we report results of our MeDiet Project, a randomized, dietary intervention study aimed to assess the effect of a Mediterranean diet on the profiles of endogenous estrogens in healthy postmenopausal women. Out of the 230 women who initially volunteered to participate in the study, 115 were found to be eligible and were enrolled. Women were then randomly assigned into an intervention (n = 58) and a control (n = 57) group. Women in the intervention group adhered to a traditional, restricted Mediterranean diet for 6 mo, whereas women in the control group continued to follow their regular diet. Women in the intervention group changed their dietary regimen substantially, and this eventually led to a shift from a prevalent intake of animal fat and proteins to a prevalent intake of vegetable fat and proteins. Regarding urinary estrogens, no significant difference was observed between the intervention and control groups at baseline. After 6 mo, however, control women did not show any major change but women in the intervention group exhibited a significant decrease (over 40%) of total estrogen levels (P < 0.02). The largest part of this modification was based on a marked decrease of specific estrogen metabolites, including hydroxy- and keto-derivatives of estradiol or estrone. To our knowledge, this is the first report to show that a traditional Mediterranean diet significantly reduces endogenous estrogen. This may eventually lead to identify selected dietary components that more effectively decrease estrogens levels and, hence, provide a basis to develop dietary preventive measures for breast cancer.
Gender differences in the long-term effects of a nutritional intervention program promoting the Mediterranean diet: changes in dietary intakes, eating behaviors, anthropometric and metabolic variables.; BACKGROUND: Long-term adherence to principles of the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) following a nutritional intervention promoting the Mediterranean food pattern in Canadian men and women is not known. Moreover, gender differences in dietary and metabolic profile in such an intervention context has never been addressed. Objective was to determine gender differences in long-term effects of a 12-week nutritional intervention program promoting the adoption of the MedDiet and based on the Self-Determination Theory (SDT) on dietary intakes, eating behaviors, anthropometric and metabolic variables, in men and women presenting cardiovascular risk factors. METHODS: Sixty-four men and 59 premenopausal women were recruited. The 12-week nutritional program used a motivational interviewing approach and included individual and group sessions. A food frequency questionnaire was administered to evaluate dietary intakes from which a Mediterranean score (Medscore) was derived and the Three-Factor Eating Questionnaire allowed assessment of eating behaviors. Measurements were performed at baseline and after the 12-week nutritional intervention, and then at 3 and 6-month post intervention. RESULTS: No gender difference was observed in changes in the Medscore during the nutritional intervention and follow-up. However, the Medscore returned towards baseline values during follow-up in men and women (P < 0.0001). Men reported larger decreases in red and processed meat and larger increases in whole fruit intakes than women (P = 0.03 and P = 0.04, respectively). Men showed a greater decrease in habitual susceptibility to disinhibition than women (P = 0.03). A gender by time interaction was found for waist circumference, i.e. men had lower waist circumference at the end of the intervention as well as at follow-up than at baseline while women's waist circumference decreased in response to the intervention only (P = 0.05). As for metabolic variables, changes observed in total-cholesterol (C) to HDL-C ratio, triglyceride levels and triglycerides to HDL-C ratio were more pronounced in men than in women after the intervention as well as at follow-up (P ≤ 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that the 12-week nutritional intervention based on the SDT leads to more pronounced beneficial changes in long-term dietary intakes in men than in women and to greater improvements in metabolic profile in men. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Current Controlled Trials NCT01852721.
Effect of menopause, anthropometry, nutrition and lifestyle on bone status of women in the northern Mediterranean.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to explore the influence of age, menopause, anthropometry, nutrition and lifestyle on bone status of women of the Northern Mediterranean Region ofCroatia, which is considered the Adriatic Coast of Southeast Europe. METHODS: Quantitative ultrasound measurement was performed on the women's right heel and the values of the primary parameters (the Broad Ultrasonic Attenuation and the Speed of Sound [BUA and SOS]) were obtained. Dietary data were assessed with specially designed semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Multiple regression analysis was employed to examine the influence of age and anthropometry, as well as hormonal and nutritional factors on BUA and SOS. RESULTS: In all female subjects, both primary parameters were predicted by menopause. Among nutrition and lifestyle factors, carbohydrates were significant predictors for BUA (beta = -0.151, p < 0.05), and smoking is significant predictor for SOS (beta = -0.113, p < 0.05). In premenopausal women, BUA is significantly predicted by body height (beta = 0.71, p < 0.05) and body mass index (beta = 1.44, p < 0.05). In postmenopausal women, both primary parameters are strongly predicted by age and anthropometric parameters. Besides, SOS is significantly predicted by smoking (beta = -0.18, p < 0.01) and alcohol (beta = -0.13, p < 0.05). Besides, SOS is significantly predicted by smoking (beta = -0.18, p < 0.01) and alcohol (beta = -0.13, p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Bone quality in women from the Croatian Mediterranean Region mostly depends on their hormonal status. When the effect of menopause is controlled, bone status becomes dependent on age and anthropometry.
Periconceptional maternal 'high fish and olive oil, low meat' dietary pattern is associated with increased embryonic growth: The Rotterdam Periconceptional Cohort (Predict) Study.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between periconceptional maternal dietary pattern and first-trimester embryonic growth. METHODS: This was a prospective cohort study of 228 women with a singleton ongoing pregnancy, of which 135 were strictly dated spontaneous pregnancies and 93 were pregnancies achieved after in-vitro fertilization or intracytoplasmatic sperm injection (IVF/ICSI). All women underwent serial transvaginal three-dimensional ultrasound (3D-US) examinations from 6 + 0 to 13 + 0 weeks' gestation. Crown-rump length (CRL) and embryonic volume (EV) measurements were performed using a virtual reality system. Information on periconceptional maternal dietary intake was collected via food frequency questionnaires. Principal component analysis was performed to identify dietary patterns. Associations between dietary patterns and CRL and EV trajectories were investigated using linear mixed models adjusted for potential confounders. RESULTS: A median of five (range, one to seven) 3D-US scans per pregnancy were performed. Of 1162 datasets, quality was sufficient to perform CRL measurements in 991 (85.3%) and EV measurements in 899 (77.4%). A dietary pattern comprising high intake of fish and olive oil and a very low intake of meat was identified as beneficial for embryonic growth. In strictly dated spontaneous pregnancies, strong adherence to the 'high fish and olive oil, low meat' dietary pattern was associated with a 1.9 mm (95% CI, 0.1-3.63 mm) increase in CRL (+14.6%) at 7 weeks and a 3.4 mm (95% CI, 0.2-7.81 mm) increase (+6.9%) at 11 weeks, whereas EV increased by 0.06 cm(3) (95% CI, 0.01-0.13 cm(3) ) (+20.4%) at 7 weeks and 1.43 cm(3) (95% CI, 0.99-1.87 cm(3) ) (+14.4%) at 11 weeks. No significant association was observed in the total study population or in the IVF/ICSI subgroup. CONCLUSION: Periconceptional maternal adherence to a high fish and olive oil, low meat dietary pattern is positively associated with embryonic growth in spontaneously conceived pregnancies. Copyright © 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Diet quality is associated with the risk of estrogen receptor-negative breast cancer in postmenopausal women.; Emerging evidence suggests that diet quality indices may serve as prognostic indicators of disease. However, the ability of these indices to predict breast cancer risk has not been evaluated previously. We assessed the association between several diet quality scores and the risk of breast cancer in postmenopausal women. The indices we used were the Healthy Eating Index (HEI), Alternate Healthy Eating Index (AHEI), Diet Quality Index-Revised (DQI-R), Recommended Food Score (RFS), and the alternate Mediterranean Diet Score (aMed). We calculated diet quality indices from dietary information collected in FFQ administered 5 times between 1984 and 1998 among women in the Nurses' Health Study cohort. Relative risks (RR) were computed using Cox proportional hazards models and adjusted for known risk factors for breast cancer. Separate analyses were conducted for estrogen receptor positive (ER+) and negative (ER-) tumors. Between 1984 and 2002, we documented 3,580 cases of breast cancer, of which 2,367 were ER+, and 575 were ER-. We did not observe any association between the diet quality indices and total or ER+ breast cancer risk. However, for ER- breast cancer, after adjusting for potential confounders, the RR comparing highest to lowest quintiles were 0.78 (95% CI=0.59-1.04, P for trend=0.01) for the AHEI, 0.69 (95% CI=0.51-0.94, P for trend=0.003) for the RFS, and 0.79 (95% CI=0.60-1.03, P for trend=0.03) for the aMed. These observations appeared to be the result of an inverse association (P for trend=0.01) with the vegetable component of the scores. We conclude that women who scored high in AHEI, RFS, and aMed had a lower risk of ER- breast cancer. The HEI and DQI-R appeared to be of limited value in predicting breast cancer risk.
Circulating Omentin-1 as a Biomarker at the Intersection of Postmenopausal Breast Cancer Occurrence and Cardiometabolic Risk: An Observational Cross-Sectional Study.; Aberrant circulating omentin-1, which is an anti-inflammatory and pro-apoptotic adipokine, has been reported in various solid tumors. Therefore, we investigated whether or not circulating omentin-1 could be associated with postmenopausal BC (PBC) and could be used as a potential diagnostic and clinical tool taking into consideration clinicopathologic features, tumor markers, as well as anthropometric, metabolic, and inflammatory parameters. Serum omentin-1, tumor markers (CA15-3 and CEA); metabolic (insulin, glucose, HOMA index, and serum lipids), anthropometric (BMI, waist circumference, and fat mass), and inflammatory (TNF-α, IL-6, hsCRP) parameters; classic adipokines (leptin and adiponectin); the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) score; and cardiovascular (CVD) risk were determined in 103 postmenopausal women with pathologically confirmed incident invasive BC, 103 controls matched on age, 51 patients with benign breast lesions (BBL), and 50 obese postmenopausal women of similar age. The mean serum omentin-1 was significantly lower in cases than in controls and patients with BBL (p < 0.001). In the patients, omentin-1 was inversely associated with tumor, metabolic and inflammatory biomarkers, cancer stage, and the number of infiltrated lymph nodes (p < 0.05). In all study participants, omentin-1 was negatively correlated with CVD risk and positively correlated with MedDiet score. Lower circulating omentin-1 was independently associated with PBC occurrence above and beyond known risk factors. According to the ROC curve analysis, the overall diagnostic performance of omentin-1 (0.84, 95% CI 0.79-0.89) is similar to CA15-3. Circulating omentin-1 may be a biomarker at the intersection of PBC and cardiometabolic risk in postmenopausal women, and could be modulated by the adoption of a MedDiet. Further mechanistic and large multicentric prospective and longitudinal studies are required to elucidate the ontological role of omentin-1 in BC and CVD risks, as well as its diagnostic and prognostic ability and its therapeutic potential.
Triggers for attacks in familial Mediterranean fever: application of the case-crossover design.; The etiology of recurrent attacks of serositis in familial Mediterranean fever (FMF) is not completely understood. Uncontrolled clinical case series have reported that factors associated with emotional, physiological, or physical stress precede and might trigger the attacks. This case-crossover study, conducted between July 2007 and May 2008, aimed to estimate the role of precipitating factors in attacks in a sample of Armenian FMF patients in Yerevan, Armenia, where 104 patients contributed 55 case and 189 control time periods. The authors used conditional logistic regression to compare frequency of exposure to stressful events, strenuous physical activity, menstrual periods, and high-fat food consumption prior to FMF attacks and on attack-free random days. Multiple stressful life events predicted FMF attacks 2 days following the event. After adjustment for treatment, an additional stressful event was associated with an estimated 70% increase in the odds of having an FMF attack on the second day (95% confidence interval: 1.04, 2.79). High levels of perceived stress were also associated with FMF attacks. Physical exertion and high-fat diet did not increase the likelihood of FMF attacks. The possibility of prevention of attacks in FMF needs to be tested through stress-reduction interventions.
Relationship of body condition score and blood urea and ammonia to pregnancy in Italian Mediterranean buffaloes.; The relationship of body condition score (BCS) and blood urea and ammonia to pregnancy outcome was examined in Italian Mediterranean Buffalo cows mated by AI. The study was conducted on 150 buffaloes at 145 +/- 83 days in milk that were fed a diet comprising 14.8% crude protein, 0.9 milk forage units.kg-1 dry matter and a non-structural carbohydrate/crude protein ratio of 2.14. The stage of the oestrous cycle was synchronised by the Ovsynch-TAI programme and blood urea and ammonia levels were assessed on the day of AI. Energy corrected milk (ECM) production and BCS were recorded bi-weekly. The pregnancy risk was 46.7% and was slightly lower in buffaloes with BCS < 6.0 and BCS > 7.5. There were no significant differences in ECM, urea and ammonia between pregnant and non-pregnant buffaloes. However, pregnancy outcome was higher (P = 0.02) in buffaloes with blood urea < 6.83 mmol.L-1. The likelihood of pregnancy for buffaloes with low urea blood level was 2.6 greater than for high urea level and exposure to a high urea level lowered the probability of pregnancy by about 0.25. The findings indicate that buffaloes are similar to cattle and increased blood levels of urea are associated with reduced fertility when animals are mated by AI.
Discovery of Three Bemisia tabaci Effectors and Their Effect on Gene Expression in Planta.; Bemisia tabaci (whitefly) is a polyphagous agroeconomic pest species complex. Two members of this species complex, Mediterranean (MED) and Middle-East-Asia Minor 1 (MEAM1), have a worldwide distribution and have been shown to manipulate plant defenses through effectors. In this study, we used three different strategies to identify three MEAM1 proteins that can act as effectors. Effector B1 was identified using a bioinformatics-driven effector-mining strategy, whereas effectors S1 and P1 were identified in the saliva of whiteflies collected from artificial diet and in phloem exudate of tomato on which nymphs were feeding, respectively. These three effectors were B. tabaci specific and able to increase whitefly fecundity when transiently expressed in tobacco plants (Nicotiana tabacum). Moreover, they reduced growth of Pseudomonas syringae pv. tabaci in Nicotiana benthamiana. All three effectors changed gene expression in planta, and B1 and S1 also changed phytohormone levels. Gene ontology and KEGG pathway enrichment analysis pinpointed plant-pathogen interaction and photosynthesis as the main enriched pathways for all three effectors. Our data thus show the discovery and validation of three new B. tabaci MEAM1 effectors that increase whitefly fecundity and modulate plant immunity. [Formula: see text] Copyright © 2024 The Author(s). This is an open access article distributed under the CC BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license.
Premarital screening of 466 Mediterranean women for serum ferritin, vitamin B12, and folate concentrations.; BACKGROUND/AIM: Iron, folate, and vitamin B12 serum levels are closely related with dietary habits and have an essential role in the healthy development of a fetus. We aimed to investigate hemoglobin, ferritin, folate, and vitamin B12 levels in preconceptional women in an area where a plant-based diet referred to as Mediterranean cuisine is commonly used. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study population included 466 women between the ages of 18 and 45 years admitted for thalassemia screening. Sociodemographic variables and history of menometrorrhagia, pica, and dietary habits were collected. Serum vitamin B12, folate, ferritin, and hemoglobin levels were measured. Ferritin of <12µg/L, vitamin B12 of <200 pg/mL, and folate of <4 ng/mL were accepted as deficiencies. Hemoglobin level of <12 g/dL was classified as anemia. RESULTS: Polymenorrhea was present in 11.7% and hypermenorrhea in 24.8% of women. Anemia was detected in 24.9% and thalassemia trait in 3.0% of women. Low ferritin levels were observed in 46.1%, vitamin B12 in 21.6%, and folate in 3.4% of women. In the group with low vitamin B12, decreased meat consumption was more prevalent (27.5% vs. 16.9%; P = 0.019). CONCLUSION: Vitamin B12 and iron are the main micronutrients depleted in our community. This necessitates implementing a public health program for women consuming a Mediterranean diet.
Breast milk fat concentration and fatty acid pattern during the first six months in exclusively breastfeeding Greek women.; PURPOSE: To determine fat and fatty acid (FA) profile of Greek mother's milk during the first 6 months of exclusive breastfeeding and to examine their correlation with dietary and other maternal characteristics. METHODS: Milk samples and dietary records were obtained by mothers at 1st (n = 64), 3rd (n = 39), and 6th (n = 24) month postpartum. Fatty acid methylesters were separated and quantified by gas chromatography (GC/FID) and fat concentration by the creamatocrit method. RESULTS: At the 3 time points, milk fat concentration ranged between 26.3 and 30.2 g/l (p > 0.05). Milk's FA composition was expressed as weight percentage (% wt/wt of all FAs detected with a C6 to C22 chain length). Maternal macronutrient and FA dietary intake, as well as the FAs' profile in maternal milk, remained constant over the 6 months. Saturated fatty acids (SFA), monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) represented approx. 46, 35, and 18 % of all FAs, while ω6 and ω3 PUFA were 17.4 and 0.8 %, respectively. Body weight gain during pregnancy was positively related to breast milk's concentration in SFA (p < 0.01) and negatively to milk's concentration in MUFA (p < 0.01). Age and parity were also independent factors affecting the FA profile in maternal milk. A strong positive effect was found during the first month postpartum, between mother's PUFA intake and the concentration of PUFA, ω3 fatty acids, docosahexaenoic and linoleic acid (LA) in the milk, while MUFA intake was strongly correlated with the concentration of PUFA, ω6 fatty acids, and LA. CONCLUSION: This study is among few in literature to determine FA profile of breast milk in European populations and verified certain dietary factors that influence this profile. Maternal PUFA and MUFA intake were found to be important factors affecting breast milk's FA profile.
A randomised controlled trial of a preconceptional dietary intervention in women undergoing IVF treatment (PREPARE trial).; BACKGROUND: In vitro fertilisation (IVF) treatment provides an opportunity to study early developmental responses to periconceptional dietary interventions. Retrospective studies have suggested links between preconception diet and fertility, and more recently, a "Mediterranean" diet has been reported to increase pregnancy rates by up to 40%. In addition, a prospective study examining increased intake of omega-3 polyunsaturated fats demonstrated a quickened rate of embryo development after IVF. However, up to now, few prospective randomised controlled trials have investigated the impact of periconceptional dietary interventions on fertility outcomes. METHODS AND DESIGN: The study is a randomised controlled trial of a dietary intervention consisting of olive oil for cooking, an olive oil based spread, and a daily supplement drink enriched with Vitamin D (10 microgram daily) and marine omega-3 fatty acids (2 g daily) for 6 weeks preconception versus a control diet of sunflower seed oil for cooking, a sunflower oil based spread, and a daily supplement drink without added Vitamin D or marine omega-3 fatty acids. Couples undergoing IVF will be randomised to either the intervention or control group (55 in each arm). The primary endpoint is embryo developmental competency in vitro, measured by validated morphokinetic markers. Secondary outcomes will include the effect of the dietary intervention on the nutritional content of the intrauterine environment. DISCUSSION: This approach will enable rigorous examination of the impact of the dietary intervention on early embryo development, together with the influence of the peri-implantation intra-uterine nutritional environment. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ISRCTN50956936.
Association between dietary patterns and indices of bone mass in a sample of Mediterranean women.; OBJECTIVE: A holistic dietary approach, examining the effect of dietary patterns in terms of chronic disease prevention and treatment, continuously gains more attention and may elucidate the association between diet and bone health. In the present study we examined whether adherence to a Mediterranean diet or other dietary patterns has any significant impact on indices of bone mass. METHODS: Two hundred twenty adult Greek women were recruited. Lumbar spine bone mineral density and total body bone mineral content were determined by using dual x-ray absorptiometry. Food intake was assessed using 3-d food records and adherence to the Mediterranean diet was evaluated through a Mediterranean diet score. Principal components analysis was used for the identification of participants' dietary patterns. RESULTS: Adherence to a Mediterranean diet was not found to have any significant effect on indices of bone mass. Principal components analysis identified 10 dietary patterns explaining 80% of the variance in food intake. A pattern characterized by high consumption of fish and olive oil and low intake of red meat was positively associated with lumbar spine bone mineral density (P = 0.017) and total body bone mineral content (P = 0.048), after controlling for several confounders. CONCLUSION: Adherence to a Mediterranean dietary pattern was not associated with indices of bone mass in a sample of adult women, whereas adherence to a dietary pattern close to the Mediterranean diet, i.e., high consumption of fish and olive oil and low red meat intake, was positively related to bone mass, suggesting potential bone-preserving properties of this pattern throughout adult life.
[Reproducibility, correlation and concordance of the Abbreviated Dietary Score questionnaire].; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to evaluate the reproducibility, correlation and concordance of the abbreviated Dietary Score (aDS) used in the IBERICAN study. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A cross-sectional study was performed in order to assess the reproducibility of the aDS using a test-retest. Its internal consistency was evaluated using Cronbach's alpha, and reliability of the measurements using the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC). From the food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) of the PREDIMED-Plus study, adherence to a Mediterranean diet pattern was evaluated using DS, and its correlation and agreement with aDS was assessed. In both cases the lineal regression, Bland-Altman, and kappa index techniques were used. RESULTS: A total of 142 subjects participated, mostly men (56.3%), with a mean age of 64.6±4.9 years. In terms of reproducibility, a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.538 was obtained; a mean of the differences of 2.03 points, and a weighted kappa index of 0.400 (95% CI=0.295-0.577). The instrument had good internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha=0.699), as well as good reliability (CCI=0.931). The aDS had a correlation coefficient with the DS of 0.517, a mean difference of 1.19 points, and a weighted kappa index of 0.450 (95% CI=0.366-0.532). CONCLUSIONS: The aDS has moderate reproducibility and a good correlation and agreement with the DS, so it can be a useful tool in Primary Care to assess adherence to the Mediterranean diet.
French mothers' milk deficient in DHA contains phospholipid species of potential interest for infant development.; OBJECTIVES: An insufficient human milk docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) level was reported worldwide, which leads to the question of the sufficiency of the DHA supply for infant development in the French Mediterranean area. Also, among milk lipids, phospholipids may be of high potential interest for infant brain development, being a specific vector of DHA and providing plasmalogens. We aimed to estimate the consumption of such milk compounds by preterm and term infants. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Milk samples from 22 lactating French women living in a port city, Marseille, were collected in a neonatology department from a single full-breast expression using an electric pump. Amounts of triglycerides, total phospholipids and plasmalogens, and fatty acid profile were determined by gas chromatography, and cholesterol by enzymatic assay. RESULTS: Depending on the infant dietary guidelines we referred to, 46% or 82% of milk samples were below the recommended DHA level (0.4% or 0.7%), and a majority exhibited high linoleic acid/α-linolenic acid and n-6/n-3 ratios, probably resulting from high linoleic acid together with low fish and seafood products consumption. DHA carried by phospholipids in a majority of specimens met the requirements for brain development for term but not for premature infants. Milk plasmalogen levels ranged from 3.4 to 39.2  mg/L. CONCLUSIONS: Our results support the recommendation of DHA supplementation to French mothers living in a Mediterranean port city, and of decreased linoleic acid intake, to reach optimal milk composition for infant health. DHA-containing phospholipids including plasmalogen species may represent important bioactive human milk compounds.
The effect of diet, sex and mating status on longevity in Mediterranean fruit flies (Ceratitis capitata), Diptera: Tephritidae.; Dietary Restriction (DR) extends lifespan in a range of model organisms such as yeast, flies and worms suggesting it is a 'public' mechanism for longevity extension. Lifespan extension has also been reported in the Mediterranean fruit fly (medfly), Ceratitis capitata in response to various types of dietary manipulation, however, the responses can be complex. There are also reported differences in the responses of medfly and Drosophila melanogaster longevity to DR, but it is not clear to what extent these are due to differences in feeding protocols or to what extent they reflect real biological differences. In order to investigate this, we applied a DR feeding protocol similar to that used in many D. melanogaster studies and tested for effects on male and female virgin and mated medfly longevity. Our results show a clear effect of DR and a cost of reproduction for both sexes. Female flies lived significantly longer than male flies at all food levels, indicating minimal interactions between diet and sex in determining longevity.
Beef palatability and its relationship with protein degradation and muscle fibre type profile in longissimus thoracis in Alentejana breed from divergent growth pathways.; The traditional beef production in the South of Portugal is based on a discontinuous growth (DG) system that requires lower external inputs and could enhance meat quality and financial returns to cattle producers. This system allows farmers to take advantage of the bull's compensatory growth when the pasture is abundant and finishes the cattle on concentrates for 2 to 3 months before slaughter. The fast gain rate before slaughter could be a valuable strategy to improve tenderness and to reduce its inconsistency in beef production. Therefore, the aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of production system (continuous growth (CG) v. DG) on longissimus thoracis muscle properties from Alentejana bulls. In total, 40 Alentejana male calves were allocated to two distinct feeding regimes: in the CG system, animals were fed concentrate plus hay and slaughtered at 18 months of age, whereas in the DG system, animals were fed on hay until 15 months of age and then fed the same diet provided to the CG group until 24 months of age. The DG system had a positive impact on meat tenderness (P<0.001) and global acceptability (P<0.001). DG bulls had greater fibre cross-sectional area (CSA) of glycolytic fibres (P<0.05) and relative area of the muscle (RA) occupied by type IIX fibres (P<0.01) and greater levels of α-actinin (P<0.05) and myosin light chain 2 (P<0.01) proteins, and pH24h (P<0.01) than CG bulls. The latter had greater CSA of type I (P<0.05) and type IIA (P<0.01) and greater RA of type IIA (P<0.05) and oxidative (P<0.05) than CG bulls. The compensatory growth production system had a positive impact on meat tenderness and global acceptability, overcoming the negative effects of slaughter of the bulls at a later age. The DG beef system could be a worthwhile strategy of beef production in Mediterranean areas due to the low-quality pasture in summer.
Geographical PCB and DDT patterns in shearwaters (Calonectris sp.) breeding across the NE Atlantic and the Mediterranean archipelagos.; Although seabirds have been proposed as useful biomonitors for organochlorine contaminants (OCs) in marine environments, their suitability is still unclear. To understand the geographic variability and the influence of seabird trophic ecology in OC levels, we analyzed PCBs, DDTs, delta(13)C, and delta(15)N in the blood of adult Calonectris shearwaters throughout a vast geographic range within the northeast Atlantic Ocean (from Cape Verde to Azores) and the Mediterranean Sea (from the Alboran Sea to Crete). OC concentrations were greater in birds from the Mediterranean than in those from the Atlantic colonies, showing higher and lower chlorinated PCB profiles, respectively. This large-scale pattern may reflect the influence of historical European runoffs in the Mediterranean basin and diffused sources for OCs in remote Atlantic islands. Spatial patterns also emerged within the Atlantic basin, probably associated with pollutant long-range transport and recent inputs of DDT in the food webs of shearwaters from Cape Verde and the Canary islands. Moreover, a positive association of OC concentrations with delta(15)N within each locality points out diet specialization as a major factor explaining differences in OCs at the intraspecific level. Overall, this study highlights wide range breeding seabirds, such as Calonectris shearwaters, as suitable organisms for biomonitoring large geographic trends of organochlorine contamination in the marine environment.
Olive oil intake and breast cancer risk in the Mediterranean countries of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition study.; Although there is some evidence suggesting that olive oil could reduce breast cancer (BC) risk, the epidemiological data are still relatively limited, not entirely consistent and mainly based on case-control studies. Therefore, we prospectively assessed the association between olive oil and BC risk in postmenopausal women from the Mediterranean cohorts within the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition. The analysis included 62,284 postmenopausal women recruited from Spain, Italy and Greece who had complete dietary data (collected from validated country-specific dietary questionnaires). The risk of BC (overall and by hormone receptor subtypes) was assessed using hazards ratios (HRs) obtained from Cox proportional hazards regression, while adjusting for known BC risk factors. After a mean follow-up of 9 years, 1,256 women were diagnosed with a primary incident invasive BC. The multivariate HRs for BC risk by olive oil intake (highest vs. lowest tertile of g/day/2,000 kcal) were 1.07 (95% CI = 0.91-1.25) in the adjusted model, 1.06 (95% CI = 0.91-1.24) in the model additionally adjusted for reproductive-related factors and 1.10 (95% CI = 0.92-1.31) for the model additionally adjusted for dietary factors. There was no association between olive oil and risk of estrogen or progesterone receptor-positive tumors, but a suggestion of a negative association with estrogens and progesterone receptor-negative tumors. The results from our prospective study showed that olive oil consumption during adult life was not associated with the risk of BC. However, larger prospective studies are still needed to explore possible differences related to hormone receptor status.
[Evaluation of the effect of a "Mediterranean diet" and pre-pregnancy body mass on fetal growth].; In this study we compared the pregravidic body mass index (Quetelet index) with some variables recorded during pregnancy (caloric intake; weight increase, neonatal birth weight) in a group of patients consumers of a typical mediterranean diet. We studied the dietary habits of 100 pregnant women with gestational ages between 13 and 38 weeks. Each woman has been provided with daily, for seven consecutive days. The data have been analyzed evaluating, for each dietary componene, the caloric, proteic, glucidic, lipidic and microelements share. Our results showed degree of pregravidic obesity. However also in overweight patients that used diets with caloric intake as low as about 1600 Kcal/day, the neonatal weights were always within the normal range, confirming the adequacy of the "mediterranean diet" to the specific nutritional needs in pregnancy. Neonatal weight was better correlated to the pregravidic IQ than to the caloric intake.
Physical activity mediates the protective effect of the Mediterranean diet on children's obesity status: The CYKIDS study.; OBJECTIVE: There is some evidence regarding the association between adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) and obesity among adults; to our knowledge, however, no relevant data exist for children. We investigated the association between adherence to the MD and obesity status in children. METHODS: A national cross-sectional study among 1140 children (mean age 10.7+/-0.98 y) was carried out in Cyprus using stratified multistage sampling design. Body mass index was calculated according to International Obesity Task Force criteria, from parental reference. Adherence to the MD was assessed by the Mediterranean Diet Quality Index for children and adolescents (KIDMED diet score). To test the research hypothesis, a logistic regression analysis was applied with two dependent variable categories of obesity status, normal weight (NW) versus overweight/obese (OW/OB), and the three categories of the KIDMED score independently, after controlling for several potential confounders. RESULTS: Compared with low MD adherers, children with a high KIDMED score were 80% less likely to be OW/OB (95% confidence interval 0.041-0.976), adjusted for age, gender, parental obesity status, parental educational level, and dietary beliefs and behaviors (model 2). When physical activity was taken into account, however, the aforementioned relation was not significant (model 3; odds ratio 0.20, 95% confidence interval 0.021-1.86). Furthermore, male gender, maternal obesity, and dietary beliefs and behaviors emerged as more significant in predicting obesity in children compared with their KIDMED score. CONCLUSION: Adherence to the MD is inversely associated with obesity in this sample of 9- to 13-y-old children; however, other behaviors, and in particular physical activity, maternal obesity, dietary beliefs and behaviors, seem to be more significant.
Comment on Meneghini et al. The Impact of Nutritional Therapy in the Management of Overweight/Obese PCOS Patient Candidates for IVF. Nutrients 2023, 15, 4444.; We read with great interest the recent article by Meneghini et al. on the assessment of the effects of different alimentary regimens, included Mediterranean diet (MD), on polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) patients prior to in vitro fertilization cycles [...].
Ethnobotanic importance of plants used in pigeon-breeding in Eastern Spain.; BACKGROUND: The importance that birds of the Columbidae family have had throughout history is visible on the Mediterranean coast. Pigeon fancying is the art of breeding and training carrier pigeons and currently, several breeds exist. The sport of racing pigeons consists in covering a distance at maximum possible speed. However, pigeon breeding has another modality called "sport pigeon", where several males follow a female. This study focusses on ethnobotanical knowledge of native and exotic plant species that are used for diet, breeding, stimulation, healing illnesses and staining the plumage of pigeons bred in captivity. METHODS: Using semi-structured interviews, we gathered information about the different plant species traditionally used for pigeon-breeding in the region of Valencia. Background material on remedies for bird illnesses was gathered from folk botanical references, local books and journals.The plant species were collected in the study area, then identified in the laboratory using dichotomous keys and vouchered in the ABH (Herbarium of Alicante University). We used Excel (®) 2003 to perform a simple statistical analysis of the data collected. RESULTS: We collected 56 species of plants (and one variety) that included 29 botanical families. The total number of species was made up of 35 cultivated and 21 wild plants. The most common were Gramineae (14 species), Leguminosae (6 species), and Compositae (4 species). CONCLUSIONS: Pigeon breeding is an immensely popular activity in Eastern Spain, and ethnobiological knowledge about breeding pigeons and caring for them is considerable. The names and traditional uses of plants depend on their geographical location, vernacular names serve as an intangible heritage. Feeding, environmental features, and genetic makeup of individuals are relevant aspects in the maintenance of avian health.
A low intake of antioxidant nutrients is associated with poor semen quality in patients attending fertility clinics.; OBJECTIVE: To compare specific nutrient intake between normospermic and oligoasthenoteratospermic patients attending infertility clinics in two Mediterranean provinces of Spain. DESIGN: Case-control study. SETTING: Private fertility clinics in southeastern Spain. PATIENT(S): Thirty men with poor semen quality (case subjects) and 31 normospermic control subjects of couples attending our fertility clinics. INTERVENTION(S): We recorded dietary habits and nutrient consumption using a food frequency questionnaire adapted to meet specific study objectives. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): We calculated nutrient intakes by multiplying the frequency of use for each food by the nutrient composition of the portion size specified on the food frequency questionnaire and by addition across all foods to obtain a total nutrient intake for each individual. Semen quality was assessed by measuring volume, concentration, motility, and morphology. Hormones levels were also analyzed in case and control subjects. RESULT(S): In the logistic regression, control subjects had a significantly higher intake of carbohydrates, fiber, folate, vitamin C, and lycopene and lower intakes of proteins and total fat. CONCLUSION(S): A low intake of antioxidant nutrients was associated with a poor semen quality in this case-control study of Spanish men attending infertility clinics.
The Treatment of Obese Pregnant Women (TOP) study: a randomized controlled trial of the effect of physical activity intervention assessed by pedometer with or without dietary intervention in obese pregnant women.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to assess physical activity intervention assessed by a pedometer with or without dietary intervention on gestational weight gain (GWG) in obese pregnant women by comparing with a control group. STUDY DESIGN: This study was a randomized controlled trial of 425 obese pregnant women comparing 3 groups: (1) PA plus D, physical activity and dietary intervention (n = 142); (2) PA, physical activity intervention (n = 142); and (3) C, a control group receiving standard care (n = 141). All participants routinely in gestational weeks 11-14 had an initial dietary counseling session and were advised to limit GWG to less than 5 kg. Physical activity intervention included encouragement to increase physical activity, aiming at a daily step count of 11,000, monitored by pedometer assessment on 7 consecutive days every 4 weeks. Dietary intervention included follow-up on a hypocaloric Mediterranean-style diet. Instruction was given by a dietician every 2 weeks. The primary outcome measure was GWG, and the secondary outcome measures were complications of pregnancy and delivery and neonatal outcome. RESULTS: The study was completed by 389 patients (92%). Median values of GWG (ranges) were lower in each of the intervention groups (PA plus D, 8.6 [-9.6 to 34.1] kg, and group PA, 9.4 [-3.4 to 28.2] kg) compared with the control group (10.9 [-4.4 to 28.7] kg [PA+D vs C]; P = .01; PA vs C; P = .042). No significant difference was found between the 2 intervention groups. In a multivariate analysis, physical activity intervention decreased GWG by a mean of 1.38 kg (P = .040). The Institute of Medicine's recommendations for GWG were more frequently followed in the intervention groups. CONCLUSION: Physical activity intervention assessed by pedometer with or without dietary follow-up reduced GWG compared with controls in obese pregnant women.
Effects of the mediterranean lifestyle program on multiple risk behaviors and psychosocial outcomes among women at risk for heart disease.; BACKGROUND: The Mediterranean Lifestyle Program was evaluated for its effects on multiple behavioral risk factors for coronary heart disease (CHD) among postmenopausal women with diabetes. PURPOSE: Our purpose is to test a comprehensive lifestyle management intervention to reduce CHD risk in postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Participants (N = 279) were randomized to usual care (UC) or Mediterranean Lifestyle Program, a lifestyle change intervention aimed at the behavioral risk factors (eating patterns, physical activity, stress management, and social support) affecting risk for CHD in postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes. RESULTS: In original and intent-to-treat analyses, Mediterranean Lifestyle Program participants showed significantly greater improvement in dietary behaviors, physical activity, stress management, perceived support, and weight loss at 6 months compared to UC. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrated the effectiveness of the Mediterranean Lifestyle Program in improving self-care among women with type 2 diabetes, showed that postmenopausal women could make comprehensive lifestyle changes, and provided evidence that a program using social-cognitive strategies and peer support can be used to modify multiple lifestyle behaviors.
Food, energy and macronutrient intake of postmenopausal women from a menopause program.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to analyse the food, energy and macronutrient intake of a group of postmenopausal women participating in a health-care-program. METHODS: Subjects included were 38 healthy postmenopausal women aged between 46 and 60 years, recruited from the Menopause Program of the Madrid City Council. Physical activity, some anthropometric data and dietary information was obtained using a modified version of the dietary history method, which contained a 24-hour-recall and a food frequency questionnaire covering the preceding month as reference period. Dietary quality indexes, including those of the energy provided by macronutrients, alcohol and fatty acids and PUFA + MUFA/SFA and PUFA/SFA ratios were calculated. RESULTS: This group consumed a diet very similar to the traditional Mediterranean diet. Intake of vegetables (415 +/- 165 g/d), fruits (396 +/- 178 g/d) and fish (131 +/- 69 g/d) was high and a wide variety of these products was consumed. Potato and cereal (157 +/- 76 g/d) intake was low. Dairy products, meat, poultry and eggs were only a modest part of this diet. The fat quality (PUFA + MUFA/SFA = 2.26) was satisfactory. CONCLUSION: The diet of this group of postmenopausal women attending a prevention program closely conforms to current nutritional guidelines. Physical activity, body weight and intake of vegetable foods are adequate and may be very useful to counterbalance the increased risk of several pathologies after menopause. However, consumption of carbohydrate rich foods is lower than recommended. Participation in the menopause health-care-program is useful for weight control and dietary advice.
Reproduction and survival in Mediterranean fruit flies: a "protein and energy" free radical model of aging.; We propose a "protein and energy" free radical model of aging that predicts patterns of survival and fertility curves for Mediterranean fruit flies. Mathematical and simulation models of individual physiological processes were constructed in terms of stochastic differential equations. The free radical theory of aging was used as a basis for construction of the model and was extended to describe the dynamics of the protein and energy balance in the functioning organism, including the concept of a maximum capacity for energy production. We fit the model to observed patterns of survival and fertility in flies given the basic diet schemes used in respective experiments. Age patterns of fertility and survival were predicted under various diet scenarios using the model, revealing that the predictions of the model are in good agreement with experimental data.
[Benefits of an educational intervention on diet and anthropometric profile of women with one cardiovascular risk factor].; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: To assess whether an educational intervention in perimenopausal women with hypertension, diabetes mellitus and/or dyslipidaemia would improve adherence to a Mediterranean diet pattern and achieve changes in anthropometric parameters. PATIENTS: Randomized clinical trial of parallel groups: 320 women (45-60 years) in 2 urban primary care services. VARIABLES STUDIED: hip and waist circumference, body mass index (BMI), total, visceral and trunk fat (bioimpedance measures) and adherence to Mediterranean diet (MEDAS-14 questionnaire). Intervention group: 3 interactive workshops on prevention of cardiovascular disease, and control group: information by post. RESULTS: Two hundred and thirty women completed the study (113 control group and 117 intervention group). The differences between groups were significant in all parameters one year later. In the intragroup comparison, the intervention group maintained their BMI and improved adherence to the Mediterranean diet. The control group increased their BMI, abdominal and hip circumference and fat parameters (total, visceral and trunk fat). CONCLUSIONS: A simple educational intervention in perimenopausal women with cardiovascular risk can improve their healthy habits.
Fruit, vegetables, and olive oil and risk of coronary heart disease in Italian women: the EPICOR Study.; BACKGROUND: Many observational studies support the recommendation to eat sufficient amounts of fruit and vegetables as part of a healthy diet. OBJECTIVE: The present study aimed to investigate the association between consumption of fruit, vegetables, and olive oil and the incidence of coronary heart disease (CHD) in 29,689 women enrolled between 1993 and 1998 in 5 European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) cohorts in northern (Turin and Varese), central (Florence), and southern (Naples and Ragusa) Italy. DESIGN: Baseline dietary, anthropometric, and lifestyle characteristics were collected. Major events of CHD (fatal and nonfatal myocardial infarction and coronary revascularization) were identified through a review of clinical records. Analyses were stratified by center and adjusted for hypertension, smoking, education, menopause, physical activity, anthropometric measures, nonalcohol energy, alcohol, total meat, vegetables in analyses for fruit, and fruit in analyses for vegetables. RESULTS: During a mean follow-up of 7.85 y, 144 major CHD events were identified. A strong reduction in CHD risk among women in the highest quartile of consumption of leafy vegetables (hazard ratio: 0.54; 95% CI: 0.33, 0.90; P for trend = 0.03) and olive oil (hazard ratio: 0.56; 95% CI: 0.31, 0.99; P for trend = 0.04) was found. In contrast, no association emerged between fruit consumption and CHD risk. CONCLUSION: An inverse association between increasing consumption of leafy vegetables and olive oil and CHD risk emerged in this large cohort of Italian women.
Dietary habits, nutrients and bone mass in Spanish premenopausal women: the contribution of fish to better bone health.; The moderate consumption of fish is recommended for a healthy diet and is also a feature of the Mediterranean diet. Fish is a major food group in diets throughout the world, and studies show that fish consumption is associated with a lower risk of a number of conditions. Spain has one of the highest annual per capita consumptions of fish worldwide. As fish is a source of high quality protein; n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids; vitamins, such as A and D; and minerals, such as selenium, calcium, iodine, magnesium, copper and zinc, nutrients that have positive effects on bone characteristics, it has been proposed that its consumption could improve bone health. In this cross-sectional study, we have investigated the relationship between dietary habits and nutrient intake of 151 Spanish premenopausal women and analyzed the association of fish consumption on bone mass measured by quantitative ultrasound of the phalanges. A higher (P < 0.05) bone mass and vitamin D intake (P < 0.05) was observed in the group with a fish intake of 5-7 servings/week. We conclude that increased fish consumption is helpful in maintaining an adequate bone mass in Spanish premenopausal women.
The estrogenic status and the COMT genotype of female blood donors influence the protective ability of the Mediterranean plant extracts against the hydrogen peroxide-induced DNA damage in lymphocytes.; The extent of oxidative DNA damage in lymphocytes can be used as a biomarker of the level of oxidative stress in the body. The comet assay has been widely used to measure such damage. The aim of our study was to evaluate: i) the extent of the oxidative DNA damage in lymphocytes isolated from blood of female donors taken in early and late follicular phases [low (LE) and high (HE) concentration of 17beta-estradiol, respectively], ii) the susceptibility of these lymphocytes to hydrogen peroxide exposure, and iii) the protective ability of five plant extracts against the hydrogen peroxide-induced DNA damage. The effect of the catechol-O-methytransferase genotype (wild COMT H/H and mutated homozygote COMT L/L) of female donors was also analyzed. The amount of endogenous DNA damage was higher in HE lymphocytes as compared with LE ones, independently of the genotype. When lymphocytes were stratified by COMT genotype, the level of DNA damage was higher in L/L donors. The protective effect of pretreatment with plant extracts (1 and 10 micro g/ml for 1 h) against the H(2)O(2) (25 microM, 5 min. at 4 degrees C)-induced oxidative DNA damage was observed only in H/H HE lymphocytes. In contrary, the plant extract pre-incubation enhanced the DNA damage in L/L HE lymphocytes. The plant extracts alone did not induce the DNA damage. The results showed that concentration of the circulating 17beta-estradiol influenced the extent of endogenous oxidative DNA damage while the beneficial or hazardous effects of the plant extracts might depend on the COMT genotype and the estrogen level.
An active lifestyle explains sex differences in physical performance in children before puberty.; The aim of this study is to analyze differences according to sex in physical performance in children before puberty, as well as other health-related variables. Study population was 137 boys and 156 girls (9.99 +/- 0.79 years). We measured weight and height, physical performance using five field tests previously validated in children, habitual physical activity and diet quality. A multinomial logistic regression coefficient was established to calculate odd ratios (OR's) and 95% confidence intervals (CI's), to determine sex differences in performance, weight status, habitual physical activity and diet quality, and a t-test was calculated between active boys and active girls in order to establish differences in performance fitness test taking account habitual physical activity. Boys were more actives (OR 1.90, CI 1.03-3.49) and had better weight status than girls, while there was no difference in diet quality between sexes (OR 1.13, CI 0.67-1.89). In total sample, it was more probable to find greater physical fitness values in boys in all test performed. However, when both groups had a similar physical activity pattern, assessed physical fitness variables reached similar values and girls had better results only in flexibility. Sedentary patterns were more frequent in girls although there were no differences in diet quality between sexes. Girls tended to overweight more than boys did. Both sexes had a similar fitness performance before puberty for the same reported physical activity, except for flexibility, inferior in male subjects independently of their physical activity pattern.
Effect of a 6-week "Mediterranean" dietary intervention on in vitro human embryo development: the Preconception Dietary Supplements in Assisted Reproduction double-blinded randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: To study the impact of increased dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids, vitamin D, and olive oil for 6 weeks before in vitro fertilization (IVF) or IVF-intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) on morphokinetic markers of early embryo development. DESIGN: A double-blinded randomized controlled trial. SETTING: Academic IVF unit. PATIENT(S): A total of 111 couples undergoing IVF or IVF-ICSI were recruited. INTERVENTIONS(S): Fifty-five couples received the 6-week study intervention of a daily supplement drink enriched with omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin D plus additional olive oil and olive oil-based spread, and 56 couples received the control intervention. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): The primary end point for the study was the time taken for completion of the second cell cycle after fertilization (CC2). Secondary end points included time to complete the third and fourth cell cycles (CC3 and CC4), the synchrony of the second and third cell cycles (S2 and S3), and the day 3 and day 5 Known Implantation Data Scores (KIDScores). RESULT(S): There was no difference in CC2 between the two groups. However, CC4 was accelerated in the study group compared with the control group, and a significantly shortened S3 as well as an increase in KIDScore on day 3 were observed, indicating improved embryo quality in the study group. CONCLUSION(S): This study demonstrates that a short period of dietary supplementation alters the rate of embryo cleavage. Further research is required to investigate the mechanisms that regulate this effect, and whether the impact on embryo development translates into improved clinical outcomes. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ISRCTN50956936.
The Effect of Habitual Fat Intake, IL6 Polymorphism, and Different Diet Strategies on Inflammation in Postmenopausal Women with Central Obesity.; The hypothesis that habitual fat intake, the IL6 genotype, the Mediterranean diet or the central European diet for 16 weeks affect biomarkers of inflammation in centrally obese postmenopausal women, was tested in a randomized controlled trial. Dietary intake was assessed using a three-day food diary. Lipid parameters were measured using a Beckman Coulter AU analyzer. Transcription of TNF and IL6 genes was analyzed in peripheral blood mononuclear cells using real-time PCR. Concentrations of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFα) and interleukin 6 (IL6) were measured with ELISA. rs1800795 polymorphism of IL6 was analyzed using hydrolyzing probes. Higher energy intake from fat was associated with higher IL6 levels (p < 0.05). Significantly (p < 0.01) lower total cholesterol (T-C) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations were observed in the GG IL6 rs1800795 genotype group. Both diets significantly (p < 0.001) decreased TNFα concentrations. Neither IL6 gene transcription levels nor blood IL6 concentrations were affected by them. Our findings confirm that habitual fat intake may affect inflammation. The rs1800795 IL6 polymorphism alone did not significantly affect body weight or body composition in aimed group, but C-allele carriers had higher levels of T-C and LDL-C. This polymorphism did not affect inflammation. Both diets may lead to a decrease in TNFα concentration.
Five year change in alcohol intake and risk of breast cancer and coronary heart disease among postmenopausal women: prospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that postmenopausal women who increase their alcohol intake over a five year period have a higher risk of breast cancer and a lower risk of coronary heart disease compared with stable alcohol intake. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study. SETTING: Denmark, 1993-2012. PARTICIPANTS: 21 523 postmenopausal women who participated in the Diet, Cancer, and Health Study in two consecutive examinations in 1993-98 and 1999-2003. Information on alcohol intake was obtained from questionnaires completed by participants. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Incidence of breast cancer, coronary heart disease, and all cause mortality during 11 years of follow-up. Information was obtained from the Danish Cancer Register, Danish Hospital Discharge Register, Danish Register of Causes of Death, and National Central Person Register. We estimated hazard ratios according to five year change in alcohol intake using Cox proportional hazards models. RESULTS: During the study, 1054, 1750, and 2080 cases of breast cancer, coronary heart disease, and mortality occurred, respectively. Analyses modelling five year change in alcohol intake with cubic splines showed that women who increased their alcohol intake over the five year period had a higher risk of breast cancer and a lower risk of coronary heart disease than women with a stable alcohol intake. For instance, women who increased their alcohol intake by seven or 14 drinks per week (corresponding to one or two drinks more per day) had hazard ratios of breast cancer of 1.13 (95% confidence interval 1.03 to 1.23) and 1.29 (1.07 to 1.55), respectively, compared to women with stable intake, and adjusted for age, education, body mass index, smoking, Mediterranean diet score, parity, number of births, and hormone replacement therapy. For coronary heart disease, corresponding hazard ratios were 0.89 (0.81 to 0.97) and 0.78 (0.64 to 0.95), respectively, adjusted for age, education, body mass index, Mediterranean diet score, smoking, physical activity, hypertension, elevated cholesterol, and diabetes. Results among women who reduced their alcohol intake over the five year period were not significantly associated with risk of breast cancer or coronary heart disease. Analyses of all cause mortality showed that women who increased their alcohol intake from a high intake (≥14 drinks per week) to an even higher intake had a higher mortality risk that women with a stable high intake. CONCLUSION: In this study of postmenopausal women over a five year period, results support the hypotheses that alcohol intake is associated with increased risk of breast cancer and decreased risk of coronary heart disease.
Phenolic Acid Subclasses, Individual Compounds, and Breast Cancer Risk in a Mediterranean Cohort: The SUN Project.; BACKGROUND: Biological and epidemiological evidence supports an inverse association of phenolic acids with obesity-related chronic diseases. However, no previous study has prospectively evaluated the relationship between subclasses and individual compounds of phenolic acids and the risk of postmenopausal breast cancer, one of the most important and prevalent obesity-related cancer sites. OBJECTIVE: This study examined associations between subclasses of phenolic acids, including hydroxycinnamic and hydroxybenzoic acids intake, and risk of breast cancer. DESIGN: The Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra (SUN) Project is a dynamic, permanently open prospective cohort which started in 1999. PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: Participants were 10,812 middle-aged women. All of them were university graduates. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Usual diet was assessed at baseline and after 10 years of follow-up with a 136-item food frequency questionnaire. Phenolic acid intake was calculated by matching food consumption with the Phenol-Explorer database on phenolic acids content of each reported food item. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS PERFORMED: Participants were classified according to tertiles of subclasses or individual compounds of phenolic acids. Cox regression models were fitted to estimate multivariable-adjusted hazard ratios and 95% CIs for breast cancer incidence. RESULTS: Over an average of 11.8 years of follow-up, 101 incident cases of breast cancer were confirmed. After multivariable adjustment, an inverse association between hydroxycinnamic acids intake and breast cancer was observed (hazard ratio third tertile vs first tertile 0.37, 95% CI 0.16 to 0.85; P for trend=0.029) among postmenopausal women. Specifically, chlorogenic acids (3-, 4-, and 5- caffeoylquinic acids) showed the strongest inverse association (hazard ratio third tertile vs first tertile 0.33, 95% CI 0.14 to 0.78; P for trend=0.012). CONCLUSIONS: A higher intake of hydroxycinnamic acids, especially from chlorogenic acids-present in coffee, fruits, and vegetables-was associated with a lower incidence of breast cancer among postmenopausal women. Future observational studies are needed to corroborate these results.
Multi-scale effects of nestling diet on breeding performance in a terrestrial top predator inferred from stable isotope analysis.; Inter-individual diet variation within populations is likely to have important ecological and evolutionary implications. The diet-fitness relationships at the individual level and the emerging population processes are, however, poorly understood for most avian predators inhabiting complex terrestrial ecosystems. In this study, we use an isotopic approach to assess the trophic ecology of nestlings in a long-lived raptor, the Bonelli's eagle Aquila fasciata, and investigate whether nestling dietary breath and main prey consumption can affect the species' reproductive performance at two spatial scales: territories within populations and populations over a large geographic area. At the territory level, those breeding pairs whose nestlings consumed similar diets to the overall population (i.e. moderate consumption of preferred prey, but complemented by alternative prey categories) or those disproportionally consuming preferred prey were more likely to fledge two chicks. An increase in the diet diversity, however, related negatively with productivity. The age and replacements of breeding pair members had also an influence on productivity, with more fledglings associated to adult pairs with few replacements, as expected in long-lived species. At the population level, mean productivity was higher in those population-years with lower dietary breadth and higher diet similarity among territories, which was related to an overall higher consumption of preferred prey. Thus, we revealed a correspondence in diet-fitness relationships at two spatial scales: territories and populations. We suggest that stable isotope analyses may be a powerful tool to monitor the diet of terrestrial avian predators on large spatio-temporal scales, which could serve to detect potential changes in the availability of those prey on which predators depend for breeding. We encourage ecologists and evolutionary and conservation biologists concerned with the multi-scale fitness consequences of inter-individual variation in resource use to employ similar stable isotope-based approaches, which can be successfully applied to complex ecosystems such as the Mediterranean.
A Case of Cardiomyopathy Due to Premature Ductus Arteriosus Closure: The Flip Side of Paracetamol.; Paracetamol (acetaminophen or N-acetyl-p-aminophenol) is considered a safe analgesic and antipyretic nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug commonly used during pediatric ages and during pregnancy. We report on a term neonate with closed ductus arteriosus, severe cardiomyopathy, right ventricular dysfunction, and functional stenosis of pulmonary arteries at birth after maternal self-medication with paracetamol and consumption of polyphenol-rich foods in late pregnancy. This drug, especially when associated with other vasoconstrictors (such as polyphenols), interferes with prostaglandin metabolism, which seriously accentuates the intrauterine ductus arteriosus constriction and leads to pharmacologic adverse events. We suggest maternal educational programs to avoid risky self-medications and provide training for the best diets.
Fear in grasslands: the effect of Eurasian kestrels on skylark abundances.; Predation has received considerable theoretical and empirical support in population regulation. The effect of predators, however, could be achieved in direct (killing) or indirect effects (such as displacement). In this paper, we explored the relationship between Eurasian kestrels Falco tinnunculus and skylarks Alauda arvensis in Mediterranean grasslands. First, we analysed the presence of skylarks in the kestrel diet over 9 years. We also compared a grassland area of experimentally increased kestrel density and a second grassland as control area to evaluate the direct or indirect effect on skylark abundance. We also considered two different habitats, grazed and ungrazed plots. If skylark abundance decreased as the kestrel breeding season progressed in high-density kestrel area compared with the control area, it would suggest a direct effect (predator hypothesis). If skylark abundance remains constant in both areas of contrasting kestrel density, it would suggest that skylarks avoid kestrels (avoidance hypothesis). We found that skylark abundance decreased in the kestrel area from the beginning of kestrel nest-box installation to recent years. The rate of skylark consumption decreased in a 9-year period as kestrel abundance increased, although the total amount skylark consumption did not show a decreasing trend. In addition, skylarks were more abundant in the kestrel-free area than in the kestrel area. Finally, we found that skylark abundance did not change through the kestrel breeding period in relation to grazing. We suggest that an increased breeding density of kestrels during their breeding period may force the skylarks to breed in other areas, which may explain the decline of their abundance.
Social support and social-ecological resources as mediators of lifestyle intervention effects for type 2 diabetes.; A study was conducted to determine if an intervention could change social support and social-ecological resources of post-menopausal women diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, and if those changes mediated the intervention's effects on health behaviors and outcomes. Women (N = 279) were randomly assigned to receive a comprehensive 6-month Mediterranean Lifestyle Program (MLP) or usual care from their physicians (UC). MLP was successful in changing social embeddedness and social-ecological resources, but not a measure of perceived support. Changes in social-ecological resources mediated intervention effects on fat consumption, exercise and glycemic control. The experimental manipulation of mediators and the demonstrated mediation effects support the conclusion that social-ecological resources can contribute to improvements in healthful lifestyles for women with type 2 diabetes.
Postmenopausal breast cancer risk and dietary patterns in the E3N-EPIC prospective cohort study.; Since evidence relating diet to breast cancer risk is not sufficiently consistent to elaborate preventive proposals, the authors examined the association between dietary patterns and breast cancer risk in a large French cohort study. The analyses included 2,381 postmenopausal invasive breast cancer cases diagnosed during a median 9.7-year follow-up period (1993-2005) among 65,374 women from the E3N-EPIC cohort. Scores for dietary patterns were obtained by factor analysis, and breast cancer hazard ratios were estimated by Cox proportional hazards regression for the highest quartile of dietary pattern score versus the lowest. Two dietary patterns were identified: "alcohol/Western" (essentially meat products, French fries, appetizers, rice/pasta, potatoes, pulses, pizza/pies, canned fish, eggs, alcoholic beverages, cakes, mayonnaise, and butter/cream) and "healthy/Mediterranean" (essentially vegetables, fruits, seafood, olive oil, and sunflower oil). The first pattern was positively associated with breast cancer risk (hazard ratio = 1.20, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.03, 1.38; P = 0.007 for linear trend), especially when tumors were estrogen receptor-positive/progesterone receptor-positive. The "healthy/Mediterranean" pattern was negatively associated with breast cancer risk (hazard ratio = 0.85, 95% CI: 0.75, 0.95; P = 0.003 for linear trend), especially when tumors were estrogen receptor-positive/progesterone receptor-negative. Adherence to a diet comprising mostly fruits, vegetables, fish, and olive/sunflower oil, along with avoidance of Western-type foods, may contribute to a substantial reduction in postmenopausal breast cancer risk.
Menopausal age in various ethnic groups in Israel.; The effects of various parameters on age at menopause have been investigated in five ethnic groups in Israel comprising East European, West European, North African, Israeli and other Middle Eastern (Mediterranean) women, respectively. The data were acquired by means of anonymous questionnaires and were programmed for 1770 women. Correlation coefficients between various variables and age at menopause revealed three variables which have a straight correlation, vis. obesity index, number of children, and years of amenorrhoea (during the reproductive years). The years-of-smoking variable has an inverse correlation with age at menopause. East Europeans have the highest age at menarche. Two-way analysis of variance has shown that the obesity index, years of amenorrhoea, number of children and years-of-smoking parameters are individually more important than ethnic origin. The finding that the age at menopause is highest in the North African group is explained by the higher incidence in this group of high parity, a greater number of amenorrhoea, obesity, and low cigarette consumption. Since many habits (such as smoking, diet, use of contraceptive pills, multiple partners and marital obligations) are subject to frequent change in the modern world, it is of the utmost importance to repeat such a study every few years.
Up to one-third of breast cancer cases in post-menopausal Mediterranean women might be avoided by modifying lifestyle habits: the EPIC Italy study.; PURPOSE: Breast cancer (BC) is the most frequent cancer among women in developed countries. Physical activity (PA), body mass index (BMI), and alcohol intake have been identified as relevant lifestyle modifiable risk factors for post-menopausal BC. We aimed to evaluate the role of these factors in modulating post-menopausal BC risk and to estimate the proportion of BC cases attributable to low PA, high BMI, and alcohol taking into account non-modifiable factors. METHODS: In the Italian section of the EPIC study, 15,010 post-menopausal women were recruited and provided information about dietary and lifestyle habits including PA, smoking, reproductive history, and anthropometric measurements. During 14.8 years of median follow-up, 672 incident BC cases (607 invasive and 65 in situ) were identified. RESULTS: In multivariate models, inverse associations with BC risk emerged for increasing level of total (p trend 0.02), leisure time (p trend 0.04), and occupational (p trend 0.007) PA. High BMI (HR 1.21; 95% CI 1.02-1.43 and HR 1.33; 95% CI 1.06-1.65 for overweight and obesity, respectively) and alcohol consumption higher than 10 g/day (HR 1.30; 95% CI 1.09-1.54) were associated with BC risk. We estimated that 30% (95% CI 8-50%) of post-menopausal BC cases would be avoided through an increase of leisure time PA, a BMI below 25.0, and consuming no more than one drink/day. CONCLUSIONS: This large study carried out in Mediterranean women confirms the role of PA, BMI, and alcohol consumption in modulating post-menopausal BC risk and supports the potential benefits obtainable by modifying these lifestyle factors.
[Compliance with current dietary recommendations and geographical variability of diet in women participating in 7 screening programs for breast cancer in Spain].; INTRODUCTION: A healthy diet is especially important during menopause, a period which increases the risk of various health problems. We analyzed the diet of periand postmenopausal Spanish women and the degree of compliance with current recommendations. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We studied 3574 women 45-68 years old who attended breast cancer screening programmes in 7 centres (A Coruña, Barcelona, Burgos, Palma de Mallorca, Pamplona, Valencia and Zaragoza). Diet information was collected using a food frequency questionnaire validated for the Spanish population. For the assessment of compliance with current guidelines we used the recommendations by the Spanish Society of Community Nutrition for food groups intake and by the Spanish Federation of Nutrition, Food and Dietetics for energy, vitamins and minerals intake. RESULTS: The 29% of women were obese and 42% overweight. The average caloric intake was 2.053 kcal (SD 480). The general energy profile was: 43% of the energy from the carbohydrates, 36% from fats, and 20% from proteins. There was a low vitamin D intake in all centres of the study, with an overall mean intake of 2.14 mg/day. A deficit of vitamin E intake in A Coruña and Burgos was also detected. Intake of dairy products and vegetables was high in all the study centers. The consumption of fruits and vegetables was very heterogeneous, with high intakes observed in Mallorca and Valencia and low for both food groups in A Coruña. The olive oil intake was high in all centers except Burgos with 74.3% of the women studied below the recommended 3 servings per day. CONCLUSIONS: A diet with less fat and protein and a higher consumption of vegetables, nuts and foods rich in carbohydrate might balance the energy intake and improve the quality of the diet correcting the low intakes of vitamins D and E. These recommendations are especially important in cities far from the Mediterranean coast where more breaches have been detected over the current recommendations with a lower adherence to the Mediterranean diet.
The recovery of fertility during breast-feeding in Assiut, Egypt.; A longitudinal study of twenty-six breast-feeding and twelve non-breast-feeding postpartum women was conducted in Assiut, Egypt in order to determine the time that ovulation resumed after childbirth, and the effect of breast-feeding frequency on the period of lactational anovulation. Breast-feeding women experienced the onset of follicular development, vaginal bleeding, ovulation and pregnancy significantly later than women who did not breast-feed. Ovulatory and non-ovulatory breast-feeders reported similar frequencies of breast-feeding episodes. The introduction of dietary supplements commonly preceded ovulation. An algorithm using three simple variables observable to the breast-feeding mother was found to predict up to 100% of the first ovulations. All breast-feeding women who did not give supplements and did not have a vaginal bleeding episode by 6 months postpartum were anovular by strict criteria for ovulation. Ovulation did not precede bleeding or supplementation in the women who experienced these events before 6 months, yielding a highly effective formula for preventing unplanned pregnancy by the informed use of breast-feeding.
Intake of specific fruits and vegetables in relation to risk of estrogen receptor-negative breast cancer among postmenopausal women.; In previous studies of postmenopausal women, overall intake of fruits and vegetables groups has been inversely associated with estrogen receptor-negative (ER-) breast cancer. In this analysis, we prospectively examined the associations of specific fruits and vegetables with risk of ER- postmenopausal breast cancer among 75,929 women aged 38-63 years at baseline and followed for up to 24 years. Dietary data were collected seven times during this period. Cox proportional hazard models were used, adjusting for potential confounders, including a modified Alternate Mediterranean Diet score. We ascertained 792 incident cases of ER- postmenopausal breast cancer. The multivariate relative risk (RR) for every 2 servings/week consumption for total berries was 0.82 (95 % CI = 0.71-0.96, p = 0.01), and the RR for women who consumed at least one serving of blueberries a week was 0.69 (95 % CI = 0.50-0.95, p = 0.02) compared with non-consumers. Also, the RR for consuming at least 2 servings of peaches/nectarines per week was 0.59 (95 % CI = 0.37-0.93, p = 0.02). Risk of ER- breast cancer was not associated with intakes of other specific fruits or vegetables. In conclusion, higher intake of berries and peaches was associated with lower risk of ER- breast cancer among postmenopausal women. These results are considered exploratory and need to be confirmed in further studies.
[Osteoporosis and phytoestrogens: an assessment of bone mineral density via quantitative peripheral computed tomography in milk-egg-vegetarian women in the premenopause].; PURPOSE: Noninvasive assessment of bone mineral density, geometrical and biomechanical properties in premenopausal women with dietary intake of phytoestrogens and comparison of these parameters with those of age-matched female subjects with "Mediterranean" dietary intake lacking in these substances. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Volumetric cortical, trabecular and total mineral density and bone geometrical properties were evaluated in 15 female subjects with phytoestrogens dietary intake. Peripheral quantitative Computed Tomography (pQCT) was used to make measurements at the distal radius of the nondominant forearm. Fifteen age-matched subjects with "Mediterranean" dietary intake were chosen as a control group. Cross-sectional area (Total A), trabecular area (TA), cortical area (CA), cortical thickness (CThk) and strength strain index (SSI) were assessed as biomechanical parameters. RESULTS: Daily consumption of phytoestrogens was significatively different in the two groups (phy: 17.45 mg/die vs ctr: 0.35; p < 0.0005), while calcium intake was similar (phy: 652 mg/die vs ctr: 650). Total (0.460 g/cm3 vs ctr: 0.433) and trabecular (phy: 0.209 g/cm3 vs ctr: 0.189) bone mineral densities, such as SSI (phy: 925 mm3 vs ctr: 894) values, were higher in women with dietary intake of phytoestrogens, in comparison with the relative controls, but not significantly (p = ns). Among geometrical parameters, total area and cortical area were tendential in women with a vegetarian diet while cortical thickness was the same in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: pQCT showed higher bone mineral density (total and trabecular) and SSI values in premenopausal women with dietary intake of phytoestrogens. Despite the lack of statistical significance, these preliminary results, should further support the few literature findings about the potential role of phytoestrogens consumption in preventing trabecular bone loss. However, further studies are warranted to evaluate definitively the efficacy of phytoestrogens in preventing postmenopausal osteoporosis.
A fecal near-infrared reflectance spectroscopy-aided methodology to determine goat dietary composition in a Mediterranean shrubland.; An ecologically sound approach to the problem of brush encroachment onto Israeli rangeland might be their utilization by goats, but better knowledge of the feeding selectivity and ability of goats to thrive in encroached areas is required to devise viable production systems. Direct observation of bites could provide precise and accurate estimates of diet selection, but construction of a sufficiently large database would require too much time. The present study describes the first attempt to construct fecal near-infrared reflectance spectroscopy (NIRS) calibrations of the botanical and nutritional composition of the diet, and of the total intake of free-ranging goats, based on reference values determined with bite-count procedures. Calibration of fecal NIRS was based on 43 observations encompassing 3 goat breeds and 4 periods (spring, summer, and fall of 2004, and spring of 2005). Each observation comprised 242 min of continuous recording of the species and bite-type category selected by a single animal, on each of 2 consecutive days. The mass and chemical quality of each species and bite-type category-a total of more than 200,000 bites-were determined by using the simulated bite technique. Associated feces were scanned in the 1,100- to 2,500-nm range with a reflectance monochromator. Fecal NIRS calibrations had reasonable precision for dietary percentages of the 3 main botanical components: herbaceous vegetation (as one category; R(2) = 0.85), Phillyrea latifolia (R(2) = 0.89), and tannin-rich Pistacia lentiscus (R(2) = 0.77), with SE of cross-validation (SECV) of 7.8, 6.3, and 5.6% of DM, respectively. The R(2) values for dietary percentages of CP, NDF, IVDMD, and polyethylene glycol-binding tannins were 0.93, 0.88, 0.91, and 0.74, respectively, with SECV values of 0.9, 2.1, 4.3, and 0.9% of DM, respectively. The R(2) values for intakes of herbaceous vegetation, P. latifolia, and P. lentiscus were 0.80, 0.75, and 0.65, with SECV values of 71, 64, and 46 g of DM/d, respectively. The R(2) values for the daily nutrient intakes were below 0.60. Fecal NIRS data can be used to expand the databases of botanical and nutritional dietary composition when observed and resident animals graze simultaneously, but intakes should be calculated from fecal NIRS-predicted dietary DM composition and an independent evaluation of DMI.
Enhancing support for health behavior change among women at risk for heart disease: the Mediterranean Lifestyle Trial.; This paper describes a randomized study to evaluate the effects of a comprehensive lifestyle management intervention for 279 postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes who are at elevated risk for coronary heart disease (CHD). The intervention, called the Mediterranean Lifestyle Trial, is focused on dietary factors, physical activity, social support and stress management. The Mediterranean Lifestyle Trial relies on a synthesis of Social Cognitive Theory and Social Ecologic Theory, as well as goal-systems theory, to explicitly inform the lifestyle intervention and to address maintenance. Thus, the trial should help illuminate the theoretical mechanisms responsible for lifestyle change. Primary outcome variables are dietary, stress management and physical activity behavior change, quality of life, and CHD-related biological risk factors. Hypothesized mediating variables include self-efficacy, coping, and social and environmental support. Following the initial 6-month intervention, participants in the intervention condition are randomized to one of two groups designed to enhance maintenance of effects: either a peer-led support group or a personalized multilevel community resources maintenance condition. Unlike the peer group, the personalized approach focuses on multiple levels of community resources to promote healthful lifestyle change. Because this research focuses on issues of generalization and translation to practice, the RE-AIM evaluation framework is being used to evaluate Reach, Effectiveness, Adoption, Implementation and Maintenance. This framework will help to translate research into practice by directing researchers' attention to important but seldom-investigated strategies for enhancing longer-term maintenance. Specifically, the study tests how long-term maintenance may be improved through the use of existing community resources, an intervention based on multiple environmental factors and multiple lifestyle behaviors, and lay leaders versus personalized professional support.
Genistein Supplementation and Cardiac Function in Postmenopausal Women with Metabolic Syndrome: Results from a Pilot Strain-Echo Study.; Genistein, a soy-derived isoflavone, may improve cardiovascular risk profile in postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome (MetS), but few literature data on its cardiac effects in humans are available. The aim of this sub-study of a randomized double-blind case-control study was to analyze the effect on cardiac function of one-year genistein dietary supplementation in 22 post-menopausal patients with MetS. Participants received 54 mg/day of genistein (n = 11) or placebo (n = 11) in combination with a Mediterranean-style diet and regular exercise. Left ventricular (LV) systolic function was assessed as the primary endpoint, according to conventional and strain-echocardiography measurements. Also, left atrial (LA) morphofunctional indices were investigated at baseline and at the final visit. Results were expressed as median with interquartile range (IQ). A significant improvement of LV ejection fraction (20.3 (IQ 12.5) vs. -1.67 (IQ 24.8); p = 0.040)), and LA area fractional change (11.1 (IQ 22.6) vs. 2.8 (9.5); p = 0.034)) were observed in genistein patients compared to the controls, following 12 months of treatment. In addition, body surface area indexed LA systolic volume and peak LA longitudinal strain significantly changed from basal to the end of the study in genistein-treated patients. One-year supplementation with 54 mg/day of pure genistein improved both LV ejection fraction and LA remodeling and function in postmenopausal women with MetS.
Update on fruit antioxidant capacity: a key tool for Mediterranean diet.; OBJECTIVE: To review and update the most relevant research dealing with the antioxidant properties of fruits which can be useful in Mediterranean and other healthy diets. DESIGN: Personal perspectives and late data. SETTING: International. RESULTS: The evaluation of total antioxidant capacity of fruits is of pivotal importance in assessing the nutritional attributes of these products. By means of specific breeding programmes, it is possible to select antioxidant-enriched fruit varieties. These features are susceptible to be improved through generations in order to release fruits with enhanced nutritional features. CONCLUSIONS: The availability of high quality and nutritionally enriched fruit at competitive costs may be a useful tool in the planning of healthy diets.
Diet specialization in a generalist population: the case of breeding great tits Parus major in the Mediterranean area.; The analysis of diet specialization provides key information on how different individuals deal with similar food and habitat constraints within populations. Characterizing parental diet specialization at the moment of breeding, and the consistency of these preferences under different levels of effort, may help us to understand why parents exploit alternative resources. We investigated these questions in a species commonly considered a generalist: a breeding population of Mediterranean great tits Parus major. Our aim was to determine whether they are specialists or generalists at the pair level, and the consistency of this behaviour under different levels of effort. Using proportional similarity and mean pairwise overlap indices, we found that parents showed great variability in prey selection between territories. That is, they displayed a small niche overlap. Interestingly, the most specialized breeding pairs showed a tendency to have larger broods. Additionally, we experimentally manipulated brood size and found that parents showed high short-term consistency in their foraging behaviour. They precisely adjusted the number of provisioning trips to the number of nestlings, while they were unable to modify prey proportions or prey size after brood size was changed. We can therefore characterize their foraging strategies as highly consistent. Our results suggest that although the great tit may be considered a generalist at the species or population level, there was a tendency for trophic specialization among breeding pairs. This high inter- and intrapopulation plasticity could account for their great success and wide distribution.
Towards improving sterile insect technique: Exposure to orange oil compounds increases sexual signalling and longevity in Ceratitis capitata males of the Vienna 8 GSS.; The Mediterranean fruit fly (medfly), Ceratitis capitata, is a notorious insect pest causing huge economic losses worldwide. The sterile insect technique (SIT) is widely used for its control. Using sexually mature sterilized males of the Vienna 8 (tsl) strain in the laboratory, we explored whether exposure of males to citrus compounds (separately or in a mixture) affects their sexual behaviour and if nutritional conditions and age modulate those effects. Exposed males exhibited increased sexual signalling compared to unexposed ones, particularly when fed a rich adult diet. Interestingly, and for the first time reported in medfly, exposure of Vienna 8 males to a mixture of citrus compounds increases longevity under poor adult diet conditions. We discuss the possible associated mechanisms and provide some practical implications of our results towards improving the effectiveness of SIT.
Audouin's gull chicks as bioindicators of mercury pollution at different breeding locations in the western Mediterranean.; Mercury levels of Audouin's gull are amongst the highest for Mediterranean seabirds, and have been mainly attributed to its piscivorous habits in these naturally Hg rich waters. Moreover, two additional factors could enhance its mercury intake: the consumption of discarded fish (which attain higher concentrations) and/or feeding in areas receiving Hg anthropogenic inputs. In order to differentiate the relevance of both sources we analysed Hg and stable isotopes of chick feathers from different breeding locations in western Mediterranean: one in its northern part (Ebro Delta) and two southern (Chafarinas Isl. and Alborán Isl.). The results from stable isotopes indicate that consumption of discards is higher at Alborán Isl., followed by the Ebro Delta and Chafarinas Isl. Thus, the higher mercury levels found in the Ebro Delta cannot be explained uniquely by the contribution of discarded fish to diet, but local pollution caused by the river Ebro waters accounts for Hg differences observed.
[A model of resource reallocation during physiological adaptation in Mediterranean fruit fly females].; Analysis of experimental data on longevity and fertility of females of Mediterranean fruit fly Ceratitis capitata demonstrates that flies lay fewer eggs on the average as the average life-span increases. At the same time, the values of individual life-span and the number of eggs laid are positively correlated. To explain these results, a resource model describing the allocation and reallocation of resources between two basic functions, reproduction and maintenance, was proposed. The reallocation of resources, is triggered by changes in environmental conditions such as diet changes, and the parameters of reallocation depend on the current environmental conditions. Modeling demonstrated that the results of experiments are greatly influenced by population selection and heterogeneity.
Introduction: Impact of nutrition on reproduction: an overview.; This Views and Reviews explores existing data regarding the impact of nutrition, supplements, and lifestyle changes as they relate to weight on the fertility of both men and women. Challenges and shortcomings in developing and performing well-designed studies of nutrition and fertility are reviewed in these five papers, and the best evidence is presented. Recommendations are made based on the data, such as they are. It appears that folic acid supplementation above the level used by women to reduce the risk of neural tube defects may be of value in producing favorable pregnancy outcomes. Certain polyunsaturated fatty acids may have a beneficial effect on fertility, and a Mediterranean diet may prove advantageous in both men and women. Data do not consistently support a beneficial effect of vitamin D on reproduction, and caffeine use has not been shown to have a deleterious effect. Alcohol use may negatively impact reproductive success, and smoking appears to have a clearly negative impact in both men and women. Present data consistently show that obesity is associated with reduced reproductive efficiency in both women and men, but the data do not confirm that weight loss proximate to attempts at conception will reverse this effect. We would do well to appreciate that the ongoing state of being obese appears to be more relevant to reproduction than changing the obese state.
Optimizing Dietary Habits in Adolescents with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Personalized Mediterranean Diet Intervention via Clinical Decision Support System-A Randomized Controlled Trial.; The hypothesis of this randomized controlled trial was that a clinical decision support system (CDSS) would increase adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) among adolescent females with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). The objective was to assess the impact of personalized MD plans delivered via a CDSS on nutritional status and psychological well-being. Forty adolescent females (15-17 years) with PCOS were randomly assigned to the MD group (n = 20) or the Control group (n = 20). The MD group received personalized MD plans every 15 days via a CDSS, while the Control group received general nutritional advice. Assessments were conducted at baseline and after 3 months. Results showed significantly increased MD adherence in the MD group compared to the Control group (p < 0.001). The MD group exhibited lower intakes of energy, total fat, saturated fat, and cholesterol, and higher intakes of monounsaturated fat and fiber (p < 0.05). Serum calcium and vitamin D status (p < 0.05), as well as anxiety (p < 0.05) were improved. In conclusion, tailored dietary interventions based on MD principles, delivered via a CDSS, effectively manage PCOS in adolescent females. These findings highlight the potential benefits of using technology to promote dietary adherence and improve health outcomes in this population. ClinicalTrials.gov registry: NCT06380010.
Correlation of mediterranean diet pattern and lifestyle factors with semen quality of men attending fertility clinics: A cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: While numerous studies have examined the impact of individual or combined nutrients on semen quality, research on the correlation between overall dietary patterns and semen quality remains limited. This cross-sectional study investigates the relationship between adherence to the alternative Mediterranean diet (aMED) and semen quality. METHODS: A total of 274 men, presenting with both normal and abnormal semen parameters, participated in this study. Dietary data were collected using a 147-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Participants were divided into three groups based on their adherence to the Mediterranean diet (T1, T2, and T3). Statistical analyses, including ANOVA for numerical data and Chi-square tests for categorical data, were conducted. Multivariable logistic regression models were employed to estimate the association between aMED scores and abnormal semen parameters. RESULTS: Participants in the highest adherence group (T3) were younger and had lower BMI compared to those in the other tertiles. Significant differences in sperm parameters were observed across the tertiles. T3 recorded the highest levels of sperm concentration, total sperm count, motility, progressive motility, and normal morphology (57.53 ± 36.16, 213.8 ± 158.9, 73.4 ± 25.9, 61.2 ± 24.6, and 6.42 ± 1.51, respectively), whereas T1 had the lowest values (11.92 ± 22.29, 43.3 ± 73.8, 36.7 ± 33.8, 4.6 ± 5.7, respectively). No significant differences were found in semen volume and viscosity. The regression analysis revealed a significant positive correlation between aMED scores and sperm concentration (B = 1.32, P = 0.001), total sperm count (B = 1.12, P = 0.001), and total motility (B = 0.71, P = 0.001). CONCLUSION: Adherence to a high-quality Mediterranean diet is positively associated with improved semen quality and increased male fertility potential. Promoting healthy dietary patterns may be an effective strategy to enhance sperm motility and overall male reproductive health.
Insulinemic and inflammatory dietary patterns show enhanced predictive potential for gestational diabetes mellitus risk.; CONTEXT: The putative association between proinflammatory and hyperinsulinemic dietary patterns and susceptibility to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains unclear. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to compare the risk associated with the Mediterranean diet, as well as insulinemic and proinflammatory dietary patterns, in relation to the occurrence of GDM, and evaluate their predictive value. METHODS: We prospectively followed 8, 495 women from the Maternal and Infant Health cohort in Hefei, China (2015-2021). Using a food frequency questionnaire, we calculated the Empirical Dietary Inflammatory Pattern (EDIP), the Empirical Dietary Index for Hyperinsulinemia (EDIH) score, and the Mediterranean diet (MD) score. GDM was diagnosed based on a 2-hour 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test conducted between 24 to 28 weeks of gestation. Logistic regression was used to estimate the risk of GDM, while Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curves were constructed to evaluate the predictive performance of the empirical dietary index for GDM. RESULTS: Participants who followed hyperinsulinemic or proinflammatory dietary patterns to the greatest extent had a higher risk of developing GDM. The OR for the highest quartile compared to the lowest quartile were 1.39 (95% CI: 1.30-1.49) for EDIH and 2.40 (95% CI: 1.88-3.01) for EDIP. The OR for the lowest quartile compared to the highest quartile was 1.33 (95% CI:1.14-1.55)for MD. The ROC curve analysis indicated that the combination of EDIP and EDIH (AUC = 0.81, 95% CI: 0.78-0.82, P = 0.003) can effectively predict the occurrence of GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Utilizing both empirical dietary indexes, EDIP and EDIH, might offer a potentially more effective approach in preventing GDM when compared to solely focusing on adherence to the Mediterranean diet pattern.
Oxidative DNA damage in human lymphocytes: correlations with plasma levels of alpha-tocopherol and carotenoids.; In order to investigate whether oxidative damage is associated with differences in antioxidant intake, we measured the levels of 8-oxo-7, 8-dihydro-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-oxodGuo) in lymphocytes and alpha-tocopherol and several carotenoids in plasma of women with different dietary habits. We found that women from Granada (Spain), a region with a typically Mediterranean diet, had significantly higher levels of 8-oxodGuo compared with Malmö (Sweden), a region with a Northern European dietary intake pattern (2.30 +/- 0.78 versus 1.59 +/- 1.01 8-oxodGuo/10(-6) deoxyguanosine). Levels of plasma alpha-tocopherol and carotenoids were higher in Granada and these values were significantly positively correlated with levels of 8-oxodGuo. Our results do not support the hypothesis that a Mediterranean diet rich in alpha-tocopherol and carotenoids protects cells against oxidative DNA damage. It is possible, however, that consumption of foods other than fruits and vegetables, including fats, are responsible for the higher levels of 8-oxodGuo in Granada. Further studies are warranted to better elucidate the role of antioxidants in the modulation of oxidative stress in vivo.
Dietary Patterns and Birth Weight-a Review.; Being born with low birth weight (LBW) is recognized as a disadvantage due to risk of early growth retardation, fast catch up growth, infectious disease, developmental delay, and death during infancy and childhood, as well as development of obesity and non-communicable diseases (NCDs) later in life. LBW is an indicator of fetal response to a limiting intrauterine environment, which may imply developmental changes in organs and tissue. Numerous studies have explored the effect of maternal intake of various nutrients and specific food items on birth weight (BW). Taking into account that people have diets consisting of many different food items, extraction of dietary patterns has emerged as a common way to describe diets and explore the effects on health outcomes. The present article aims to review studies investigating the associations between dietary patterns derived from a posteriori analysis and BW, or being small for gestational age (SGA). A PubMed search was conducted with the Mesh terms "pregnancy" OR "fetal growth retardation" OR "fetal development" OR "infant, small for gestational age" OR "birth weight" OR "infant, birth weight, low" AND "diet" OR "food habits". Final number of articles included was seven, all which assessed diet by use of food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Five studies explored dietary patterns using principal component analyses (PCA), while one study used cluster analyses and one study logistic regression. The studies reported between one and seven dietary patterns. Those patterns positively associated with BW were labeled "nutrient dense", "protein rich", "health conscious", and "Mediterranean". Those negatively associated with BW were labeled "Western", "processed", "vegetarian", "transitional", and "wheat products". The dietary patterns "Western" and "wheat products" were also associated with higher risk of SGA babies, whereas a "traditional" pattern in New Zealand was inversely associated with having a SGA baby. The dietary patterns associated with higher BW or lower risk of having babies born SGA were named differently, but had similar characteristics across studies, most importantly high intakes of fruits, vegetables and dairy foods. Dietary patterns associated with lower BW or higher risk for giving birth to a SGA baby were characterized by high intakes of processed and high fat meat products, sugar, confectionaries, sweets, soft drinks, and unspecified or refined grains. All studies in this review were performed in high-income countries. More research is warranted to explore such associations in low and middle income countries, where underweight babies are a major health challenge many places. Furthermore, results from studies on associations between diet and BW need to be translated into practical advice for pregnant women, especially women at high risk of giving birth to babies with LBW.
Nutrition and Female Fertility: An Interdependent Correlation.; Besides aging, a number of non-modifiable lifestyle-related factors, such as smoking, elevated consumption of caffeine and alcohol, stress, agonist sports, chronic exposure to environmental pollutants, and other nutritional habits exert a negative impact on a women's fertility. In particular, metabolic disorders including diabetes, obesity, and hyperlipidemia commonly associated to hypercaloric diets are suspected to affect a woman's fertility either by direct damage to oocyte health and differentiation, or by indirect interference with the pituitary-hypothalamic axis, resulting in dysfunctional oogenesis. Obese women show decreased insulin sensitivity determining persistent hyperinsulinemia, which may be involved in the pathogenesis of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome. Thus, the reduced insulin secretion induced by dietary adjustments is an attractive non-pharmacological treatment to prevent infertility, and a Mediterranean diet aimed at maintaining normal body mass may be effective in the preservation of ovarian health and physiology. Furthermore, in relation to the oxidative stress as a co-factor of defective oocyte maturation, an appropriate intake of proteins, antioxidants and methyl-donor supplements (1-Carbon Cycle) may decrease the bioavailability of toxic oxidants resulting in the protection of oocyte maturation.
Effect of a dietary and exercise intervention in women with overweight and obesity undergoing fertility treatments: protocol for a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Distinct molecular, inflammatory, and metabolic signatures are present in oocytes and follicular fluid derived from women with obesity when compared to those derived from normal weight women, which suggest existing signals that may program future offspring for metabolic diseases. This study aims to assess the feasibility and efficacy of a peri-conception nutrition and exercise intervention on mitigating obesity-associated changes in oocyte gene expression profiles and follicular fluid metabolites. METHODS: This single blinded randomized control trial will include 120 women with a BMI of 25-45 kg/m(2), ≥21 years of age, and undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF) treatments. Participants will be randomized to standard of care (N = 60) or an intervention group (N = 60) in a block design by polycystic ovary syndrome status. The intervention will combine a dietary component (Mediterranean meal plan) with exercise prescription following the Physical Activity Guidelines for Americans. Participants will be assessed pre- and post-intervention. The standard of care group will be offered to join the intervention group if the IVF treatments are unsuccessful as a cross over design. Recruitment is anticipated to start in July of 2021. Primary outcomes will include single oocyte gene expression profiles and follicular fluid metabolites. Mann-Whitney U nonparametric tests will be used to assess potential differences for each stratum. Follicular fluid and serum metabolites will be analyzed using a one-factor Analysis of Covariance (ANCOVA) at four levels, pair-wise comparisons using Tukey-Kramer post-hoc tests will be used to identify groups whose means differ significantly while retaining the family-wise error rate at 5%. When the design is balanced, two-way Analysis of Variance (ANOVA), or non-parametric Friedman test will be used in data analysis. Additionally, general linear models and ANCOVA may be used to control for covariates. Significance will be set at p < 0.05. Findings will be disseminated via peer-reviewed manuscripts and presentations at scientific conferences. DISCUSSION: This study will provide novel data and key information on the impact of a dietary and exercise intervention on oocyte gene expression and follicular fluid content. Results will demonstrate the potential of such intervention in mitigating obesity-induced changes in oocyte gene expression and follicular fluid metabolites. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov ( NCT04273048 ): submitted November 13, 2019; posted February 17, 2020.
[Maternal nutrition during pregnancy conditions the fetal pancreas development, hormonal status and diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome biomarkers at birth].; Pregnancy is a vital period where several hyperplasic, hypertrophic processes together with metabolic adaptation and preparation for extra-uterine life take place. Present review accounts for central aspects of nutrition throughout gestation on the embryonic and fetal periods. It is centered in the major changes occurring in fetal pancreas, with special mention to the susceptibility of this main glucose homeostasis organ to support nutritional changes during maturation and development. Studies performed in animal models as human are commented considering the role of maternal nutrition on β-cell mass size, insulin and other pancreatic hormones production, and insulin sensitivity. Details of both the thrifty genotype and phenotype hypothesis are given, indicating that hypo/subnutrition causes metabolic adaptations that permit the future body to grow and develop itself in limited environmental and energetic conditions. The Barker hypothesis is considered suggesting that this metabolic hypothesis is a double-edged sword in the actual abundance World. Lastly the review, taking into account our own research and other papers, analyses less known aspects that relate maternal diet with insulin resistance/sensitivity markers at delivery. Particularly the role of the saturated fatty acid/carbohydrate and omega-6/omega-3 ratios in the frame of maternal diet is reviewed considering the quality of those diets under the Healthy Eating Index and the Adherence to Mediterranean Diet scores and the relationship with insulin resistance profile at birth. Present review ends indicating that nutritional habits should be strongly stated before gestation in order to assure a proper nutrition since the first moment of pregnancy. This will support an adequate fetal and pancreatic growth and development, and in turn, adequate glucose homeostasis during pregnancy and later in life, slowing down or preventing from degenerative diseases related with metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Low maternal adherence to a Mediterranean diet is associated with increase in methylation at the MEG3-IG differentially methylated region in female infants.; Diet is dictated by the surrounding environment, as food access and availability may change depending on where one lives. Maternal diet during pregnancy is an important part of the in utero environment, and may affect the epigenome. Studies looking at overall diet pattern in relation to DNA methylation have been lacking. The Mediterranean diet is known for its health benefits, including decreased inflammation, weight loss, and management of chronic diseases. This study assesses the association between maternal adherence to a Mediterranean diet pattern during pregnancy and infant DNA methylation at birth. Mediterranean diet adherence in early pregnancy was measured in 390 women enrolled in the Newborn Epigenetic Study, and DNA methylation was assessed in their infants at birth. Multinomial logistic regression was used to assess the association between adherence to a Mediterranean diet and infant methylation at the MEG3, MEG3-IG, pleiomorphic adenoma gene-like 1, insulin-like growth factor 2 gene, H19, mesoderm-specific transcript, neuronatin, paternally expressed gene 3, sarcoglycan and paternally expressed gene 10 regions, measured by pyrosequencing. Infants of mothers with a low adherence to a Mediterranean diet had a greater odds of hypo-methylation at the MEG3-IG differentially methylated region (DMR). Sex-stratified models showed that this association was present in girls only. This study provides early evidence on the association between overall diet pattern and methylation at the 9 DMRs included in this study, and suggests that maternal diet can have a sex-specific impact on infant DNA methylation at specific imprinted DMRs.
Effectiveness of Lifestyle Interventions during Pregnancy on Preventing Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in High-Risk Women: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analyses of Published RCTs.; BACKGROUND: Until now, it is uncertain whether lifestyle interventions during pregnancy can prevent gestational diabetes mellites (GDM) in high-risk pregnant women. OBJECTIVE: This study aims at investigating the effectiveness of dietary interventions and/or exercise interventions during pregnancy for preventing GDM in high-risk pregnant women. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Eligible randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were selected after a search in CENTRAL, Scopus, and PubMed. Synthesis was performed for the outcome of GDM in women with any identified GDM risk factor. Separate meta-analyses (MA) were performed to assess the efficacy of either nutrition or physical activity (PA) interventions or both combined compared with standard prenatal care for preventing GDM. Subgroup and sensitivity analyses, as well as meta-regressions against OR, were performed to assess potentional heterogeneity. Overall quality, the quality of RCTs, and publication bias were also evaluated. RESULTS: A total of 13,524 participants comprising high-risk pregnant women in 41 eligible RCTs were analyzed for GDM. Women receiving only a nutrition intervention during pregnancy were less likely to experience GDM compared with women following standard prenatal care. Among 3109 high-risk pregnant women undergoing only dietary intervention for preventing GDM, 553 (17.8%) developed GDM; however, the result of the MA was marginally not significant (OR 0.73, 95%CI 0.51, 1.03; p-value 0.07), (Q 21.29, p-value 0.01; I(2) 58% (95%CI 10, 78%)). Subgroup analyses demonstrated an effect for studies that were conducted in Great Britain (OR 0.65, 95%CI 0.49, 0.81; p-value 0.003), and in Spain (OR 0.50, 95%CI 0.27, 0.94; p-value 0.03), for studies with forms of the Mediterranean diet as the intervention's component (OR 0.61; 95%CI 0.46, 0.81; p-value 0.0005), and for studies including a motivation arm in the intervention (OR 0.71, 95%CI 0.58, 0.87; p-value 0.0008). Among 2742 high-risk pregnant women being analyzed for GDM outcome after receiving only an exercise intervention, 461 (16.8%) were diagnosed with GDM. Women after receiving PA intervention were less likely to develop GDM (OR 0.64, 95%CI 0.51, 0.80; p-value < 0.0001), (Q 11.27, p-value 0.51; I(2) 0% (95%CI 0, 99%)). Finally, 1308 (17%) cases of GDM were diagnosed among 7673 high-risk pregnant women undergoing both diet and PA intervention. Women in the group of mixed lifestyle intervention had a significant reduction in incidence of GDM (OR 0.70, 95%CI 0.55, 0.90; p-value 0.005), (Q 50.32, p-value < 0.0001, I(2) 66%, (95% CI 44, 79%)). CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study support the efficacy of lifestyle interventions during pregnancy for preventing GDM in high-risk women if an exercise component is included in the intervention arm, either alone, or combined with diet. A combined lifestyle intervention including physical exercise and a Mediterranean diet accompanied by motivation support may be considered the most effective way to prevent GDM among high-risk women during pregnancy. Future research is needed to strengthen these findings.
Maternal Mediterranean Diet Adherence and Its Associations with Maternal Prenatal Stressors and Child Growth.; BACKGROUND: Psychosocial and physiologic stressors, such as depression and obesity, during pregnancy can have negative consequences, such as increased systemic inflammation, contributing to chronic disease for both mothers and their unborn children. These conditions disproportionately affect racial/ethnic minorities. The effects of recommended dietary patterns in mitigating the effects of these stressors remain understudied. OBJECTIVES: We aimed to evaluate the relations between maternal Mediterranean diet adherence (MDA) and maternal and offspring outcomes during the first decade of life in African Americans, Hispanics, and Whites. METHODS: This study included 929 mother-child dyads from the NEST (Newborn Epigenetics STudy), a prospective cohort study. FFQs were used to estimate MDA in pregnant women. Weight and height were measured in children between birth and age 8 y. Multivariable linear regression models were used to examine associations between maternal MDA, inflammatory cytokines, and pregnancy and postnatal outcomes. RESULTS: More than 55% of White women reported high MDA during the periconceptional period compared with 22% of Hispanic and 18% of African American women (P < 0.05). Higher MDA was associated with lower likelihood of depressive mood (β = -0.45; 95% CI: -0.90, -0.18; P = 0.02) and prepregnancy obesity (β = -0.29; 95% CI: -0.57, -0.0002; P = 0.05). Higher MDA was also associated with lower body size at birth, which was maintained to ages 3-5 and 6-8 y-this association was most apparent in White children (3-5 y: β = -2.9, P = 0.02; 6-8 y: β = -3.99, P = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: If replicated in larger studies, our data suggest that MDA provides a potent avenue by which effects of prenatal stressors on maternal and fetal outcomes can be mitigated to reduce ethnic disparities in childhood obesity.
Effect of weight loss and lifestyle changes on vascular inflammatory markers in obese women: a randomized trial.; CONTEXT: Obesity is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease, which may be mediated by increased secretion of proinflammatory cytokines by adipose tissue. OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of a program of changes in lifestyle designed to obtain a sustained reduction of body weight on markers of systemic vascular inflammation and insulin resistance. DESIGN AND SETTING: Randomized single-blind trial conducted from February 1999 to February 2002 at a university hospital in Italy. PATIENTS: One hundred twenty premenopausal obese women (body mass index > or =30) aged 20 to 46 years without diabetes, hypertension, or hyperlipidemia. INTERVENTIONS: The 60 women randomly assigned to the intervention group received detailed advice about how to achieve a reduction of weight of 10% or more through a low-energy Mediterranean-style diet and increased physical activity. The control group (n = 60) was given general information about healthy food choices and exercise. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Lipid and glucose intake; blood pressure; homeostatic model assessment of insulin sensitivity; and circulating levels of interleukin 6 (IL-6), interleukin 18 (IL-18), C-reactive protein (CRP), and adiponectin. RESULTS: After 2 years, women in the intervention group consumed more foods rich in complex carbohydrates (9% corrected difference; P<.001), monounsaturated fat (2%; P =.009), and fiber (7 g/d; P<.001); had a lower ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acids (-5; P<.001); and had lower energy (-310 kcal/d; P<.001), saturated fat (-3.5%; P =.007), and cholesterol intake (-92 mg/d; P<.001) than controls. Body mass index decreased more in the intervention group than in controls (-4.2; P<.001), as did serum concentrations of IL-6 (-1.1 pg/mL; P =.009), IL-18 (-57 pg/mL; P =.02), and CRP (-1.6 mg/L; P =.008), while adiponectin levels increased significantly (2.2 microg/mL; P =.01). In multivariate analyses, changes in free fatty acids (P =.008), IL-6 (P =.02), and adiponectin (P =.007) levels were independently associated with changes in insulin sensitivity. CONCLUSION: In this study, a multidisciplinary program aimed to reduce body weight in obese women through lifestyle changes was associated with a reduction in markers of vascular inflammation and insulin resistance.
The influence of Mediterranean diet in acne pathogenesis and the correlation with insulin-like growth factor-1 serum levels: Implications and results.; Acne is a chronic inflammatory disease of the pilosebaceous unit, and its etiology is complex and multifactorial. The role of the diet in its pathogenesis is still debated. The purpose of this study was to assess the association between MD and IGF-1 in acne patients and, as secondary objective, the role of systemic treatment on IGF-1 serum levels, in accordance with the patients' diet. This study included 35 patients aged 14-30 years affected by acne and treated in line with the EDF guidelines. Patients were divided into 2 groups based on a questionnaire score assessing the adherence to the Mediterranean diet: the Mediterranean Group (score ≥6) and the Western Group (score< 5). IGF-1 serum levels were measured in all patients before and after treatment and then compared to healthy population. IGF-1 levels were higher in patients than in controls and in the Western group than in the Mediterranean group. We speculate that the Mediterranean diet can have a protective role in the pathogenesis of acne by acting on the systemic route of IGF-1.
Dietary pattern and menstrual disorders among female university students.; OBJECTIVES: Assessment of the relationship between dietary patterns and menstrual disorders among female medical and paramedical students at Beni-Suef University, Egypt. METHODS: Beni-Suef University conducted a cross-sectional analytical questionnaire-based study. Three hundred fifty two female medical and paramedical students agreed to participate in the study. The collected data about demographics, physical activity, menstrual history, and dietary assessment were transferred to SPSS version 26 for statistical analysis. A p value ≤0.05 was considered statistically significant. RESULTS: The prevalence of irregular cycles, heavy blood flow, severe dysmenorrhea, and premenstrual syndrome (PMS) was found to be (21.9 %), (13.1 %), (35.5 %), and (68.9 %), respectively. Poor adherence to the Mediterranean diet (40.1 %) and physical activity (69.9 %) was present. Females with irregular cycles (p=0.472), heavy menstrual blood flow (p=0.007), and severe dysmenorrhea (p=0.029) reported lower adherence to the Mediterranean diet. Mothers' educational level (p=0.034), family income (p=0.005), and family size (p=0.009) were significantly associated with dietary adherence. CONCLUSIONS: Poor adherence to regular physical activity and the Mediterranean diet is highly prevalent in our research and is highly associated with menstruation disorders. So, it is critical to support health education programs emphasizing healthy dietary habits and regular physical activity to improve menstrual health and women's quality of life.
Maternal diet patterns during early pregnancy in relation to neonatal outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Research has established that maternal diet influences fetal growth and preterm birth, but most studies only evaluate single nutrients. Relations between dietary patterns and neonatal outcomes are understudied. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated associations of neonatal outcomes with maternal diet patterns derived using 3 a priori diet scores [Alternative Healthy Eating Index-2010 (AHEI-2010), alternate Mediterranean diet score (aMed), and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)] as well as principal components analysis (PCA). METHODS: We studied 1948 women from the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Fetal Growth Studies-Singletons, a racially diverse multisite cohort of pregnant women in the USA (2009-2013). Diet in the past 3 mo was assessed using a self-administered FFQ at 8-13 weeks of gestation. Birthweight was abstracted from medical records and neonatal anthropometry measured postdelivery using standardized protocols. RESULTS: All 3 a priori scores were significantly associated with increased birthweight, and aMed was also associated with reduced odds of low birthweight [quartile 4 versus 1: ORadj = 0.42; 95% CI: 0.18, 1.00 (P-trend = 0.02)]. Greater aMed and DASH scores were significantly associated with increased length [aMed: quartile 4 versus 1: 0.54 cm; 95% CI: 0.10, 0.99 (P-trend = 0.006); DASH: quartile 4 versus 1: 0.62 cm; 95% CI: 0.25, 0.99 (P-trend = 0.006)] and upper arm length. Neither diet pattern derived from PCA was significantly associated with birthweight. CONCLUSION: Among mostly low-risk pregnant women, pre- and early pregnancy healthful diet quality indices, particularly the aMed score, were associated with larger neonatal size across the entire birthweight distribution. In the absence of generally accepted pregnancy-specific diet quality scores, these results provide evidence for an association between maternal diet patterns and neonatal outcomes.
Maternal diet patterns during early pregnancy in relation to neonatal outcomes.; BACKGROUND: This important public health question was identified by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture (USDA) and Health and Human Services (HHS) to be examined by the 2020 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee. The 2020 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee, Pregnancy and Lactation Subcommittee conducted a systematic review to answer this question with support from the Nutrition Evidence Systematic Review (NESR) team. The goal of this systematic review was to examine the following question: What is the relationship between dietary patterns consumed during lactation and postpartum weight loss? CONCLUSION STATEMENT AND GRADE: Insufficient evidence is available to determine the relationship between dietary patterns during lactation and postpartum weight loss. (Grade: Grade not assignable). METHODS: A literature search was conducted using four databases (PubMed, Cochrane, Embase, and CINAHL) to identify articles that evaluated the intervention or exposure of dietary patterns during lactation and the outcome of postpartum weight loss, defined as change in weight from baseline (postpartum) to a later time point during the postpartum period. Postpartum weight retention was also considered as an outcome when gestational weight gain was accounted for. A manual search was conducted to identify articles that may not have been included in the electronic databases searched. Articles were screened by two NESR analysts independently for inclusion based on pre-determined criteria. Data extraction and risk of bias assessment were conducted for each included study, and both were checked for accuracy. The Committee qualitatively synthesized the body of evidence to inform development of a conclusion statement(s), and graded the strength of evidence using pre-established criteria for risk of bias, consistency, directness, precision, and generalizability. SUMMARY OF THE EVIDENCE: This systematic review includes one randomized controlled trial (RCT) conducted in the U.S., which compared postpartum weight loss (PPWL) between lactating women who were randomized to a Mediterranean-style diet vs. the USDA MyPyramid diet. The two groups showed no significant differences in PPWL. This study had notable limitations, including high attrition (approximately 21 percent), issues with implementation of the intervention, and lack of blinding of participants and investigators.
Towards a comprehensive theory of obesity and a healthy diet: The causal role of oxidative stress in food addiction and obesity.; BACKGROUND: Obesity is a major public health problem whose prevalence has been rapidly increasing in the United States (U.S), and globally. It is one of the leading causes of preventable deaths globally and contributes to the development of many diseases. METHODS: The search was limited to studies published in English and other languages involving both animal and human subjects. Articles selected included preclinical studies, randomized clinical trials RCTs, observational studies, meta-analyses, narrative and systemic reviews providing primary quantitative data with a measure of obesity or food addiction as an outcome. Over 5000 articles were found in the first round of search which was filtered to 506 articles. RESULTS: Oxidative stress plays a critical role in food addiction and is both a cause and mediator of obesity. Reactive oxygen species play a direct role in adipogenesis and oxidative stress modulates all factors involved in obesity including genetics, sleep, gut microbiome, insulin, ghrelin, inflammation, adipokines, leptin, stress, HPA axis, and the hypothalamus. CONCLUSIONS: The idea of thinking of combating obesity from the lens of calorie count, low carbohydrate, high or low-fat, vegetarian, vegan, plant-based, or animal-based diet is fundamentally wrong. The best way to look at obesity is through the framework of systemic redox homeostasis. Since redox homeostasis is tilted towards increased reactive oxygen species production, and excessive antioxidant intake can result in oxidative stress, an antioxidant and prooxidant food ratio of 2:3 per meal is the ideal nutritional ratio for good health and ideal weight. A ratio of 3:4 is ideal for obese individuals because of their state of chronic oxidative stress and inflammation. Physical activity, sleep quality, psychological stress, maternal prenatal diet and oxidative stress promoting disease conditions are important modulators of oxidative stress and obesity.
Systematic review of mediterranean diet interventions in menopausal women.; The increasing lifespan of women and their extended time spent in menopause pose significant challenges for health care systems, primarily due to the impacts of postmenopausal estrogen deficiency and aging on health. Menopause's onset is linked to a heightened prevalence of obesity, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, and osteoporosis. Diet is particularly relevant during menopause given its impact on quality of life and longevity and its modifiability. Because the Mediterranean diet is currently regarded as one of the healthiest dietary models in the world, the aim of this systematic review was to assess current evidence regarding the effectiveness of studies on the Mediterranean diet as an intervention for menopausal women. A systematic review of intervention-based studies involving the Mediterranean diet among menopausal women was performed in Scopus, PubMed, and Web of Science. The results of seven that met the inclusion criteria suggests that adherence to the Mediterranean diet can have beneficial impacts on menopausal women's health, including reductions in weight, blood pressure, blood ω6: ω3 ratio, triglycerides, total cholesterol, and LDL levels. Those results seem to be relevant for public health interventions aimed at improving menopausal women's quality of life.
Distinct maternal microbiota clusters are associated with diet during pregnancy: impact on neonatal microbiota and infant growth during the first 18 months of life.; Nutrition during pregnancy plays an important role in maternal-neonatal health. However, the impact of specific dietary components during pregnancy on maternal gut microbiota and the potential effects on neonatal microbiota and infant health outcomes in the short term are still limited. A total of 86 mother-neonate pairs were enrolled in this study. Gut microbiota profiling on maternal-neonatal stool samples at birth was carried out by 16S rRNA gene sequencing using Illumina. Maternal dietary information and maternal-neonatal clinical and anthropometric data were recorded during the first 18 months. Longitudinal Body Mass Index (BMI) and Weight-For-Length (WFL) z-score trajectories using the World Health Organization (WHO) curves were obtained. The maternal microbiota was grouped into two distinct microbial clusters characterized by Prevotella (Cluster I) and by the Ruminococcus genus (Cluster II). Higher intakes of total dietary fiber, omega-3 fatty acids, and polyphenols were observed in Cluster II compared to Cluster I. Higher intakes of plant-derived components were associated with a higher presence of the Christensellaceae family, Dehalobacterium and Eubacterium, and lower amounts of the Dialister and Campylobacter species. Maternal microbial clusters were also linked to neonatal microbiota and infant growth in a birth-dependent manner. C-section neonates from Cluster I showed the highest BMI z-score at age 18 months, along with a higher risk of overweight. Longitudinal BMI and WL z-score trajectories from birth to 18 months were shaped by maternal microbial cluster, diet, and birth mode. Diet was an important perinatal factor in early life that may impact maternal microbiota; in particular, fiber, lipids and proteins, and exert a significant effect on the neonatal microbiome and contribute to infant development during the first months of life. ABBREVIATIONS: NCDs: Non-Communicable Diseases, C-section: Cesarean Section, BMI: Body Mass Index; WL: Weight for length; EPA: Eicosapentanoic Acid; DHA: Docosahexaenoic Acid; DPA: Docosapentaenoic Acid; SCFA: Short Chain Fatty Acids; MD: Mediterranean Diet; FFQ: Food Frequency Questionnaire; CHI: Calinski Harabasz Index.
Paradigm shift in lifestyle modification for solitary kidney after donor nephrectomy.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Living donor kidney transplantation potentially leads to long-term complications including chronic kidney disease, end-stage kidney disease, elevated blood pressure, and pregnancy-associated hypertension. Given living donors generally do not have underlying medical conditions, lifestyle modifications, particularly dietary interventions may prevent those complications and improve their health outcomes. RECENT FINDINGS: Glomerular hyperfiltration occurs as physiologic adaptation during an initial postdonor nephrectomy period. In the long-term, these adaptations may become pathologic consequences resulting from hyperfiltration-mediated kidney injury and ultimately secondary focal segmental glomerulosclerosis in the solitary kidney. Dietary interventions to slow a decline in kidney function include low protein intake of <0.8 g/kg/day and low sodium consumption of 2-4 g/day as well as certain health dietary patterns. There is no evidence regarding the quantity and quality of protein that can be recommended for living kidney donors and the same for sodium. Plant Dominant (PLADO) diets, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), Mediterranean, and vegetarian diets may be favorable for living kidney donors with solitary kidney but the evidence is still lacking. SUMMARY: Although dietary interventions may provide benefits and kidney health for living kidney donors, further studies including clinical trials are required to incorporate them into clinical practice guidelines.
Adherence to index-based dietary patterns in childhood and BMI trajectory during the transition to adolescence: the EPOCH study.; BACKGROUND: In the United States, one in five adolescents are obese. Index-based dietary patterns are measures of the overall diet that have the potential to serve as valuable obesity risk stratification tools. However, little is known about the association between adherence to index-based dietary patterns in childhood and BMI during the transition from childhood to adolescence. OBJECTIVE: To prospectively examine the relationship between adherence to three index-based dietary patterns in childhood and BMI trajectory during the transition to adolescence. METHODS: The study included 581 children enrolled in a Colorado prospective cohort study conducted between 2006 and 2015. Dietary intake was assessed with the Block Kids Food Frequency Questionnaire at age 10 years. Scores were calculated for the Healthy Eating Index-2010 (HEI-2010), the alternate Mediterranean (aMED) diet, and the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet. Weight and height were assessed via anthropometry at two research visits (ages 10 and 16 years), with interim clinical measurements extracted from Kaiser Permanente medical records. Separate mixed models were used to assess the association between each diet index score and BMI over a 6-year period. Models were stratified by sex and adjusted for age, race/ethnicity, income, and exposure to gestational diabetes. RESULTS: Median (IQR) number of BMI assessments was 14 (10-18). Among girls, for every ten-unit increase in HEI-2010 score, there was an average 0.64 kg/m(2) decrease (p = 0.007) in BMI over time, after adjustment for covariates. Among girls, there was no association between BMI and aMED (β = -0.19, p = 0.24) or DASH (β = 0.28, p = 0.38). Among boys, there was no statistically significant association between BMI and HEI-2010 (0.06, p = 0.83), aMED (0.07, p = 0.70), or DASH (0.42, p = 0.06). CONCLUSIONS: Efforts to prevent adolescent obesity could benefit from considering the degree of adherence to federal dietary guidance, as assessed by the HEI, in the period preceding adolescence, especially among girls.
Hop rho iso-alpha acids, berberine, vitamin D3 and vitamin K1 favorably impact biomarkers of bone turnover in postmenopausal women in a 14-week trial.; Osteoporosis is a major health issue facing postmenopausal women. Increased production of pro-inflammatory cytokines resulting from declining estrogen leads to increased bone resorption. Nutrition can have a positive impact on osteoporosis prevention and amelioration. The objective of this study was to investigate the impact of targeted phytochemicals and nutrients essential for bone health on bone turnover markers in healthy postmenopausal women. In this 14-week, single-blinded, 2-arm placebo-controlled pilot study, all women were instructed to consume a modified Mediterranean-style low-glycemic-load diet and to engage in limited aerobic exercise; 17 randomized to the placebo and 16 to the treatment arm (receiving 200 mg hop rho iso-alpha acids, 100 mg berberine sulfate trihydrate, 500 IU vitamin D(3) and 500 microg vitamin K(1), twice daily). Thirty-two women completed the study. Baseline nutrient intake did not differ between arms. At 14 weeks, the treatment arm exhibited an estimated 31% mean reduction (P = 0.02) in serum osteocalcin (a marker of bone turnover), whereas the placebo arm exhibited a 19% increase (P = 0.03) compared to baseline. Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) increased by 13% (P = 0.24) in the treatment arm and decreased by 25% (P < 0.01) in the placebo arm. The between-arm differences for OC and 25(OH)D were statistically significant. Serum IGF-I was increased in both arms, but the increase was more significant in the treatment arm at 14 weeks (P < 0.01). Treatment with hop rho iso-alpha acids, berberine sulfate trihydrate, vitamin D(3) and vitamin K(1) produced a more favorable bone biomarker profile that supports a healthy bone metabolism.
Onset and evolution of stunting in infants and children. Examples from the Human Nutrition Collaborative Research Support Program. Kenya and Egypt studies.; The etiology of the early onset of stunting is diverse among populations of varying biological, environmental and cultural circumstances. This is exemplified within the Nutrition CRSP project, which took place in three different populations and ecological conditions. Within each study area a different mix and varying proportions of causative factors were identified. At least in Kenya, and probably in Mexico, the problem has its antecedents in prepregnancy and pregnancy. Powerful determinants of the infants' size at birth and during the first 6 months of life are maternal size upon entry into pregnancy, and weight and fat gain during pregnancy and lactation. In all three countries a low pregnancy weight gain was observed. Notably in Kenya, where the energy intake of the mother decreases progressively throughout pregnancy, not only do mothers gain only half as much as European or North American women, but they even lose weight and fat in the last month of pregnancy, and some mothers gain no weight or lose weight during the whole of pregnancy. Mothers in Kenya start lactation with relatively poor fat stores. Although their energy intake increases somewhat during lactation, preliminary estimates suggest that these increases may be insufficient to maintain their bodily integrity, to carry out their normal tasks of daily living, and to produce a sufficient amount of milk for optimal infant growth. In addition to an energy deficit, diet quality is a problem, particularly in Kenya and Mexico and less so in Egypt. Intakes of animal products and animal protein are very low. Zinc and iron intakes are not only low, but the bioavailability of these nutrients is poor because of the high phytate, fiber and tea content of the diet. Also vitamin B12 intake is extremely low, and at least mild-to-moderate iodine deficiency (IDD) is present in Kenya. The above micronutrients have been demonstrated to affect the linear growth of the Kenyan children, even after confounding factors have been controlled. The early use of supplemental feeding in Kenya is a double-edged sword. On the one hand, there is a slight increase in febrile illness and possible displacement of breast milk intake in the supplemented infants, although mothers do not decrease breast feeding frequency and duration. On the other hand, even the modest amounts of available zinc and B12 in supplemental foods appear to have a positive effect on linear growth.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Protocol for a 20-year follow-up after a randomized controlled trial of a Mediterranean diet in pregnancy: maternal and offspring risk factors for cardiovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: An inadequate maternal diet during pregnancy can impair offspring health and may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease later in life. The purpose of the proposed study is to assess the risk factors associated with cardiovascular disease in both mothers and their offspring 20 years following their participation in a Mediterranean diet intervention trial during pregnancy. METHODS: The "Cardiovascular Risk Reduction Diet In Pregnancy" (CARRDIP) study was a randomized controlled trial performed between 1999 and 2001. The participants were randomized to adhere to either a Mediterranean diet or their regular diet during pregnancy. An extensive amount of data such as diet information, ultrasound measurements, anthropometry, and biomarkers from these mothers during pregnancy and their offspring in the neonatal period were collected. The mother-offspring pairs (n = 269) from the CARRDIP study will be invited to participate in a clinical examination and blood sample collection. This follow-up study, conducted 20 years after the original CARRDIP study, will investigate cardiovascular risk factors in mothers and offspring. The primary outcome will be the blood pressure of the offspring. In addition, the study will explore various aspects of cardiovascular health, including metabolic and inflammatory status, clinical history, and body composition of the participants. DISCUSSION: Previous studies investigating the effects of nutrition during pregnancy on maternal and offspring health have been either observational studies, animal studies, or randomized controlled trials with a follow-up period of less than 5 years. This project aims to study the long-term effects of dietary intervention during pregnancy on maternal and offspring cardiovascular risk markers. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov, identifier (NCT05030922).
Effects of Mediterranean diet during pregnancy on the onset of overweight or obesity in the offspring: a randomized trial.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The PREMEDI study was designed to assess the efficacy of nutritional counseling aimed at promoting Mediterranean Diet (MD) during pregnancy on the incidence of overweight or obesity at 24 months in the offspring. METHODS: PREMEDI was a parallel-arm randomized-controlled trial. 104 women in their first trimester of pregnancy were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to standard obstetrical and gynecological care alone (CT) or with nutritional counseling promoting MD. Women enrolled in the MD arm were provided with 3 sessions of nutritional counseling (one session per trimester). The main outcome was the proportion of overweight or obesity among the offspring at the age of 24 months. Maternal MD-adherence and weight gain during pregnancy were also evaluated. Lastly, the evaluation of epigenetic modulation of metabolic pathways in the offspring was analyzed in cord blood. RESULTS: Five women in the MD arm and 2 in the CT arm were lost to follow-up, so a total of 97 completed the study. At 24 months, children of MD mothers were less likely to have overweight or obesity than those of the CT mothers (6% vs. 33%, absolute risk difference = -27%, 95% CI -41% to -12%, p < 0.001; number needed to treat 3, 95% CI 2 to 8, intention to treat analysis). A significantly higher increase of MD-adherence during the trial was observed in the MD arm compared to the CT arm. A similar body weight gain at the end of pregnancy was observed in the two arms. The mean (SD) methylation rate of the leptin gene in cord blood was 30.4 (1.02) % and 16.9 (2.99) % in the CT and MD mothers, respectively (p < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: MD during pregnancy could be an effective strategy for preventing pediatric overweight or obesity at 24 months. This effect involves, at least in part, an epigenetic modification of leptin expression.
Breast cancer and obesity.; Epidemiological evidence links breast cancer, a typical endocrine-related tumor, with western lifestyle, in particular eating habits. Yet, it's necessary to distinguish premenopausal from postmenopausal breast cancer. Visceral obesity and body weight gain are considered responsible for the increased risk of postmenopausal breast cancer. In fact, the mammary gland is sensitive to the level of circulating estrogens, visceral obesity is usually associated with higher levels of free steroid hormones, and the adipose tissue performs important endocrine function (clearance and aromatisation of androgens, regulation of free testoterone/DHEAS molar ratio). Before menopause, ovarian polycystosis is often seen with android obesity, and breast cancer risk could arise; however, as visceral obesity is generally less frequent, genetic factors are more important than nutritional ones. Furthermore, variations have been recorded in the secretion of insulin and insulin-like growth factors, involved in the genesis of the breast cancer. High body weight and male fat distribution negatively influence prognosis of breast cancer, too; this association is linked with the presence of estrogen and progesterone receptors in tumoral cells. Links between diet quality and breast cancer risk are shown: increased use of saturated fats and animal proteins, and a consequently decreased use of vegetables, legumes and fruit, constituting the so-called Mediterranean diet, are considered responsible for the increased risk of breast cancer. Lower fat and alcohol ingestion, the use of dietary fibre and a higher use of complex carbohydrates could reduce breast cancer risk. Finally, starting from the results of our previous animal researches, we suggest using a tryptophan devoid diet for a few days for premenopausal women with male obesity and alterations to the menstrual cycle.
The effect of personal, familial, and environmental characteristics on acne vulgaris: a prospective, multicenter, case controlled study.; BACKGROUND: There are only a few studies about epidemiological features of acne vulgaris in the literature. The aim of this study was to analyze demographic, clinical, familial and environmental characteristics of acne, the role of diet and aggravating factors and association of these factors with acne severity. METHODS: Patients with a diagnosis of mild-moderate to severe acne were consecutively interviewed at the participating centers during the study period. RESULTS: A total of 3826 patients and 759 control patients were involved in this study. Mild acne was the most common type of acne, and most of the lesions were localized on face followed by the trunk. The severity of acne was worse in patients who had a positive family history of acne. The most common triggering factor was psychological stress. We found a positive correlation with chocolate, bread, green tea, milk, white sugar, ripe banana, ice cream, apple, orange, and red meat consumption. As we compare the acne severity according to geographical features we detected mild- moderate acne was more common in Mediterranean region and severe acne was more common in East Anatolian region. Family history positivity was more common in Aegean region and least common in Central Anatolian region. There was statistically significant relationship as we compare acne severity and dietary factors such as chocolate, dairy products such as milk, sunflower seed consumption within the geographical regions. CONCLUSIONS: This study presents the demographic and clinical characteristics of acne patients in Asian and the European parts of Turkey. We believe that this study will provide a useful overview of acne in Turkey.
Maternal grazing on stubble and Mediterranean shrubland improves meat lipid profile in light lambs fed on concentrates.; Concentrates-fed lamb meat is often associated with an unfavourable lipid profile (high levels of saturated and/or n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids; SFA and PUFA). For this reason, Spanish sheep producers from Mediterranean areas are turning to traditional grazing by ewes to obtain healthier lamb meat. The objective of this research was to determine the effects of maternal grazing on the fatty acid (FA) composition of weaned lamb meat. The ewes (Segureña breed) were allocated to two different rearing systems during pregnancy (5 months) and lactation (45 days): (i) feeding indoors on barley grain and lucerne pellets; (ii) grazing on cereal stubble, fallow land and seasonal pastures consisting of Mediterranean shrubs, herbs and trees. Two groups of 20 autumn and spring lambs were sampled. The lambs were weaned at 13.1±0.9 kg and 45.0±4.1 days age and fed on grain-based concentrates until they reached 24.8±2.1 kg live weight (light lambs slaughtered at 98.3±3.6 days of age). The FA content was determined in the intramuscular loin fat by gas chromatography using a flame ionization detector. The ewe diet did not affect the levels of the main lamb FAs (C18:1c+t, C16:0 and C18:2c), and so did not provide any additional reduction in fat saturation. Saturated fatty acids represented around 40% of total FAs determined in the meat. Ewe grazing acted as an n-3 PUFA-promoting diet, providing a lamb meat with a lower n-6/n-3 ratio. Spring lamb meat had higher proportions of n-3 PUFA (C18:3n-3, C20:5, C22:5 and C22:6) and conjugated linoleic acid (C18:2c9t11+c11t9) to the detriment of the n-6 PUFAs (C20:4, C20:2 and C22:4), while autumn lamb meat also had higher levels of C18:3n-3 and C18:3n-6, and lower level of C20:4, which points to little seasonal differences. The n-6/n-3 ratio achieved by ewe grazing fell from 8.2 to 4.1 (Spring) and from 7.6 to 5.5 (Autumn), values which are close to those recommended in human diet for good cardiovascular health. These n-6/n-3 reductions were associated with lower levels of total PUFA and C20:4n-6. Our research concluded that grazing on stubble and Mediterranean shrubland by ewes, a sustainable rearing practice involving local agro resources, contributed to obtaining weaned lamb meat with a more favourable lipid profile and so can be recommended to sheep farmers.
Effects of the Mediterranean Diet during pregnancy on the onset of allergy in at risk children: A study protocol of a multi-center, randomized- controlled, parallel groups, prospective trial (the PREMEDI study).; INTRODUCTION: Maternal diet during pregnancy has been linked to offspring allergy risk and it could represent a potential target for allergy prevention. The Mediterranean Diet (MD) is considered one of the healthiest dietary models. Randomized-controlled trials on the effect of MD in preventing pediatric allergic diseases are still needed. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: The Mediterranean Diet during Pregnancy study (PREMEDI) will be a 9-month multi-center, randomized-controlled, parallel groups, prospective trial. Healthy women (20-35 years) at their first trimester of pregnancy at risk for atopy baby, will be randomly allocated to Group 1 (standard obstetrical and gynecological follow-up and nutritional counseling to promote MD) or Group 2 (standard obstetrical and gynecological follow-up alone). 138 mother-child pair per group will be needed to detect a reduction in cumulative incidence of ≥1 allergic disease at 24 months of age. The primary study aim will be the evaluation of the occurrence of allergic disorders in the first 24 months of life. The secondary aims will be the evaluation of maternal weight gain, pregnancy/perinatal complications, growth indices and occurrence of other chronic disorders, mother-child pair adherence to MD and gut microbiome features, breastfeeding duration and breast milk composition, epigenetic modulation of genes involved in immune system, and metabolic pathways in the offspring. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: The study protocol has been approved by the Ethics Committee of the University of Naples Federico II (number 283/21) and it will be conducted in accordance with the Helsinki Declaration (Fortaleza revision, 2013), the Good Clinical Practice Standards (CPMP/ICH/135/95), the Italian Decree-Law 196/2003 regarding personal data and the European regulations on this subject. The study has been registered in the Clinical Trials Protocol Registration System. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: [http://clinicaltrials.gov], identifier [NCT05119868].
Diet during lactation associated with infant behavior and caregiver-infant interaction in a semirural Egyptian village.; Potential processes through which nutritional and non-nutritional factors can relate to infant state and behavior and mother-infant interactions were examined in 41 mother-infant pairs from semirural Egyptian households. All infants were breast-fed, and breast milk was the main source of their nutrient intake. Median birth weight was close to reference median; however, most infants showed growth faltering when they were 3-6 mo of age. Among the infant behavioral and state variables, only drowsiness (a proxy for activity and alertness) was significantly associated with the nutritional and non-nutritional factors examined. Among these factors, mothers' intakes of animal source foods and certain B vitamins were the strongest predictors of drowsiness. The nature of the association between maternal diet and drowsiness, examined by multiple regression analysis, showed clearly that inadequate diet of the mother was the major risk factor. Alertness of infants was further compromised when there were several children in the households. The small, less vocal and less alert infants received less vocalization from their mothers. In this environment, infants of undernourished mothers may not receive the extra care and stimulation needed and are at risk for subsequent developmental disabilities.
Body composition and eating behavior in non-professional adolescent female dancers.; BACKGROUND: Dance is one of the most practiced sports in women's childhood and adolescence. It is often difficult for dancers to maintain a normal body composition without changing their eating habits, despite the presence of high intensity training. The study aims to investigate, through nutritional habits and body composition, the impact of this sports regime in the prepubertal period. METHODS: Two groups of 10 adolescent dancers of classic and modern style were evaluated in terms of anthropometric parameters and hydration. Lifestyle, eating habits, adherence to Mediterranean diet, characteristics of menstrual cycle and risk stratification of Athletes' Triad Syndrome were evaluated through questionnaires. The data were reinterpreted based on the presence or absence of menarche. RESULTS: The average BMI value was within the normal range (17.9±2.2 kg/m(2)) in both groups. No significant differences emerged for anthropometric parameters and body composition between the two groups with the exclusion of the suprailiac fold which was significantly lower in G2 (classical: 0.1±0.1 mm) compared to G1 (modern: 11.0±6.6 mm) P<0.001. Instead, differences observed (P<0.05) was related to the presence or absence of the menstrual cycle. Despite the poor adherence to the Mediterranean diet, there was no evidence of risk of developing eating disorders or Athletes' Triad Syndrome. CONCLUSIONS: The training of classical and modern dance does not seem to have any negative impact on the body composition especially in pre-pubertal age. The onset of the menarche determines the major modification of the body composition.
Guide and advances on childhood obesity determinants: Setting the research agenda.; Childhood obesity demands global solutions. Low birth weight and small for gestational age were associated with childhood obesity. Available data do not support prenatal exposure to antibiotics as risk factor for childhood obesity, and posology must be assessed. Prenatal exposure to persistent organic pollutants shows associations with childhood obesity. Gut microbiota composition influences obesity onset in childhood. Despite the unquestionable role of Mediterranean diet on healthy weight, there are only incomplete indications of metabolic benefits in childhood weight after following Mediterranean diet. Negative association between total dairy consumption and childhood obesity has been found, but inverse causality could not be discarded. Ultra-processed food intake is an adverse determinant of childhood obesity. Physical inactivity and sedentarism are critical risk factors of children adiposity; hence, built environment and environmental features will be determinants of childhood obesity. A consistent metabolic pattern of childhood obesity was observed; metabolomics research is needed to assess the role of specific molecules concerning childhood obesity. Epigenetic experiences support association with childhood obesity for DNA methylation of specific genes and miRNAs. Therefore, recent childhood obesity rates cannot only be explained by genetic predisposition and changes in lifestyle habits. It implies gene-environment interactions. It will be the next research.
The Effect of Maternal Overweight/Obesity on Serum and Breastmilk Leptin, and Its Associations with Body Composition, Cardiometabolic Health Indices, and Maternal Diet: The BLOOM Study.; In overweight and obese patients, elevated serum and breastmilk leptin concentrations are observed, with serum leptin also being likely affected by the diet. We analyzed serum and breastmilk leptin in normal weight (NW) and overweight/obese (OW/OB) mothers, and evaluated its associations with (1) maternal anthropometric parameters; (2) markers of cardiometabolic health; and (3) the maternal diet. The BLOOM (Breastmilk and the Link to Overweight/Obesity and Maternal diet) study was conducted among 40 women (n = 20 OW/OB; n = 20, NW) who were exclusively or predominantly breastfeeding for 15.5 ± 1.2 (OW/OB group (0.99)) weeks. We collected 24 h breastmilk and fasting blood samples for leptin analysis by ELISA. Maternal dietary habits were evaluated using a 3-day dietary record and food frequency questionnaire, which were used to calculate the Polish-adapted Mediterranean Diet score. Maternal anthropometric measurements and DEXA scans were performed, and anthropometric and cardiometabolic indices were calculated. The OW mothers had 1.4 times higher serum levels, while OB mothers had 4.5 and 6.2 higher serum and breastmilk leptin levels, respectively, in comparison to the NW mothers. The FM% was correlated with serum and breastmilk leptin levels (r = 0.878, r = 0.638). Serum leptin was associated with markers of cardiometabolic health such as AIP, CMI, and VAI in the NW mothers, and with LAP in the OW/OB mothers. Higher energy, fructose intake and adherence to the Mediterranean diet were associated with serum leptin in the NW mothers (β = 0.323, 0.039-0.608; β = 0.318, 0.065-0.572; β = 0.279, 0.031-0.528); meanwhile, higher adherence to the Mediterranean diet could protect against elevated breastmilk leptin concentrations in OW/OB mothers (β = -0.444, -0.839--0.050), even after adjustment for FM%. Our results suggest a potential association between maternal serum leptin concentrations and cardiometabolic health. In addition, we confirm the importance of healthy dietary patterns in the improvement of breastmilk composition.
Successful full-term pregnancy in familial Mediterranean fever complicated with amyloidosis: case report and review of the literature.; Pregnancy during familial Mediterranean fever complicated with amyloidosis and severe nephrotic syndrome is rare and may cause several maternal and fetal complications. Asymmetrical intrauterine growth retardation, superimposed preeclampsia, thromboembolic phenomena, resistant anemia and renal failure only partially represent the possible complications. A successful outcome of a full-term pregnancy is presented and the efficiency of colchicine, a high protein diet, acetylsalicylic acid and dipyridamole is discussed.
Use of male-to-female sex reversal as a welfare scoring system in the protandrous farmed gilthead sea bream (Sparus aurata).; Gilthead sea bream is a highly cultured marine fish throughout the Mediterranean area, but new and strict criteria of welfare are needed to assure that the intensification of production has no negative effects on animal farming. Most welfare indicators are specific to a given phase of the production cycle, but others such as the timing of puberty and/or sex reversal are of retrospective value. This is of particular relevance in the protandrous gilthead sea bream, in which the sex ratio is highly regulated at the nutritional level. Social and environmental factors (e.g., contaminant loads) also alter the sex ratio, but the contribution of the genetic component remains unclear. To assess this complex issue, five gilthead sea bream families representative of slow/intermediate/fast growth were grown out with control or a plant-based diet in a common garden system from early life to the completion of their sexual maturity in 3-year-old fish. The plant-based diet highly enhanced the male-to-female sex reversal. This occurred in parallel with the progressive impairment of growth performance, which was indicative of changes in nutrient requirements as the result of the different energy demands for growth and reproduction through development. The effect of a different nutritional and genetic background on the reproductive performance was also assessed by measurements of circulating levels of sex steroids during the two consecutive spawning seasons, varying plasma levels of 17β-estradiol (E(2)) and 11-ketotestosterone (11-KT) with age, gender, diet, and genetic background. Principal component analysis (PCA) of 3-year-old fish displayed a gradual increase of the E(2)/11-KT ratio from males to females with the improvement of nutritional/genetic background. Altogether, these results support the use of a reproductive tract scoring system for leading farmed fish toward their optimum welfare condition, contributing to improving the productivity of the current gilthead sea bream livestock.
Recent Advances in the Prevention and Screening of Preeclampsia.; Throughout the history of medicine, preeclampsia has remained an enigmatic field of obstetrics. In 2023, despite its prevalence and impact, preeclampsia's exact cause and effective treatment remain elusive; the current options are limited to delivery. The purpose of this review is to summarize the knowledge of the possible novel prophylactic therapies and screening methods for preeclampsia, thereby providing valuable insights for healthcare professionals and researchers. Aspirin and LMWH have already been widely used; meanwhile, calcium, vitamin D, and pravastatin show promise, and endothelin receptor antagonists are being explored. Stress reduction, dietary changes, and lifestyle modifications are also being investigated. Another interesting and fast-growing area is AI- and software-based screening methods. It is also key to find novel biomarkers, which, in some cases, are not only able to predict the development of the disease, but some of them hold promise to be a potential therapeutic target. We conclude that, while a definitive cure for preeclampsia may not be eligible in the near future, it is likely that the assessment and enhancement of preventive methods will lead to the prevention of many cases. However, it is also important to highlight that more additional research is needed in the future to clarify the exact pathophysiology of preeclampsia and to thus identify potential therapeutic targets for more improved treatment methods.
Pianeta Nutrizione kids: international pediatric conference on food, physical activity, growth and well-being : Milan, Italy. 25-27 June 2015.; A1 Preterm and low birth weight nutrition in the first month life: implications for the outcome Massimo Agosti A2 Behind human milk and breastfeeding: not only food, not only growth Carlo Agostoni A3 To prevent obesity: importance and issues of cultural adaptation from weaning to 3 years of age Serge Chalons A4 Diet before and during pregnancy and child health: lessons from animal models Pascale Chavatte-Palmer A5 Infant nutrition: an opportunity to optimize future health José Manuel Moreno Villares A6 Complementary feeding strategies to facilitate acceptance of fruits and vegetables Sophie Nicklaus A7 Diet of young children in the Mediterranean region Luís Pereira-da-Silva A8 Proposal of 10 good practices to help prevent obesity in the first 1,000 days Angelo Pietrobelli, the MeNu Group A9 Macronutrient intakes in early life and subsequent risk of obesity Marie Françoise Rolland-Cachera A10 The burden of childhood obesity in Italy and the results of Nutrintake study Gian Vincenzo Zuccotti A11 Growth body composition and growth hormone therapy: linear growth Marco Cappa A12 Early nutrition pattern and late metabolic consequences Manuela Caruso-Nicoletti A13 Nutrition and Insulin-like Growth Factor (IGF) System Elena Inzaghi, Stefano Cianfarani A14 Nutrition of preterm infants Mario De Curtis A15 Early nutrition patterns and later metabolic outcomes- I part: Genetic and metabolic mechanisms Laura Guazzarotti A16 Diagnosis of metabolic disease by imaging techniques Lorenzo Iughetti A17 Nutrition, growth and cardiovascular diseases Francesco Chiarelli, Laura Comegna, Simone Franchini A18 Body fat mass and gender Laura Perrone, Giuseppina Rosaria Umano A19 Lifestyle interventions for an appropriate birth weight Elisabetta Petrella, Raffaele Bruno, Valentina Bertarini, Giulia Pedrielli, Isabella Neri, Fabio Facchinetti A20 Nutrition, growth and body composition Flavia Prodam A21 Nation-specific reference growth charts in the daily practice Alessandro Sartorio, John M. H. Buckler, Nicoletta Marazzi A22 Growth patterns in inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD) and in cystic fibrosis (CF) Maria E. Street, Viviana D. Patianna, Paola Accorsi, Sara Lo Scocco, Sergio Amarri A23 Newborn in the digital era and their body feeling: physical exercise to counteract hyperphagia Alberto Pellai A24 Nutrition, young athletes and effects of exercise. Practical suggestions Giampiero Merati A25 Physical exercise as a way to prevent criminality in minors and teenagers Isabella Merzagora A26 The measurement of daily energy expenditure in children. Evaluation of a new wrist portable device vs breath-by-breath metabolimeter Susanna Rampichini, Arsenio Veicsteinas A27 Probiotic and inflammasomes Mario Clerici A28 Probiotics and newborns Paolo Manzoni, Elena Tavella, Elena Boano, Daniele Farina A29 Relationship between gut microbiota and obesity Fabio Pace
Nutritional Barriers to the Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet in Non-Mediterranean Populations.; Adherence to the Mediterranean diet has been shown to lower the risk of developing chronic non-communicable diseases like cardiovascular and neurodegenerative diseases and cancer. Improvements in depression, participation in daily activities in older individuals, weight loss and a reduction in adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with adherence to the Mediterranean diet. The number of studies that have evaluated barriers to adherence to the Mediterranean diet in the US and, in particular, in racial and ethnic minority populations within the US are few. Among Native American and Alaskan Native populations, studies evaluating traditional or alternative Mediterranean diet adherence for chronic non-infectious diseases is unavailable. Mediterranean diet scoring instruments used in studies in European and Mediterranean countries and among white participants in the US fail to capture the dietary patterns of racial and ethnic minority populations. In this narrative review, the food components of the traditional Mediterranean diet are discussed, adherence to the Mediterranean diet is examined in Mediterranean and non-Mediterranean countries and barriers preventing adherence to the Mediterranean diet in the US and among racial and ethnic minority populations is reviewed. Recommendations for improving nutrition education and intervention and for increasing adherence and cultural adaptions to the Mediterranean diet are provided.
Risk factors assessment of breast cancer among Iraqi Kurdish women: Case-control study.; BACKGROUND: To our knowledge, there is no international publication on risk factors of breast cancer among Kurdish women. There are several risk factors of breast cancer may differ in different geographical cultures. The aims of this study are to assess the established and probable risk factors of breast cancer among Iraqi Kurdish women as well as to investigate the effect of some Mediterranean food items on this issue. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This retrospective case-control study was constructed in Sulaimanyah governorate-Iraq. Data were collected regarding socio-demographic characters, established risk factors, and dietary habits of 338 cases that were registered in Sulaimanyah Breast Center during January 2015-February 2019 with collection of same items for 338 age-matched controls. RESULTS: The marriage was appeared to be a protective factor with (OR = 0.596, CI: 0.364-0.974, P = 0.039). Age at menarche ≥14 years has a protective effect with (OR: 0.326, P = 0.027) and 152 cases (45.0%) had menarche at ≤12 years compared to 56 controls (16.6%) with (P = 0.000). Numbers of children ≥ 3, regular exercise, and breastfeeding for >48 months duration have protective role. Consumption of fast foods and some Mediterranean foods weekly >2 times are risk factors, while taking stewed meat weekly one time, fish weekly ≥1 time, fruit daily>1 time and vegetables daily≥1 time, and black tea daily >3 cups have preventative effect on breast cancer. CONCLUSION: Among Kurdish women, some items of Mediterranean food have the same causative effect as fast food items. Marriages, consumption of stewed meat, fish, fruit, vegetables, and black tea may have preventative effect.
Adherence to a Mediterranean-style diet and severity of menopausal symptoms in perimenopausal and menopausal women from Australia: a cross-sectional analysis.; PURPOSE: To explore the independent associations between adherence to a Mediterranean-style diet and severity of menopausal symptoms in perimenopausal and menopausal women living in Australia. METHODS: Dietary adherence was assessed using the Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener (MEDAS), the Menopause Rating Scale (MRS) was used to assess the severity of menopausal symptoms, and the 36-item short form survey instrument (SF-36) was used to assess health-related quality of life (HRQoL). RESULTS: A total of n = 207 participants (50.7 ± 4.3 years; BMI: 28.0 ± 7.4 kg/m2) were included in the final analyses. Participants reported low-moderate adherence to a Mediterranean-style diet (5.2 ± 1.8; range: 1-11). Adherence was not associated with severity of menopausal symptoms. However, low consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages was inversely associated with joint and muscle complaints, independent of all covariates (β = -0.149; CI: -0.118, -0.022; P = 0.042). Adherence to a Mediterranean-style diet was positively associated with the physical function subscale of HRQoL (β = 0.173, CI: 0.001, 0.029; P = 0.031) and a low intake of red and processed meat was positively associated with the general health subscale (β = 0.296, CI: 0.005, 0.014; P = < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Diet quality may be related to severity of menopausal symptoms and HRQoL in perimenopausal and menopausal women. However, exploration of these findings using longitudinal analyses and robust clinical trials are needed to better elucidate these findings.
Dietary Patterns in Pregnancy and Biomarkers of Oxidative Stress in Mothers and Offspring: The NELA Birth Cohort.; BACKGROUND: Although adherence to the Mediterranean and antioxidant-rich diets during pregnancy is suggested to improve maternal-fetal health by reducing oxidative stress, yet there is no study available. OBJECTIVE: We examined whether maternal dietary patterns in pregnancy impact the biomarkers of oxidative stress in mothers and their offspring. METHODS: Study population included 642 mothers and 335 newborns of the "Nutrition in Early Life and Asthma" (NELA) birth cohort. Maternal diet during pregnancy was assessed by a validated food frequency questionnaire and a priori-defined dietary indices (relative Mediterranean Diet [rMED], alternative Mediterranean Diet [aMED], Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension [DASH], Alternate Healthy Index [AHEI], and AHEI-2010) were calculated. Biomarkers measured were: hydroperoxides, carbonyl groups, and 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (8OHdG) determined in maternal blood and newborn cord blood, and urinary maternal and offspring 15-F2t-isoprostane. Multivariate linear regression models were performed. RESULTS: Maternal rMED score was inversely associated with the maternal levels of 8OHdG at mid-pregnancy (beta per 1-point increase = -1.61; 95% CI -2.82, -0.39) and the newborn levels of hydroperoxides (beta per 1-point increase = -4.54; 95% CI -9.32, 0.25). High vs. low maternal rMED score was marginally associated with the decreased levels of 8OHdG in newborns (beta = -9.17; 95% CI -19.9, 1.63; p for trend 0.079). Maternal DASH score tended to be inversely associated with maternal urinary 15-F2t-isoprostane (beta per 1-point increase = -0.69; 95% CI, -1.44, 0.06). High vs. low maternal AHEI score was associated with reduced offspring urinary levels of 15-F2t-isoprostane (beta = -20.2; 95% CI -38.0, -2.46; p for trend 0.026). CONCLUSION: These results suggest that maternal adherence to healthy dietary patterns during pregnancy may reduce DNA damage and lipid oxidation in mothers and offspring.
Gestational exposure to high fat diets and bisphenol A alters metabolic outcomes in dams and offspring, but produces hepatic steatosis only in dams.; The prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is increasing worldwide. Perinatal development is a critical window for altered, lifelong health trajectory, and evidence supports the role of perinatal programming in chronic metabolic diseases. To examine the impact of diet and bisphenol A (BPA) on the developmental trajectory of NAFLD in offspring, we exposed dams from pre-gestation through lactation to a human-relevant dose of oral BPA coupled with intake of high fat Western or Mediterranean-style diets. We assessed hepatic steatosis by quantifying hepatic triglycerides (TGs) and metabolic health by measuring body weight, relative organ weights, and serum hormone levels in dams and offspring at postnatal day 10 (PND10) and 10-months of age. In dams, consumption of the Western or Mediterranean diet increased hepatic TGs 1.7-2.4-fold, independent of BPA intake. Among offspring, both perinatal diet and BPA exposure had a greater impact on metabolic outcomes than on hepatic steatosis. At PND10, serum leptin levels were elevated 2.6-4.8-fold in pups exposed to the Mediterranean diet, with a trend for sex-specific effects on body and organ weights. At 10-months, sex-specific increases in organ weight and hormone levels were observed in mice perinatally exposed to Western + BPA or Mediterranean + BPA. These findings suggest lifestage-specific interaction of perinatal exposures to experimental diets and BPA on offspring metabolic health without effects on NAFLD later in life. Importantly, alterations in dam phenotype by diet and BPA exposure appear to impact offspring health trajectory, emphasizing the need to define dam diet in assessing effects of environmental exposures on offspring health.
The therapeutic potential of antioxidants, ER chaperones, NO and H2S donors, and statins for treatment of preeclampsia.; Preeclampsia is a complex multifactorial disease. Placental oxidative stress, a result of deficient spiral artery remodeling, plays an important role in the pathophysiology of preeclampsia. Antiangiogenic factors secreted from malperfused placenta are instrumental in mediating maternal endothelial dysfunction and consequent symptoms of preeclampsia; the mechanism is likely to involve increased ET-1 secretion and reduced NO bioavailability. Therapeutic interventions so far remain only experimental and there is no established remedy for the treatment of preeclampsia. This review concentrates on the evidence for the therapeutic potential of antioxidants, ER chaperones, NO and H2S donors, and statins. These compounds display pleitropic antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and pro-angiogenic effects in animal and in vitro studies. Although clinical trials on the use of antioxidant vitamins in pregnancy proved largely unsuccessful, the scope for their use still exists given the beneficial cardioprotective effects of antioxidant-rich Mediterranean diet, periconceptual vitamin use and the synergistic effect of vitamin C and L-arginine. Encouraging clinical evidence exists for the use of NO donors, and a clinical trial is underway testing the effect of statins in treatment of preeclampsia. H2S recently emerged as a novel therapeutic agent for cardiovascular disease, and its beneficial effects were also tested in animal models of preeclampsia. It is risky to prescribe any medication to pregnant women on a large scale, and any future therapeutic intervention has to be well tested and safe. Many of the compounds discussed could be potential candidates.
Fact-based nutrition for infants and lactating mothers-The NUTRISHIELD study.; BACKGROUND: Human milk (HM) is the ideal source of nutrients for infants. Its composition is highly variable according to the infant's needs. When not enough own mother's milk (OMM) is available, the administration of pasteurized donor human milk (DHM) is considered a suitable alternative for preterm infants. This study protocol describes the NUTRISHIELD clinical study. The main objective of this study is to compare the % weight gain/month in preterm and term infants exclusively receiving either OMM or DHM. Other secondary aims comprise the evaluation of the influence of diet, lifestyle habits, psychological stress, and pasteurization on the milk composition, and how it modulates infant's growth, health, and development. METHODS AND DESIGN: NUTRISHIELD is a prospective mother-infant birth cohort in the Spanish-Mediterranean area including three groups: preterm infants <32 weeks of gestation (i) exclusively receiving (i.e., >80% of total intake) OMM, and (ii) exclusively receiving DHM, and (iii) term infants exclusively receiving OMM, as well as their mothers. Biological samples and nutritional, clinical, and anthropometric characteristics are collected at six time points covering the period from birth and until six months of infant's age. The genotype, metabolome, and microbiota as well as the HM composition are characterized. Portable sensor prototypes for the analysis of HM and urine are benchmarked. Additionally, maternal psychosocial status is measured at the beginning of the study and at month six. Mother-infant postpartum bonding and parental stress are also examined. At six months, infant neurodevelopment scales are applied. Mother's concerns and attitudes to breastfeeding are registered through a specific questionnaire. DISCUSSION: NUTRISHIELD provides an in-depth longitudinal study of the mother-infant-microbiota triad combining multiple biological matrices, newly developed analytical methods, and ad-hoc designed sensor prototypes with a wide range of clinical outcome measures. Data obtained from this study will be used to train a machine-learning algorithm for providing dietary advice to lactating mothers and will be implemented in a user-friendly platform based on a combination of user-provided information and biomarker analysis. A better understanding of the factors affecting milk's composition, together with the health implications for infants plays an important role in developing improved strategies of nutraceutical management in infant care. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: https://register.clinicaltrials.gov, identifier: NCT05646940.
Maternal diet in pregnancy is associated with differences in child body mass index trajectories from birth to adolescence.; BACKGROUND: Nutrition in pregnancy and accelerated childhood growth are important predictors of obesity risk. Yet, it is unknown which dietary patterns in pregnancy are associated with accelerated growth and whether there are specific periods from birth to adolescence that are most sensitive to these associations. OBJECTIVES: To examine the extent to which 3 dietary indices in pregnancy [Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII), Alternate Healthy Eating Index for Pregnancy (AHEI-P), and Mediterranean Diet Score (MDS)] are associated with child BMI z-score (BMI-z) trajectories from birth to adolescence. METHODS: We examined 1459 mother-child dyads from Project Viva that had FFQ data in pregnancy and ≥3 child BMI-z measurements between birth and adolescence. We used linear spline mixed-effects models to examine whether BMI-z growth rates and BMI z-scores differed by quartile of each dietary index from birth to 1 mo, 1-6 mo, 6 mo to 3 y, 3-10 y, and >10 y. RESULTS: The means ± SDs for DII (range, -9 to +8 units), AHEI-P (range, 0-90 points), and MDS (range, 0-9 points) were -2.6 ± 1.4 units, 61 ± 10 points, and 4.6 ± 2.0 points, respectively. In adjusted models, children of women in the highest (vs. lowest) DII quartile had higher BMI-z growth rates between 3-10 y (β, 0.03 SD units/y; 95% CI: 0.00-0.06) and higher BMI z-scores from 7 y through 10 y. Children of women with low adherence to a Mediterranean diet had higher BMI z-scores from 3 y through 15 y. Associations of AHEI-P with growth rates and BMI z-scores from birth through adolescence were null. CONCLUSIONS: A higher DII and a lower MDS in pregnancy, but not AHEI-P results, are associated with higher BMI-z trajectories during distinct growth periods from birth through adolescence. Identifying the specific dietary patterns in pregnancy associated with rapid weight gain in children could inform strategies to reduce child obesity.
Association of Trimethylamine N-Oxide (TMAO) with the Clinical Severity of Hidradenitis Suppurativa (Acne Inversa).; In this case-control, cross-sectional, observational study, we evaluated circulating trimethylamine n-oxide (TMAO) levels, a gut-derived metabolite associated with inflammation and cardiometabolic risk, in patients with hidradenitis suppurativa (HS), a highly disabling inflammatory skin disease associated with an elevated prevalence of comorbidities, especially cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. In this study, we enrolled 35 naive-treatment patients with HS and 35 controls, matched for sex, age, and body mass index (BMI). HS Sartorius score was 49.0 (33.0-75.0), while according to the Harley system 12 and 23 patients presented grade 1 and grade 2 severity, respectively. HS patients had a lower adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) (p = 0.002), lower phase angle (PhA) (p < 0.001), and higher circulating TMAO levels (p < 0.001) than the control group. HS patients with grade 2 rather than grade 1 of Harley grade severity showed a higher BMI (p = 0.007), waist circumference (p = 0.016), total energy intake (p = 0.005), and lower PhA (p < 0.001) and adherence to the MD (p = 0.003). Of interest, patients with Hurley grade 2 of severity exhibited higher circulating TMAO levels (p < 0.001) compared to grade 1. Circulating TMAO levels showed a positive correlation with HS Sartorius score even after adjustment for confounding covariates, including BMI, waist circumference, adherence to the MD, total energy intake, and PhA (r = 0.570, p = 0.001). Using a linear regression model, circulating TMAO levels and PhA were the main predictors of the clinical severity of HS.
Fatty acid composition and parasitism of European sardine (Sardina pilchardus) and anchovy (Engraulis encrasicolus) populations in the northern Catalan Sea in the context of changing environmental conditions.; The status of sardine and anchovy populations in the northern Mediterranean Sea has been declining in recent decades. In this study, fatty acids and parasitism at different reproductive and feeding stages in these two species were assessed using specimens caught along the northern Catalan coast, in order to assess the links between lipid dynamics, reproduction and feeding in these two species and to contribute towards an explanation of the potential causes of the current poor situation of the stocks. The results support the use of fatty acid levels as indicators of the body condition of sardine and anchovy at different reproductive and feeding stages, as well as that of the pelagic environmental conditions. In particular, the relatively low n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid levels found in spawning sardines compared to spawning anchovies indicate a poorer reproductive health status of sardine. By comparing the current total lipid content values with those recorded in other Mediterranean and North Atlantic areas, and others from more than 10 years ago, in the adjacent area of the Gulf of Lion, our study reveals the persistent poor condition of sardine and anchovy in the northern Catalan Sea. Furthermore, the low levels of diatom fatty acid markers observed throughout the spawning and non-spawning seasons in both sardine and anchovy indicate a diet poor in diatoms. Moreover, the results indicate that it is very unlikely that parasitism is a significant factor in the decline in condition of sardine and anchovy in the northern Catalan Sea. In fact, the results, which we believe provide useful insights for the management of small pelagic fisheries in the Mediterranean, suggest that the current poor condition of sardine and anchovy in the northern Catalan Sea has probably been exacerbated by a decrease in plankton productivity and/or a shift in the taxonomic composition of phytoplankton communities, adding to the ongoing effects of overfishing.
Two-Spotted Ladybeetle Adalia bipunctata L. (Coleoptera: Coccinellidae): A Commercially Available Predator to Control Asian Citrus Psyllid Diaphorina citri (Hemiptera: Liviidae).; The Asian citrus psyllid Diaphorina citri Kuwayama (Hemiptera: Liviidae) is an economically important pest of citrus because it serves as a vector of the causal pathogens of huanglongbing (HLB) also known as citrus greening disease. The increased use of insecticides for control of D. citri negatively impacts several natural enemies including some effective ladybeetle species which are not available commercially. The two-spotted ladybeetle, Adalia bipunctata (Coleoptera: Coccinellidae) is found in some crop and forest ecosystems of Asia, Europe and North America and available commercially. It is known to attack aphids and mealybugs but there are no published records of feeding on psyllids. We evaluated suitability and preference of A. bipunctata for nymphs of D. citri compared to corn leaf aphid Rhopalosiphum maidis (Hemiptera: Aphididae) a global pest of cereal crops and prey for many predaceous insects. We also compared development and reproduction of A. bipunctata on these two species with frozen eggs of the Mediterranean flour moth Ephestia kuehniella (Lepidoptera: Pyralidae) at 25°C. Initially, more D. citri than R. maidis nymphs were consumed in the no-choice tests although final consumption by larva and adult of A. bipunctata did not differ in the choice and no-choice tests. Larval development was prolonged by one day on D. citri compared to R. maidis nymphs but did not differ between either of these diets and E. kuehniella. Larval survival to adult averaged 93-100% and was not impacted by diet. Adult life span did not differ between diets although those on D. citri and R. maidis nymphs weighed less and produced fewer but more fertile eggs than on E. kuehniella eggs. Significant reduction of D. citri nymphs averaging 54% was observed in colonies caged with adult A. bipunctata on field planted citrus. R° (net reproductive rate) was least for beetles fed R. maidis, but otherwise there were no significant differences in demographic parameters. Successful feeding, development and reproductive performance of A. bipunctata suggest its usefulness as biological control agent of D. citri as well as aphid species exemplified by R. maidis.
Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet and Risk of Metabolically Unhealthy Obesity in Women: A Cross-Sectional Study.; Some obese individuals do not present any metabolic alteration and are considered metabolically healthy (MHO). Adherence to high-quality dietary pattern may favor this phenotype. We aimed to evaluate the association between the adherence to the Mediterranean diet and risk of metabolically unhealthy obesity (MUO) in women. We conducted a cross-sectional study on 2,115 obese women. All patients underwent a medical examination, anthropometric evaluation, bioelectrical impedance, ultrasound measurements of abdominal visceral (VAT) and subcutaneous (SAT) fat, blood sampling and evaluation of adherence to the Mediterranean diet through MEDAS questionnaire. The diagnosis of MHO and MUO was made using the harmonized criteria. A multivariable logistic regression adjusted for age, BMI, fat free mass, ultrasound-estimated VAT:SAT ratio, marital status, education, past diet, antidepressant use, family history of diabetes and cardiovascular disease, menopausal status, smoking, and physical activity was used to assess the association between Mediterranean diet and MUO risk. The prevalence of MHO was 21.2% (N = 449). Compared to MUO women, MHO women were younger, had lower BMI and VAT, and had higher fat free mass and SAT. In the multivariable model, the adherence to the Mediterranean diet was not associated with the risk of MUO (OR = 0.91, 95%CI: 0.62; 1.34, P = 0.624). Given the impact of menopause on metabolic health we also carried out the analysis in pre- and post-menopausal women separately. Higher adherence to the Mediterranean diet was associated with a lower risk of MUO in postmenopausal women (OR = 0.55, 95%CI: 0.31; 0.96, P = 0.034). No association was found in premenopausal women (OR = 1.18, 95%CI: 0.70; 1.99, P = 0.532). In conclusion, adherence to the Mediterranean diet was associated with a better metabolic health in postmenopausal women. Further studies are needed to confirm the ability of the Mediterranean diet in promoting maintenance of the healthy phenotype and reversion from MUO.
Dietary, lifestyle and socio-economic correlates of overweight, obesity and central adiposity in Lebanese children and adolescents.; The Eastern Mediterranean region is characterized by one of the highest burdens of paediatric obesity worldwide. This study aims at examining dietary, lifestyle, and socio-economic correlates of overweight, obesity, and abdominal adiposity amongst children and adolescents in Lebanon, a country of the Eastern Mediterranean basin. A nationally representative cross-sectional survey was conducted on 6-19-year-old subjects (n = 868). Socio-demographic, lifestyle, dietary, and anthropometric data (weight, height, waist circumference) were collected. Overweight and obesity were defined based on BMI z-scores. Elevated waist circumference (WC) and elevated waist to height ratio (WHtR) were used as indices of abdominal obesity. Of the study sample, 34.8% were overweight, 13.2% were obese, 14.0% had elevated WC, and 21.3% had elevated WHtR. Multivariate logistic regression analyses showed that male gender, maternal employment, residence in the capital Beirut, sedentarity, and higher consumption of fast food and sugar sweetened beverages were associated with increased risk of obesity, overweight, and abdominal adiposity, while regular breakfast consumption, higher intakes of milk/dairies and added fats/oils were amongst the factors associated with decreased risk. The study's findings call for culture-specific intervention strategies for the promotion of physical activity, healthy lifestyle, and dietary practices amongst Lebanese children and adolescents.
An Early, Universal Mediterranean Diet-Based Intervention in Pregnancy Reduces Cardiovascular Risk Factors in the "Fourth Trimester".; An early antenatal dietary intervention could play an important role in the prevention of metabolic diseases postpartum. The aim of this study is to evaluate whether an early, specific dietary intervention reduces women's cardiovascular risk in the "fourth trimester". This prospective cohort study compares 1675 women from the standard-care group (ScG/n = 676), who received standard-care dietary guidelines, with the intervention group (IG/n = 999), who received Mediterranean diet (MedDiet)-based dietary guidelines, supplemented with extra-virgin olive oil and nuts. Cardiovascular risk was determined by the presence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and insulin resistance syndrome (IrS) (HOMA-IR 3.5) at 12-14 weeks postpartum. MetS was less frequent in the IG (11.3 vs. 19.3%, p < 0.05). The intervention was associated with a reduction in the relative risk of having MetS: 0.74 (95% CI, 0.60-0.90), but not in the risk of IrS. When analyzing the presence of having one or more components of the MetS, the IG had significantly higher rates of having 0 components and lower rates of having ≥1 (p-trend = 0.029). An early MedDiet-based nutritional intervention in pregnancy is associated with reductions in postpartum rates of MetS.
Mediterranean diet adherence and dietary calcium intake in a group of pregnant women: Results of an Italian survey.; Pregnancy is a delicate phase in woman's life that could become a risk factor for osteoporosis in pregnant women who do not meet recommended nutrient standards, especially for calcium and vitamin D. Mediterranean diet (MD) has been demonstrated to be beneficial for adequate nutrient intake. This article aims to evaluate the MD adherence and dietary calcium intake in a group of pregnant Italian women and to investigate how these are linked to each other and to fast glycemia at first trimester of pregnancy. Two hundred and seventy-nine pregnant women were recruited at the gynecology units of two hospitals in Florence. Socio-demographic, clinical information, and results of the first trimester blood sample analysis were collected. Two questionnaires, validated for evaluation of MD adherence and calcium intake, were administered to the pregnant women. Approximately 60% of the women had a high level of MD adherence, with a mean dietary calcium intake of 870.3 ± 335.3. In women with higher MD adherence level, fast glycemia resulted lower. Calcium intake was lower than Population Rate Intake for the Italian population (1,200 mg/daily) and was positively correlated to MD adherence score. The MD proved to be nutritious, as it was related to a higher calcium intake in this group of Italian women.
Olive oil abrogates acrylamide induced nephrotoxicity by modulating biochemical and histological changes in rats.; Acrylamide (ACR) is one of the most important contaminants occurring in foods heated at high temperatures. The aim of this study is to investigate the protective efficacy of extra virgin olive oil (EVOO), a main component of the Mediterranean diet, against nephrotoxicity induced by ACR. Rats have received by gavage during 21 days either ACR (40 mg/kg body weight) or ACR-associated with EVOO (300 μl) or only EVOO (300 μl). Acrylamide induced nephrotoxicity as evidenced by an increase in malondialdehyde (MDA), hydrogen peroxide (H(2)O(2)), protein carbonyls (PCOs) and a decrease in glutathione, non-protein thiols (NPSHs), and vitamin C levels. Activities of catalase (CAT), superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase (GPx) were also decreased. Lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) activity, creatinine, urea, and uric acid, urinary volume and creatinine clearance levels were modified. EVOO supplementation improved all the parameters indicated above. Kidney histoarchitecture confirmed the biochemical parameters and the beneficial role of EVOO. EVOO, when added to the diet, may have a beneficial role against kidney injury by scavenging free radicals and by its potent antioxidant power.
Adherence to the Vegetable-Fruit-Soy Dietary Pattern, a Reference From Mediterranean Diet, Protects Against Postmenopausal Breast Cancer Among Chinese Women.; BACKGROUND: The diet-center hypothesis has gained much support from the apparent protective effect of the Mediterranean diet on breast cancer. However, the evidence of the association between Mediterranean diet adherence and breast cancer molecular subtypes remains small, especially in non-Mediterranean populations. METHODS: The subjects from the Chinese Wuxi Exposure and Breast Cancer Study, a population-based case-control study, included 818 patients and 935 healthy controls. A validated food frequency questionnaire used for diet assessment and a modified version of the alternate Mediterranean Diet Score, which is called the alternate Chinese Diet Score, was developed to assess adherence to a migrated Chinese version of the Mediterranean diet, which we called the vegetable-fruit-soy dietary pattern. Soy foods, rapeseed oil, and coarse cereals replaced legumes, olive oil, and whole grains reflecting the cuisine of the region. We examined the association between the vegetable-fruit-soy diet adherence and breast cancer risk, stratified by menopause status (pre- or postmenopausal) and receptor status [estrogen-receptor (ER), progesterone-receptor (PR) status, and human epidermal growth factor 2 (HER2)] oncogene expression, followed by five specific combinations (ER+, ER-, ER+/PR+,ER-/PR-, and ER-/PR-/HER2-). RESULTS: The results suggest that the vegetable-fruit-soy dietary pattern was inversely associated with postmenopausal breast cancer risk [4th vs. 1st quartile, odds ratio (OR) = 0.57, 95%CI = 0.41, 0.80; P trend < 0.001] and that the inverse association was somewhat stronger to detect among ER- subtypes (OR = 0.63; 95%CI = 0.37, 0.94; P trend = 0.003) and ER-/PR-subtypes (OR = 0.64; 95%CI = 0.41, 0.93; P trend = 0.012). We did not observe any significant association between the vegetable-fruit-soy diet characteristics and ER+ subtype, as well as between PR+ and ER+/PR+ subtypes. CONCLUSION: The favorable influence from the Mediterranean diet may also apply to Chinese women. The vegetable-fruit-soy dietary pattern may reduce the risk of postmenopausal breast cancer, particularly among ER- subtype, and ER-/PR-subtype.
Fat Intake Reduction Strategies among Children and Adults to Eliminate Obesity and Non-Communicable Diseases in the Eastern Mediterranean Region.; Non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are the leading cause of mortality globally with an estimated 39.5 million deaths per year (72% of total death) in 2016, due to the four major NCDs: cardiovascular diseases, cancers, chronic respiratory diseases and diabetes. In the Eastern Mediterranean Region (EMR), almost 68% of all deaths are attributed to NCDs commonly known as chronic or lifestyle-related diseases. Two-thirds of NCD premature deaths are linked to 4 shared modifiable behavioral risk factors: tobacco use, unhealthy diet, physical inactivity and harmful use of alcohol. These unhealthy behaviours lead to 4 key metabolic/biological changes; raised blood pressure, overweight/obesity, high blood glucose levels/diabetes, and hyperlipidemia (high levels of fat in the blood), that increase the risk of NCDs. Globally, countries are already working towards agreed global goals on maternal and infant nutrition and on the prevention of NCDs. In both fields the goals include halting the increase in overweight and obesity and reducing NCD diet-related risk factors including reducing saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and trans fatty acids (TFAs) intake. The objective of this review is to present an up-to-date overview of the current fat (SFAs and TFAs) intake reduction initiatives in countries of the Eastern Mediterranean Region (EMR) by highlighting national and regional programs, strategies and activities aiming at decreasing the intakes of dietary fat (SFA and TFA). The literature review shows that the average intake of SFA is estimated to be 10.3% of the total energy intake (EI), exceeding the WHO (World Health Organization) upper limit of 10%. The average TFA intake is estimated at 1.9% EI, which also exceeds the WHO upper limit of 1% EI. The highest SFAs intake was reported from Djibouti, Kuwait, Saudi-Arabia, Lebanon and Yemen, while the highest TFAs intakes were reported from Egypt and Pakistan. If countries of the EMR receive immediate public health attention, that toll of NCD-related morbidity and mortality would be considerably decreased through the implantation of evidence-based preventive interventions. In this context, reductions in SFAs and TFAs intakes have been highlighted as cost-effectives strategies that may hamper the growth of the NCD epidemic.
Natural resources - food nexus: food-related environmental footprints in the mediterranean countries.; Immediate action is required in the Mediterranean to address environmental degradation that is mainly driven by consumption patterns. Increasing stress on biological and social systems is put by unsustainable consumption patterns. Food consumption patterns are important drivers of environment degradation. The objective of this review paper is to explore natural resources-food nexus in the Mediterranean region by highlighting the environmental footprints of the current consumption and production patterns. Secondary data from different sources such as FAOSTAT, the World Bank, Water Footprint Network (WFN), and Global Footprint Network were used to analyze the situation in 21 Mediterranean countries. The region faces many environmental challenges, e.g., land degradation, water scarcity, environment pollution, biodiversity loss, and climate change. The current consumption patterns imply high ecological, carbon, and water footprints of consumption and unfavorable national virtual-water balances. Food Balance Sheets data show that the contribution of vegetal and animal-based food product groups to food supply is variable among the Mediterranean countries. This has implications also in terms of the WF of food supply, which was calculated for Bosnia, Egypt, Italy, Morocco, and Turkey. The WF of the current diet resulted lower than that of the proposed Mediterranean one in the case of Italy. There is a strong scientific evidence supporting assumption that it is so also for other Mediterranean countries. The Mediterranean is characterized by a high resource use intensity that is further exacerbated by food losses and waste (FLW). In fact, FLW implies the loss of precious resources (water, land, energy) and inputs (fertilizers). Therefore, it is crucial to increase adherence to the traditional Mediterranean diet and to reduce FLW in order to foster transition to more sustainable food consumption patterns thus reducing pressure on the scarce resources of the Mediterranean region.
Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy and Fetal Growth Restriction: Clinical Characteristics and Placental Lesions and Possible Preventive Nutritional Targets.; BACKGROUND: The purpose of this study was to describe the placental lesions in pregnancies complicated by hypertensive disorders (HDP) and/or fetal growth restriction (FGR) and in uneventful control pregnancies. METHODS: This is a case control study that included singleton pregnancies with HDP and normally grown fetus (HDP-AGA fetus), with HDP and FGR, early FGR, late FGR, and uneventful pregnancies. Feto-placental Doppler velocimetry and sFlt-1/PlGF ratio were performed. Placental histology was evaluated blinded according to the Amsterdam Consensus criteria. RESULTS: Placental lesions with maternal vascular malperfusion (MVM) were significantly more frequent in HDP-FGR and early FGR (92% and 83%). MVM were significantly associated with abnormal feto-placental Doppler parameters, especially in early FGR. Delayed villous maturation (DVM) was associated with late FGR (83%). HDP-AGA fetus cases presented a heterogeneous pattern of placental lesions, including 60% of cases with MVM, but were not associated with abnormal Doppler feto-placental velocimetry. CONCLUSIONS: We found a prevalence of placental maternal vascular malperfusion in HDP-FGR and early FGR groups. These lesions were also associated with abnormal, anti-, and angiogenic markers. Conversely HDP-AGA fetus and late FGR presented more heterogeneous placental lesions not severe enough to cause feto-placental Doppler anomalies. These conditions are likely associated with different etiologies, such as maternal pre-pregnancy risk factors for metabolic syndrome. These findings suggest a possible preventive nutritional approach in addition to low-dose aspirin in pregnant women with predisposing factors for HDP-AGA fetuses and late FGR.
Wild and cultivated olive trees: Nutraceutical insights of extra virgin olive oils in cardiovascular and ocular diseases.; Extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) from Olea europaea (cultivated olive tree) and the oil obtained from the wild olive variety or acebuche (ACE oil from Olea oleaster) contain an extraordinary number of bioactive molecules. These include oleic acid, sterols, tocopherols, triterpene compounds, and polyphenols. Both oils are known for their healthy properties and are considered to be a nutraceutical tool against cardiovascular diseases, including arterial hypertension, preeclampsia, and ocular diseases such as glaucoma or diabetic retinopathy. The benefits of EVOO and ACE oil stem from their anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, and anti-cancer properties. They also have potential as prebiotic compounds. In this update, we synthesise and illustrate the various characteristics and beneficial effects of olive oils from different varieties of olive trees, with special emphasis on Olea oleaster, also known as Olea europaea, L. var. sylvestris.
Systemic, environmental and lifestyle risk factors for dry eye disease in a mediterranean caucasian population.; OBJECTIVES: To assess systemic, environmental and lifestyle risk factors for dry eye disease (DED) in a Mediterranean Caucasian population. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was performed on 120 Caucasian participants aged between 18 and 89 years (47.0 ± 22.8 years). Medical history, information regarding environmental conditions and lifestyle, Ocular Surface Disease Index, Dry Eye Questionnaire-5, non-Invasive (Oculus Keratograph 5 M) breakup time, tear film osmolarity and ocular surface staining parameters were assessed in a single clinical session to allow DED diagnosis based on the guidelines of the Tear Film and Ocular Surface Society Dry Eye Workshop II Diagnostic Methodology Report. A multivariate logistic regression model was constructed including those variables with a p-value less than 0.15 in the univariate analysis. RESULTS: A prevalence of 57.7 % for DED was found. No age differences were found between those with and without DED (U = 1886.5, p = 0.243). Nevertheless, the DED group had more females (X(2) = 7.033, p = 0.008). The univariate logistic regression identified as potential risk factors for DED the following: female sex, sleep hours per day, menopause, anxiety, systemic rheumatologic disease, use of anxiolytics, daily medication, ocular surgery, poor diet quality, more ultra-processed food in diet, not drinking caffeine and hours of exposure to air conditioning per day. Multivariate logistic regression revealed that hours of sleep per day, menopause and use of anxiolytics were independently associated with DED (p ≤ 0.026 for all). CONCLUSIONS: DED is associated with systemic, environmental and lifestyle risk factors. These findings are useful to identify potentially modifiable risk factors, in addition to conventional treatments for DED.
Selenium accumulation and speciation in biofortified chickpea (Cicer arietinum L.) under Mediterranean conditions.; BACKGROUND: Millions of people have Se-deficient diets and Se-biofortified crops could prevent such deficiency. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the potential of chickpea for use in Se fertilization programs in order to increase available Se. Two foliar Se fertilizers (sodium selenate and sodium selenite) at four rates (0, 10, 20, 40 g ha(-1)) were tested in the 2010/2011 and 2011/2012 growing seasons in a field experiment conducted under semiarid Mediterranean conditions. RESULTS: Sodium selenate was much more effectively taken by plants than sodium selenite, and there was a strong and linear relationship between total Se content and Se rate for both. For each gram of Se fertilizer, applied either as sodium selenate or sodium selenite, the increases of total Se concentration in grain were 126 and 87, and 25 and 19 µg Se kg(-1) dry weight, in 2010/2011 and 2011/2012, respectively. Se was found to be incorporated into chickpea grains mainly (>70%) as selenomethionine. CONCLUSION: Se-enriched chickpeas would be a good candidate for inclusion in biofortification programs under semiarid Mediterranean conditions and for promotion as a 'functional food'.
Evaluation of dietary pattern in early pregnancy using the FIGO Nutrition Checklist compared to a food frequency questionnaire.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reliability and utility of the FIGO Nutrition Checklist to identify dietary and nutritional inadequacy in early pregnancy by comparing it against nutritional indicators and dietary quality indices (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension [DASH] score, Mediterranean Diet Score [MDS], and Dietary Quality Index-International [DQI-I]), derived by a locally validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). METHODS: A prospective cohort study of healthy Chinese pregnant women randomly recruited between September 2017 and April 2018 at their first antenatal appointment. Women completed the FIGO Nutrition Checklist (translated into Chinese) and the FFQ. Spearman correlation was performed to examine association between the Checklist and dietary quality indices or food and nutrient intakes, calculated based on dietary data from the FFQ. RESULTS: Of 160 participants, 156 (97.5%) completed both the FIGO Nutrition Checklist and FFQ and were included. There were 148 (95%) women who reported at least one suboptimal dietary behavior using the Checklist. Checklist score was significantly associated with dietary quality indices (DASH ρ=0.344, P<0.001; DQI-I ρ=0.304, P<0.001; MDS ρ=0.164, P=0.041). The Checklist question on fruit/vegetables was significantly associated with fiber, vitamin C, and fruit and vegetable intake as calculated from the FFQ (0.325 ≤ ρ ≤0.441, P<0.001). The question on dairy intake was significantly associated with intake of calcium, milk and dairy products captured via FFQ (0.576 ≤ ρ ≤0.655, P<0.001). CONCLUSION: This study supports the use of the FIGO Nutrition Checklist to identify women with suboptimal dietary quality in early pregnancy.
Influence of breastfeeding in the accumulation of polybromodiphenyl ethers during the first years of child growth.; The concentrations of polybromodiphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in children at birth (cord blood sera, n = 92) and at the age of 4 years (sera, n = 244) from a cohort established in Menorca Island (Balearic Island, Spain) were studied. This cohort is representative of a general European population that is fed a typical Mediterranean diet. Among the 13 congeners analyzed, BDE #47 was the most abundant in both types of samples, with mean values of 2.8 ng/g of lipid weight in cord blood sera and 2.9 ng/g of lipid weight in sera. The observed distributions of PBDEs paralleled the composition of the commercially available mixtures of pentabromodiphenyl ethers. The concentrations of most congeners were higher in females than in males, but the differences were not significant. PBDE in the sera of 4 year old children was higher among those having been fed with maternal milk than formula. The differences were statistically significant for the congeners found in higher concentrations (e.g., BDE #47 and BDE #99). This difference was consistentwith previous reports on polychlorobiphenyls or 4,4'-DDE, indicating that despite the short lactation period (about 4.5 months as an average in this cohort), breastfeeding was the determining factor for the body burden of these compounds at 4 years of age. The observed increases of average body burden of total PBDEs between birth and the first 4 years of growth were 65 and 10 ng for breastfed and formula fed children, respectively.
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree: is there a connection between the body mass indexes of adolescents and their parents?; OBJECTIVES: Adolescent cases suffering from obesity tend to increase in middle-income countries. This study focused on the relationship between adolescent obesity and parents body mass index (BMI) and the variables of satisfaction, diet implementation and sports promotion. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted among adolescents living in the Mediterranean region (n=522, evaluated n=488). Anthropometric measurements were taken by expert researchers and data were collected using face-to-face survey technique. RESULTS: The average BMI of the adolescents and parents' was found to be above normal values. In adolescents, there was a positive and very good correlation with maternal BMI (r=0.711, p<0.01), a positive and moderate correlation with paternal BMI (r=0.512, p<0.01); In girl adolescents, it was positively and very well with maternal BMI (r=0.731, p<0.01), positively and moderately with father BMI (r=0.549, p<0.01); In boy adolescents, a positive and good correlation was found with maternal BMI (r=0.698, p<0.01), and a positive and moderate correlation with paternal BMI (r=0.459, p<0.01). In the analyzes comparing those who thought obesity threatened them (group 1) and those who did not think it threatened them (group 2), there was a statistically significant difference between the groups in terms of BMI distribution, satisfaction with body weight, diet program implementation, diet recommendation by the family and sports encouragement (p<0, 05). CONCLUSIONS: In a cross-sectional perspective paternal obesity is also significant in adolescents and the correlation with maternal obesity is relatively more effective. Also includes evidence of individual efforts and parental contribution in adolescents who see obesity as a threat.
Isomeric fatty acids: evaluating status and implications for maternal and child health.; "Isomeric fatty acids" is a term that refers to the trans- and positional isomers formed during hydrogenation of naturally occurring oils. The purposes of this paper are as follows: (i) to summarize potential exposure of infants to isomeric fatty acids by reviewing estimates of isomeric fatty acids in the maternal diet, in human milk, and in infant formula/infant foods, and (ii) to evaluate the evidence for adverse effects of isomeric fatty acids on infant development with respect to growth and essential fatty acid status. Estimates of the intake of trans-fatty acids vary widely both within and across populations. Current estimates of trans-fatty acids in the North American population are 4-11% of total fatty acids or 3-13 g/(person x d), whereas in Mediterranean countries in which olive oil is the primary fat and in Far Eastern countries in which little commercially hydrogenated fat is consumed, per capita consumption of trans-fatty acids is <1-2 g/d. The trans-fatty acid content of human milk reflects the cross-cultural variation in the maternal diet, with trans-fatty acids in human milk samples ranging from 6 to 7% in North America to <0.5% in Hong Kong. Trans-fatty acids are transferred from the maternal diet through the placenta to the developing fetus or through milk to the breast-fed infant. In some studies, plasma trans-fatty acids are inversely related to birth weight and head circumference. The hypothesis that dietary trans-fatty acids could inhibit biosynthesis of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids with 20 and 22 carbon atoms and thus affect infant development is supported by studies demonstrating an inverse correlation of plasma trans-fatty acids with n-3 and n-6 longchain polyunsaturated fatty acids in infants. However, no such relationship has been observed in human milk. A definitive answer concerning a potentially adverse effect of dietary trans-fatty acids on infant development awaits future studies.
Periconceptional diet quality and its relation to blood heavy metal concentrations among pregnant women: The Japan environment and Children's study.; BACKGROUND: Diets contain toxic chemical contaminants as well as essential nutrients, both of which influence the intrauterine environment for foetal growth. However, whether a high-quality diet that is nutritionally healthy also results in lower exposure to chemical contaminants is unknown. OBJECTIVE: We examined associations between periconceptional maternal diet quality and circulating concentrations of heavy metals during pregnancy. DESIGN: Dietary intake over the year prior to the first trimester of pregnancy was assessed using a validated, self-administered food frequency questionnaire among 81,104 pregnant Japanese women who participated in the Japan Environment and Children's Study. Overall diet quality was determined using the Balanced Diet Score (BDS) based on the Japanese Food Guide Spinning Top, the Healthy Eating Index-2015 (HEI-2015), the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) score and the Mediterranean diet score (MDS). We measured whole-blood concentrations of mercury (Hg), lead (Pb) and cadmium (Cd) during the second or third trimester of pregnancy. RESULTS: After controlling for confounders, all diet quality scores were positively associated with blood Hg concentrations. By contrast, higher BDS, HEI-2015 and DASH scores were associated with lower concentrations of Pb and Cd. Although the MDS was positively associated with concentrations of Pb and Cd, when dairy products were classified as a beneficial (rather than detrimental) food component, these associations were attenuated. CONCLUSION: A high-quality diet may reduce exposure to Pb and Cd but not Hg. Further studies are required to determine the optimal balance between mercury exposure risk and nutritional benefits of high-quality diets prior to pregnancy.
Mediterranean Marine Mammals: Possible Future Trends and Threats Due to Mercury Contamination and Interaction with Other Environmental Stressors.; Despite decreasing anthropogenic mercury (Hg) emissions in Europe and the banning and restriction of many persistent organic pollutants (POPs) under the Stockholm Convention, Mediterranean marine mammals still have one of the highest body burdens of persistent pollutants in the world. Moreover, the Mediterranean basin is one of the most sensitive to climate change, with likely changes in the biogeochemical cycle and bioavailability of Hg, primary productivity, and the length and composition of pelagic food webs. The availability of food resources for marine mammals is also affected by widespread overfishing and the increasing number of alien species colonizing the basin. After reporting the most recent findings on the biogeochemical cycle of Hg in the Mediterranean Sea and the physico-chemical and bio-ecological factors determining its exceptional bioaccumulation in odontocetes, this review discusses possible future changes in the bioavailability of the metal. Recent ocean-atmosphere-land models predict that in mid-latitude seas, water warming (which in the Mediterranean is 20% faster than the global average) is likely to decrease the solubility of Hg and favor the escape of the metal to the atmosphere. However, the basin has been affected for thousands of years by natural and anthropogenic inputs of metals and climate change with sea level rise (3.6 ± 0.3 mm year(-1) in the last two decades), and the frequency of extreme weather events will likely remobilize a large amount of legacy Hg from soils, riverine, and coastal sediments. Moreover, possible changes in pelagic food webs and food availability could determine dietary shifts and lower growth rates in Mediterranean cetaceans, increasing their Hg body burden. Although, in adulthood, many marine mammals have evolved the ability to detoxify monomethylmercury (MMHg) and store the metal in the liver and other organs as insoluble HgSe crystals, in Mediterranean populations more exposed to the metal, this process can deplete the biological pool of Se, increasing their susceptibility to infectious diseases and autoimmune disorders. Mediterranean mammals are also among the most exposed in the world to legacy POPs, micro- and nanoplastics, and contaminants of emerging interest. Concomitant exposure to these synthetic chemicals may pose a much more serious threat than the Se depletion. Unfortunately, as shown by the literature data summarized in this review, the most exposed populations are those living in the NW basin, the main feeding and reproductive area for most Mediterranean cetaceans, declared a sanctuary for their protection since 2002. Thus, while emphasizing the adoption of all available approaches to mitigate anthropogenic pressure with fishing and maritime traffic, it is recommended to direct future research efforts towards the assessment of possible biological effects, at the individual and population levels, of chronic and simultaneous exposure to Hg, legacy POPs, contaminants of emerging interest, and microplastics.
How much can changes in the agro-food system reduce agricultural nitrogen losses to the environment? Example of a temperate-Mediterranean gradient.; Ammonia (NH(3)) volatilization, nitrous oxide (N(2)O) emissions, and nitrate (NO(3)(-)) leaching from agriculture cause severe environmental hazards. Research studies and mitigation strategies have mostly focused on one of these nitrogen (N) losses at a time, often without an integrated view of the agro-food system. Yet, at the regional scale, N(2)O, NH(3), and NO(3)(-) loss patterns reflect the structure of the whole agro-food system. Here, we analyzed at the resolution of NUTS2 administrative European Union (EU) regions, N fluxes through the agro-food systems of a Temperate-Mediterranean gradient (France, Spain, and Portugal) experiencing contrasting climate and soil conditions. We assessed the atmospheric and hydrological N emissions from soils and livestock systems. Expressed per ha agricultural land, NH(3) volatilization varied in the range 6.2-44.4 kg N ha(-1) yr(-1), N(2)O emission and NO(3) leaching 0.3-4.9 kg N ha(-1) yr(-1) and 5.4-154 kg N ha(-1) yr(-1) respectively. Overall, lowest N(2)O emission was found in the Mediterranean regions, where NO(3)(-) leaching was greater. NH(3) volatilization in both temperate and Mediterranean regions roughly follows the distribution of livestock density. We showed that these losses are also closely correlated with the level of fertilization intensity and agriculture system specialization into either stockless crop farming or intensive livestock farming in each region. Moreover, we explored two possible future scenarios at the 2050 horizon: (1) a scenario based on the prescriptions of the EU-Farm-to-Fork (F2F) strategy, with 25% of organic farming, 10% of land set aside for biodiversity, 20% reduction in N fertilizers, and no diet change; and (2) a hypothetical agro-ecological (AE) scenario with generalized organic farming, reconnection of crop and livestock farming, and a healthier human diet with an increase in the share of vegetal protein to 65% (i.e., the Mediterranean diet). Results showed that the AE scenario, owing to its profound reconfiguration of the entire agro-food system would have the potential for much greater reductions in NH(3), N(2)O, and NO(3)(-) emissions, namely, 60-81% reduction, while the F2F scenario would only reach 24-35% reduction of N losses.
Adherence to the Mediterranean diet and waist-to-hip ratio in middle-aged postmenopausal women are the main factors associated with semantic verbal fluency 12  years later.; Few studies have analized the effect of vascular risk factors and lifestyle habits affecting the middle age of postmenopausal women on later cognitive performance in old age. We have carried out an observational study to identify those factors and whether they differ from those acting in men. Postmenopausal women and males, both aged 40-60  years old at recruitment, from a community dwelling cohort were included. Data for this study were collected from the first visit at recruitment (2001 to 2005). Participants were interviewed with a questionnaire on their health-related antecedents and underwent a physical exam. The cohort was contacted again for a new presential visit between 2014 and 2015. A semantic verbal fluency test was included in this new visit protocol as a brief measure of cognition. Besides educational attainment, Mediterranean diet adherence 20th percentile (OR = 1.93; 95%CI = 1.07-3.47) and waist to hip ratio 80th percentile (OR = 1.81; 95%CI = 1.10-2,98) were the main factors associated to low semantic fluency performance in postmenopausal women, while declared diabetes mellitus (OR = 2.24; 95%CI = 1.16-4,33), HOMA 2 insulin resistance index (OR = 1.77; 95%CI =1.04-3,02), light physical activity in leisure time (OR = 0.41; 95%CI = 0.19-0,93) and recommended moderate to vigorous physical activity (OR = 2.09; 95%CI = 1.23-3.56) did in men. Factors in middle age that explain semantic verbal fluency in old age are different between postmenopausal women and men. Menopause related fat redistribution may be a precondition for other vascular risk factors. The effect of Mediterranean diet on cognition deserves new specific studies centered on postmenopausal women as group.
Protective Effects of the Mediterranean Diet on Type 2 Diabetes and Metabolic Syndrome.; Several studies provide evidence supporting a beneficial effect from the traditional Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) on the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and metabolic syndrome (MetS). This review summarizes the current scientific evidence from epidemiologic studies and clinical trials on the relation between the MedDiet and T2DM and MetS and the possible mechanisms underlying the reported associations. A recent meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies showed that greater adherence to the MedDiet was associated with a significant reduction in the risk of diabetes. The MedDiet has also been found to be beneficial in the prevention of gestational diabetes. Four large prospective studies have observed inverse associations between the MedDiet and MetS or its components. Few randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have evaluated the effect of the MedDiet on T2DM and MetS. Results from the landmark PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) nutrition intervention trial showed that participants assigned to the MedDiet had a significant 30% reduction in the risk of T2DM and that it also promoted the reversion of MetS and its components, hyperglycemia and central obesity. In addition, 5 RCTs showed the beneficial effects of the MedDiet compared with other dietary patterns on glycemic control in patients with T2DM. A recent meta-analysis of RCTs revealed that, compared with a variety of control diets, the MedDiet was associated with beneficial effects on all MetS components. Bioactive components of the MedDiet synergize to affect various metabolic pathways, leading to a reduced cardiometabolic disease risk. The abundance of healthy, nutrient-dense foods that make up the plant-based MedDiet predicts its bioactivity and potential to beneficially influence metabolic pathways that lead to MetS and T2DM, as well as other chronic conditions. Abundant epidemiologic and clinical trial evidence supports the role of the MedDiet on the prevention and management of T2DM and MetS.
Chorta (Wild Greens) in Central Crete: The Bio-Cultural Heritage of a Hidden and Resilient Ingredient of the Mediterranean Diet.; An ethnobotanical field study focusing on traditional wild greens (WGs) was carried out in Central Crete, Greece. Through thirty-one semi-structured interviews, a total of fifty-five wild green plants and their culinary uses and linguistic labels were documented; they were mostly consumed boiled (vrasta) or fried (tsigariasta), as a filling for homemade pies. Comparison with some Greek historical data of the 19th and 20th centuries showed that WGs have remained resilient and are still present in the current Cretan diet. Cross-cultural comparison with the WGs gathered and consumed in other areas of the Central and Eastern Mediterranean demonstrated a remarkable diversity of Cretan WGs and important similarities with those consumed in Greek-speaking Cyprus, the Bodrum area of Turkey, coastal Syria, and Southern Italy. We discussed the cognitive categories linked to Chorta, as well as the possible origin of an original "bulk" of post-Neolithic food weeds that could have spread from the Fertile Crescent westwards across the Mediterranean basin over a few millennia. The current study represents a crucial effort to document and preserve the bio-cultural gastronomic heritage of Chorta and it is advisable that both biology and history scholars, as well as policy makers, pay needed attention to the WGs of the Cretan and Mediterranean diet.
Respiratory tract and diarrheal infections of breast-fed infants from birth to 6 months of age in household contexts of an Egyptian village.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the pattern of respiratory tract infections (RTI) and diarrhea among brest-fed infants and the impact of birth weight, maternal diet during lactation, and household socioenvironmental conditions on these illnesses. DESIGN: A longitudinal household-based study of infant morbidity from birth to 6 months of age. SETTING: Kalama village, Egypt. SUBJECTS: Morbidity information was obtained for 119 infants; 80 had longitudinal records over the first 6 months of age. RESULTS: Birth weights were normally distributed and the mean was comparable to the National Center for Health Statistics reference median. Most infants experienced growth faltering and increased illness episodes during 3 to 6 months of age. Infants with RTI during the first 3-month period were at a significantly higher risk of developing subsequent RTI compared with infants without earlier infections (OR = 5.0, chi-square 10.4, P < (0.0001). Similar associations were not observed for diarrhea. Controlling for earlier RTI, lower maternal intakes of vitamin A or C and animal source energy, protein, riboflavin, zinc or calcium were associated with more days sick with RTI in infants during 3-6 months whereas lower birth weight was associated with a longer duration. Among the variables examined poor household sanitation was the only significant predictor of diarrheal illnesses in this population. CONCLUSIONS: Infants living in unsanitary households were the main victims of diarrhea. Duration of RTI was shorter for infants of higher birth weight and sick days were fewer for infants whose mothers consumed more animal source foods, vitamin A or vitamin C.
Determinants of the annual pattern of reproduction in mature male Merino and Suffolk sheep: modification of responses to photoperiod by an annual cycle in food supply.; Rams of a 'Mediterranean breed' (Merino) and a 'temperate breed' (Suffolk) were compared to determine how much of the differences between their reproductive seasons is owing to variation in their responses to photoperiodic and nutritional cues. In a previous study, both nutritional and photoperiodic inputs were held constant, and it was found that the two breeds show similar endogenous rhythms and, when the animals are challenged with a Mediterranean photoperiodic cycle, these endogenous rhythms are similarly modified. The present study tested whether an annual cycle in the supply of forage might modify the patterns that are generated by the interaction between photoperiod and endogenous rhythms. Both breeds were subjected to a simulated 'Mediterranean' annual cycle in photoperiod (10L:14D to 14D:10L) and provided with either constant food supply or a simulated 'Mediterranean' annual cycle in food supply. In Merino rams, testicular growth responded to photoperiod, but nutrition dominated those responses. In Suffolk rams, changes in testicular size can be completely out of phase with changes in body mass because they are driven primarily by photoperiod, with only subtle responses to changes in diet. The cycle of testicular growth in the Suffolk was driven by changes in the secretion of gonadotrophins (follicle-stimulating hormone concentrations and luteinizing hormone pulse frequency). By contrast, in the Merino, the nutritionally driven seasonal cycle of testicular growth was associated primarily with changes in body mass and this relationship could not always be explained by changes in gonadotrophin secretion. Melatonin secretion was not affected by food supply. Thus, the 'Mediterranean' and 'temperate' genotypes have similar endogenous rhythms that are similarly modified by photoperiod but, with respect to seasonal changes in nutrition, they differ in both the nature of their reproductive response and the physiological mechanisms that mediate those responses.
Varicocele, Functional Foods and Nutraceuticals: From Mechanisms of Action in Animal Models to Therapeutic Application.; Varicocele is one of the main causes of infertility in men, thus representing an important clinical problem worldwide. Inflammation contributes mainly to its pathogenesis, even if the exact pathophysiological mechanisms that correlate varicocele and infertility are still unknown. In addition, oxidative stress, apoptosis, hypoxia, and scrotal hyperthermia seem to play important roles. So far, the treatment of varicocele and the care of the fertility-associated problems still represent an area of interest for researchers, although many advances have occurred over the past few years. Recent experimental animal studies, as well as the current epidemiological evidence in humans, demonstrated that many functional foods of natural origin and nutraceuticals that are particularly abundant in the Mediterranean diet showed anti-inflammatory effects in varicocele. The aim of the present narrative review is to mainly evaluate recent experimental animal studies regarding the molecular mechanisms of varicocele and the state of the art about possible therapeutic approaches. As the current literature demonstrates convincing associations between diet, food components and fertility, the rational intake of nutraceuticals, which are particularly abundant in foods typical of plant-based eating patterns, may be a reliable therapeutic supportive care against varicocele and, consequently, could be very useful in the cure of fertility-associated problems in patients.
The melatonin contained in beer can provide health benefits, due to its antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory properties.; Beer is a fermented beverage with a low alcohol content originating from cereal fermentation (barley or wheat). It forms part of the diet for many people. It contains melatonin (N-acetyl-5-methoxytryptamine). Melatonin is a molecule with a wide range of antioxidant, oncostatic, immunomodulatory, and cytoprotective properties. The aim of this work was to review the data supporting the idea that a moderate consumption of beer, because of its melatonin content, is particularly useful in healthy diets and in other physiological situations (such as pregnancy, menopause, and old age). Data source: a) The MEDLINE /PubMed search was conducted from 1975 to April 2022, and b) Our own experience and published studies on melatonin, the immune system, and beer. We provide a review of research on the mechanisms of melatonin generation in beer, its concentrations, and its possible effects on health. The melatonin contained in beer, as part of a healthy diet and in some special physiological situations, could act as a protective factor and improve the quality of life of those who drink it in moderation. © 2022 The Authors. Journal of The Science of Food and Agriculture published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Society of Chemical Industry.
Sex differences in endocannabinoids during 3 years of Mediterranean diet intervention: Association with insulin resistance and weight loss in a population with metabolic syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Excess circulating endocannabinoids (eCBs) and imbalanced N-acylethanolamines (NAEs) related eCBs abundance could influence dietary weight loss success. We aimed to examine sex differences in the impact of a 3-years Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) intervention on circulating eCBs, NAEs and their precursor fatty acids, and to analyze the interplay between changes in eCBs or NAEs ratios, insulin resistance and the achievement of clinically meaningful weight reductions. METHODS: Prospective cohort study in a subsample of N = 105 participants (54.3% women; 65.6 ± 4.6 years) with overweight or obesity and metabolic syndrome that underwent a 3-years MedDiet intervention (PREDIMED-Plus study). Plasma eCBs and NAEs, including 2-arachidonoylglycerol (2-AG), anandamide (AEA), oleoylethanolamide (OEA) and palmitoylethanolamide (PEA), fatty acids, diet, glycemic homeostasis (including the assessment of insulin resistance-HOMA-IR), and cardiovascular risk markers were monitored (at 0-6-12-36 months). RESULTS: Mediterranean diet adherence increased in both sexes and remained high during the 3 years of follow-up. Reductions in body weight, glycemic and cardiovascular parameters were larger in men than in women. Women presented higher concentrations of NAEs than men throughout the study. In both sexes, AEA and other NAEs (including OEA, and PEA) decreased after 6 months (for AEA: -4.9%), whereas the ratio OEA/AEA increased after 1 year (+5.8%). Changes in 2-AG (-3.9%) and the ratio OEA/PEA (+8.2%) persisted over the 3 years of follow-up. In women, 6-months changes in AEA (OR = 0.65) and the ratio OEA/AEA (OR = 3.28) were associated with the achievement of 8% weight reductions and correlated with HOMA-IR changes (r = 0.29 and r = -0.34). In men, OEA/PEA changes were associated with 8% weight reductions (OR = 2.62) and correlated with HOMA-IR changes (r = -0.32). CONCLUSION: A 3-years MedDiet intervention modulated plasma concentrations of eCBs and NAEs. Changes in AEA and in the relative abundance of NAEs were associated with clinically meaningful weight reductions. However, marked sex differences were identified in eCBs and NAEs, as well as in the efficacy of the intervention in terms of glycemic and cardiovascular parameters, which could be related to post-menopause alterations in glucose metabolism. These findings support a sex-balanced research strategy for a better understanding of the mechanisms underlying the regulation of body weight loss.
Dietary intervention for children and adolescents with familial hypercholesterolaemia.; Familial hypercholesterolaemia (FH) is a frequent genetic disorder characterised by high plasma levels of total and LDL-cholesterol and premature atherosclerosis. If left untreated, affected subjects have a high risk of cardiovascular disease, as they are exposed to very high levels of LDL-cholesterol from birth. Healthy dietary habits and lifestyle are the first treatment option and, if started from childhood, represent a milestone in the prevention of atherosclerotic disease, both as a starting point and in combination with drug therapy. In this work, based on the main consensus documents available so far, we have evaluated the most up-to-date indications of the dietetic-nutritional intervention for the treatment of FH, delving into the peculiar aspects of the diet of the child/adolescent affected by FH. After an analysis of the macro- and micronutrients and the most common dietary patterns currently recommended, we highlighted some practical aspects, some frequent errors and some risks we could fall into when dealing with paediatric nutritional treatment. In conclusion, the dietary intervention for the child/adolescent with FH is a complex task, that should be individualised and tailored taking into account, first of all, the nutritional adequacy for growth and development, but also the multiple aspects linked to the child/adolescent's age, tastes and preferences, the family they belong to, the socio-economic context and the Country they live in.
A Pretty Kettle of Fish: A Review on the Current Challenges in Mediterranean Teleost Reproduction.; The Mediterranean region is facing several environmental changes and pollution issues. Teleosts are particularly sensitive to these challenges due to their intricate reproductive biology and reliance on specific environmental cues for successful reproduction. Wild populations struggle with the triad of climate change, environmental contamination, and overfishing, which can deeply affect reproductive success and population dynamics. In farmed species, abiotic factors affecting reproduction are easier to control, whereas finding alternatives to conventional diets for farmed teleosts is crucial for enhancing broodstock health, reproductive success, and the sustainability of the aquaculture sector. Addressing these challenges involves ongoing research into formulating specialized diets, optimizing feeding strategies, and developing alternative and sustainable feed ingredients. To achieve a deeper comprehension of these challenges, studies employing model species have emerged as pivotal tools. These models offer advantages in understanding reproductive mechanisms due to their well-defined physiology, genetic tractability, and ease of manipulation. Yet, while providing invaluable insights, their applicability to diverse species remains constrained by inherent variations across taxa and oversimplification of complex environmental interactions, thus limiting the extrapolation of the scientific findings. Bridging these gaps necessitates multidisciplinary approaches, emphasizing conservation efforts for wild species and tailored nutritional strategies for aquaculture, thereby fostering sustainable teleost reproduction in the Mediterranean.
Revised irradiation doses to control melon fly, Mediterranean fruit fly, and oriental fruit fly (Diptera: Tephritidae) and a generic dose for tephritid fruit flies.; Currently approved irradiation quarantine treatment doses for Bactrocera cucurbitae (Coquillet), melon fly; Ceratitis capitata (Wiedemann), Mediterranean fruit fly; and Bactrocera dorsalis (Hendel), oriental fruit fly, infesting fruits and vegetables for export from Hawaii to the continental United States are 210, 225, and 250 Gy, respectively. Irradiation studies were initiated to determine whether these doses could be reduced to lower treatment costs, minimize any adverse effects on quality, and support a proposed generic irradiation dose of 150 Gy for fruit flies. Dose-response tests were conducted with late third instars of wild and laboratory strains of the three fruit fly species, both in diet and in fruit. After x-ray irradiation treatment, data were taken on adult emergence, and adult female fecundity and fertility. Melon fly was the most tolerant of the three species to irradiation, and oriental fruit fly was more tolerant than Mediterranean fruit fly. Laboratory and wild strains of each species were equally tolerant of irradiation, and larvae were more tolerant when irradiated in fruit compared with artificial diet. An irradiation dose of 150 Gy applied to 93,666 melon fly late third instars in papayas resulted in no survival to the adult stage, indicating that this dose is sufficient to provide quarantine security. Irradiation doses of 100 and 125 Gy applied to 31,920 Mediterranean fruit fly and 55,743 oriental fruit fly late third instars, respectively, also resulted in no survival to the adult stage. Results support a proposed generic irradiation quarantine treatment dose of 150 Gy for all tephritid fruit flies.
Lack of Impact of Posidonia oceanica Leaf Nutrient Enrichment on Sarpa salpa Herbivory: Additional Evidence for the Generalist Consumer Behavior of This Cornerstone Mediterranean Herbivore.; The fish Sarpa salpa (L.) is one of the main macroherbivores in the western Mediterranean. Through direct and indirect mechanisms, this herbivore can exert significant control on the structure and functional dynamics of seagrass beds and macroalgae. Past research has suggested nutritional quality of their diet influences S. salpa herbivory, with the fish feeding more intensively and exerting greater top down control on macrophytes with higher internal nutrient contents. However recent findings have questioned this notion and shown that herbivores do not preferentially feed on macrophytes with higher nutrient contents, but rather feed on a wide variety of them with no apparent selectivity. To contribute to this debate, we conducted a field fertilization experiment where we enriched leaves of the seagrass Posidonia oceanica, a staple diet for S. salpa, and examined the response by the herbivore. These responses included quantification of leaf consumption in fertilized and non-fertilized/control plots within the bed, and food choice assays where fertilized and non-fertilized/control leaves were simultaneously offered to the herbivore. Despite the duration of leaf exposure to herbivores (30 days) and abundant schools of S. salpa observed around the plots, leaf consumption was generally low in the plots examined. Consumption was not higher on fertilized than on non-fertilized leaves. Food choice experiments did not show strong evidence for selectivity of enriched leaves. These results add to a recent body of work reporting a broad generalist feeding behavior by S. salpa with no clear selectivity for seagrass with higher nutrient content. In concert, this and other studies suggest S. salpa is often generalist consumers not only dictated by diet nutrient content but by complex interactions between other traits of nutritional quality, habitat heterogeneity within their ample foraging area, and responses to predation risk.
Nutrition in early life and risk of childhood leukemia: a case-control study in Greece.; PURPOSE: There is a paucity of findings concerning the role of diet in childhood leukemogenesis, whereas the results are equivocal and the studies heterogeneous with regard to food items examined. This case-control study investigates the association of childhood leukemia with food groups, macronutrient consumption, total energy intake and adherence to Mediterranean diet among children aged 5-14 years in Greece. METHODS: A total of 139 consecutive, incident leukemia cases out of which 121 were acute lymphoblastic leukemia were derived from the Nationwide Registry for Childhood Hematological Malignancies along with one : one age- and gender-matched hospital controls. Information on socio-demographic, maternal and child variables and dietary habits was obtained through in-person interviews with the guardians/children. Multiple logistic regression was performed with adjustment for birth weight and possible confounding variables. RESULTS: Higher consumption of added lipids was associated with an increased risk of childhood leukemia, whereas consumption of milk and dairy products with reduced risk. From the macronutrient analysis, a borderline trend linking high protein intake with reduced childhood leukemia risk was observed. CONCLUSION: Consumption of milk and dairy products in the first year of life may protect against childhood leukemia possibly through vitamin D actions, while added lipids may increase the risk through various mechanisms. These results offer a holistic evaluation of children's nutrition and suggest that dietary habits in the early years of life may contribute to the prevention of childhood leukemia.
Diet and feeding behaviour of albacore Thunnus alalunga in the western Mediterranean Sea during the spawning period.; Mature albacore tuna (Thunnus alalunga) are expected to have high energy requirements at the time of breeding. However, there are no descriptions of the diet of albacore in the Mediterranean Sea that can help us to understand if such requirements can be obtained from feeding during reproduction. In this study, we analysed the stomach contents of reproductively active albacore captured from 2010 to 2015 in the oligotrophic waters of the western Mediterranean Sea, one of their main spawning grounds. Estimates of stomach fullness revealed intense feeding activity, and prey composition indicated important consumption of mesopelagic fish, including barracudinas, myctophids and small pelagic crustaceans. Plastic debris occurred in 25%-53% of the stomachs sampled across all years. Prey composition was not different between males and females. However, females fed at higher rates and had higher hepatosomatic index values than males, suggesting that increased feeding could contribute to meet their higher energy demand associated with offspring production. We observed a diet shift from small crustaceans to fish prey along fish size. During the spawning period, albacore showed a specialist feeding behaviour by preying on aggregations of vertically migrating myctophids and small crustaceans, probably when they were near the surface. This study provides information and biological data to support ecosystem modelling and to increase the understanding of albacore ecology.
Food safety using NMR-based metabolomics: Assessment of the Atlantic bluefin tuna, Thunnus thynnus, from the Mediterranean Sea.; Seafood is a valuable component of human diet because of its nutritional properties. The Atlantic bluefin tuna Thunnus thynnus is a scombroid fish highly appreciated as seafood worldwide. Being a top pelagic predator, concerns have been raised over human health risks due to its consumption. Therefore, herein it was comprehensively evaluated the health status and potential metabolite shifts between sexes of bluefin tuna from the Mediterranean Sea, proved to bioaccumulate environmental obesogens, namely polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and organochlorine pesticides (OCPs) at hepatic level. To this aim, nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR)-based metabolomics was applied on liver of post-spawning tuna. Findings from this study pointed out that hepatic bioaccumulation of PCBs and OCPs induced differential metabolic disturbances between sexes, attributable to the reproductive stage at which tuna were caught. Alterations were mainly found in energy-producing metabolic pathways (with changes in acetate, acetoacetate, malonate, and lactate), amino acid (with changes in BCAA, alanine, sarcosine, and tyrosine), and lipid (with changes in choline and phosphocholine) metabolism, with activation of fatty acids biosynthesis and ketogenesis in male tuna. Overall, according to the current European legislation on maximum levels of contaminants in seafood, the consumption of bluefin tuna does not represent a risk for human health.
The impact of diet switching on resource allocation to reproduction and longevity in Mediterranean fruitflies.; Understanding the factors that determine the allocation and utilization of organism resources may provide an insight into the mechanisms of adaptation, ageing and reproduction. Resource allocation, which is regarded as a method of adaptation, increases fitness and is genetically controlled. Experiments with variable diet feeding of female Mediterranean fruitflies (Ceratitis capitata) demonstrated that the feeding regime dramatically influences lifespan, mortality and the reproduction of flies. An analysis of experimental data and numerical experiments reveals that resource allocation could explain lifespan increase when females are switched from a sugar-only to a protein-containing diet. The heterogeneity of the initial female cohort in terms of the total amount of resources and its allocation to the processes of maintenance and reproduction plays a significant role in this.
Dietary pattern characterisation among subfertile South Asian women and the impact of vitamin B12 intake on frozen embryo transfer outcomes: a cross-sectional study.; STUDY QUESTION: Is there a difference in dietary patterns among subfertile South Asian women undergoing frozen embryo transfer (FET)? SUMMARY ANSWER: Significant regional differences in dietary pattern exist among subfertile South Asian women undergoing FET. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Preconception consumption of certain food groups or adopting specific dietary patterns, such as the 'Mediterranean diet', and its level of adherence have been shown to enhance the odds of achieving a successful pregnancy in women undergoing ART. However, differences in geographic location, individual preference, cultural beliefs and local availability contribute to such dietary choices. There is also a predisposition to a vitamin B12 deficiency in those of South Asian ethnicity and a predominant pattern of vegetarian food intake. There is a paucity of studies analysing the type of dietary pattern followed by South Asian women, their vitamin B12 levels and the potential impact on ART treatment outcomes. STUDY DESIGN SIZE DURATION: This is a cross-sectional study of 159 South Asian women aged 21-37 years, belonging to the Eastern (n = 75) and Southern (n = 84) regions of India plus Bangladesh, and undergoing a FET cycle at a tertiary level infertility clinic between February 2019 and March 2020. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS SETTING METHODS: Women underwent dietary assessment using '24-hour dietary recall' to capture daily nutrient consumption. A 'Food Frequency Questionnaire' listing commonly consumed foods was used to record frequency of intake. The primary outcome was the characterisation of regional dietary patterns in the cohorts using principal component analysis (PCA). Secondary outcomes included association of vitamin B12 intake and serum levels with clinical and ongoing pregnancy. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Four components contributing to overall variance in dietary pattern were identified, namely: meat, poultry and seafood; green leafy vegetables and root tubers; fruits, dairy and sugar; nuts and oilseeds. PCA analysis showed a significantly higher consumption of two components in the East-meat, poultry and fish (P < 0.001); green leafy vegetables and root tubers (P < 0.001). All women reported taking preconception oral folic acid supplementation. The dietary intake of vitamin B12 and serum concentration correlated, showing a good validity of measured dietary intake (r = 0.398; P ≤ 0.001). Compared to the Southern region, participants from the East showed a higher daily median intake of vitamin B12 (1.11 versus 0.28 mcg, respectively; P < 0.001) and a higher serum vitamin B12 levels (441 versus 239 pg/ml, respectively; P < 0.001). Ongoing pregnancy showed no association with dietary vitamin B12 intake (relative risk 0.90; 95% CI, 0.68 to 1.19) or serum vitamin B12 levels (relative risk 0.99; 95% CI, 0.73 to 1.33) after adjustments for female age, body mass index (BMI) and geographic differences. Women belonging to different quartiles of serum vitamin B12 concentration had a similar likelihood of ongoing pregnancy. LIMITATIONS REASONS FOR CAUTION: Self-reported dietary assessment is prone to measurement errors owing to its subjective nature and recall bias. The study was not adequately powered to detect the impact of geographic differences in vitamin B12 intake and serum levels on FET treatment outcomes, the second objective. We adjusted for potential confounders, such as female age and BMI, but it is possible that residual confounders, such as physical activity, stress and use of dietary supplements, may have influenced the results. Extrapolation of the study findings to women undergoing ART in other populations should be made with caution. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Our study findings suggest important differences in local dietary patterns within the South Asian region. Hence a personalised approach to dietary assessment and intervention when undergoing ART based on population dynamics is warranted. The geographic differences in the vitamin B12 intake or serum levels did not have an impact on the FET outcomes. There is also a need to further investigate the impact of such dietary differences on ART treatment outcomes in a large study population. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTERESTS: No grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors was obtained. The authors have nothing to disclose. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.
Use of Fecal Indices as a Non-Invasive Tool for Nutritional Evaluation in Extensive-Grazing Sheep.; The aim of the present study was to assess the reliability of fecal indices as predictors of nutrient intake in sheep under extensive grazing conditions. Fecal concentrations of 2,6-diaminopimelic acid (DAPAf), nitrogen (FN) and phosphorous (FP) were determined in four sheep kept in an extensive grazing system on annual Mediterranean grassland in the vegetative, reproductive and dry phenological stages. Metabolizable energy (MEI), crude protein (CPI) and phosphorus (PI) intake were calculated using the botanical composition, metabolizable energy, crude protein and phosphorus concentrations in each vegetal species making up the animal's diet. Significant differences were observed in the nutrient intake for each phenological stage (p < 0.0001). The highest MEI, CPI and PI were observed during the vegetative stage (p < 0.0001). FN and FP were different in each phenological stage (p < 0.0001), with significant correlations observed between these variables (r = 0.916; p < 0.0001). Regressions among nutrient intake and fecal indices were significant, except in the cases of DAPAf and MEI, and DAPAf and CPI. Based on these results, fecal indices could be used to estimate nutrient intake in sheep under extensive grazing on annual Mediterranean grassland.
Autecology, feeding preferences and reproductive biology of Chorthippus (Glyptobothrus) vagans (Eversmann, 1848) (Orthoptera: Gomphocerinae) in Mediterranean ecosystems.; Chorthippus vagans is a common species of Gomphocerinae (Orthoptera) on the Iberian Peninsula. It is endangered in Central Europe where information about its ecological requirements is available; however, aspects of its biology are almost unknown in Mediterranean ecosystems, where it is widespread and common. The focus of this study was to determine how C. vagans adjusts its biology to environmental features of this ecosystem and to interpret how it may be affected by the ecological changes related to the re-vegetation programme linked to the construction of the Breña dam (SW Spain). The research parameters included the autoecology, feeding response and some aspects of reproduction of this species in the Southern Iberian Peninsula. To determine the local distribution and phenology of C. vagans, monthly samplings were conducted (2007-2010) in 12 sampling plots. For the food selection tests, ten nymphs and ten adults were placed individually in insectaries under controlled conditions. Grasses (Lolium sp.) and shrubs (Cistus sp.) were supplied ad libitum in two types of tests, monospecific and mixed diet. The reproductive biology was analysed by both observations of anatomical structures (integument, bristles, tibial spines, tarsal claws and mandibles) and ovarian dissections of 29 females and in laboratory rearing experiments with 15 pairs of adults. The results indicate that C. vagans shows an extended activity period which peaks at the end of summer. It is a polyphagous grasshopper, although adults show a slight preference for grasses. In addition, it is a univoltine species with spring-summer breeding activity.
PCBs and organochlorine pesticide residues in eggs of Audouin's gull (Larus audouinii) in the north-eastern Mediterranean.; Levels of eight PCB congeners (IUPAC 8, 20, 28, 52, 101, 118, 138, 180) and 13 organochlorine pesticides (alpha-BHC, beta-BHC, lindane (gamma-BHC), heptachlor, heptachlor epoxide, aldrin, dieldrin, endrin, 2,4'-DDT, 2,4'-DDD, 4,4'-DDT, 4,4'-DDD, 4,4'-DDE) were measured in unhatched Audouin gull eggs from Aegean Sea (northeastern Mediterranean) colonies in 1997 and 1998. Levels of more persistent congeners 138, 180 and in some colonies 118, predominated among PCBs. Between years significant differences were found in the levels of a variety of contaminants in the same regional colonies (Lipsos, Agathonisi, and Fourni) attributable to temporal changes in diet. Within years differences were limited (1997: PCB congeners 52, 118, 180, heptachlor and 4,4'-DDD; 1998: PCB congener 8 and heptachlor epoxide) which in combination with cluster analysis suggest a temporal rather than spatial pattern of pollution in the Aegean Sea. Maximum median levels of five PCB congeners, total PCBs and eight organochlorine pesticides were found in the Agathonisi and Fourni colonies suggesting an elevated nearby pollution probably from the polluted Menderez River. Levels of all contaminants were too low to have any adverse reproductive effects on the Audouin's gull of the Aegean colonies.
They are here to stay: the biology and ecology of lionfish (Pterois miles) in the Mediterranean Sea.; The lionfish, Pterois miles, is one of the most recent Lessepsian immigrants into the Mediterranean Sea, and it poses a serious threat to marine ecosystems in the region. This study assesses the basic biology and ecology of lionfish in the Mediterranean, examining morphometrics, reproduction and diet as well as population structure and distribution. The population density of lionfish has increased dramatically in Cyprus since the first sighting in late 2012; by 2018 aggregations of up to 70 lionfish were found on rocky grounds with complex reefs and artificial reefs in depths of 0-50 m. Lionfish in Cyprus become mature within a year, and adults are capable of spawning year-round, with peak spawning in summer when the sea-surface temperature reaches 28.4°C. The Cypriot lionfish grow faster and bigger than in their native range, and females are more common than males. Lionfish are generalist predators in these waters, as also found in their native range, consuming a range of teleost and crustacean prey, some of which are of high economic value (e.g., Spicara smaris and Sparisoma cretense) or have an important role in local trophic webs (e.g., Chromis chromis). Overall, the reproductive patterns, the presence of juveniles and adults throughout the year, the rapid growth rates and the generalist diet indicate that lionfish are thriving and are now already well established in the region and could potentially become the serious nuisance that they are in their temperate and tropical western Atlantic-invasive range.
Nutritional correlates of reproductive success of male Mediterranean fruit flies (Diptera: Tephritidae).; We examined the hypothesis that adult diet affects the reproductive success of male Mediterranean fruit flies. In particular we determined whether protein-fed males copulated more frequently than protein-deprived males. Furthermore, we determined whether the nutritional status of their first sexual partner affects the renewal of female receptivity. Males fed no protein copulated at a significantly lower rate than did males fed protein. In both diet groups, size was significantly associated with copulatory success. Protein-deprived males transferred significantly more sperm to their mates than did protein-fed males. However, significantly more females mated to protein-deprived males re-mated on the following day. We conclude that male diet is a significant factor in determining male reproductive success. Male diet affects the ability to gain copulations with virgin females, and the receptivity of these females to further copulations.
The history, science, and art of wine and the case for health benefits: perspectives of an oenophilic cardiovascular pathologist.; This article stems from the intersection of the author's long-standing interests in science, medicine, pathology and oenology. A discussion is provided of selected aspects of the science of viticulture and wine production as well as qualities of the finished product crafted by the art of the wine maker. The case for health benefits of moderate consumption of wine and other alcoholic beverages also is discussed. Based on the "French paradox," an analysis is presented of the evidence for the special effects of red wine consumption, particularly as part of the Mediterranean diet and lifestyle. A concluding perspective is given in support of wine as a promoter of civility and social engagement.
Bio-Ecological Features Update on Eleven Rare Cartilaginous Fish in the Central-Western Mediterranean Sea as a Contribution for Their Conservation.; Cartilaginous fish are commonly recognized as key species in marine ecosystems for their fundamental ecological role as top predators. Nevertheless, effective management plans for cartilaginous fish are still missing, due to the lack of knowledge on their abundance, distribution or even life-history. In this regard, this paper aims at providing new information on the life-history traits, such as age, maturity, reproductive period, in addition to diet characteristics of eleven rare cartilaginous fish inhabiting the Central-Western Mediterranean Sea belonging to the orders Chimaeriformes (Chimaera monstrosa), Hexanchiformes (Heptranchias perlo and Hexanchus griseus), Myliobatiformes (Aetomylaeus bovinus and Myliobatis aquila), Rajiformes (Dipturus nidarosiensis and Leucoraja circularis), Squaliformes (Centrophorus uyato, Dalatias licha and Oxynotus centrina) and Torpediniformes (Tetronarce nobiliana), useful for their assessment and for future management actions. Particularly, the present paper provides for the first time the age estimation of D. nidarosienis and L. circularis which were both found capable of becoming older than ten years. In addition, the present study updates the sizes of first maturity of C. uyato and D. licha, which appeared to be capable of reproducing earlier than what was previously hypothesized, representing very valuable information for a better understanding of these rare species populations status and, eventually, their conservation. On the basis of the stomach content analysis, it was possible to identify five different predator groups.
Influence of a Virgin Olive Oil versus Butter Plus Cholesterol-Enriched Diet on Testicular Enzymatic Activities in Adult Male Rats.; The aim of the present work was to improve our knowledge on the mechanisms underlying the beneficial or deleterious effects on testicular function of the so-called Mediterranean and Western diet by analyzing glutamyl aminopeptidase (GluAP), gamma glutamyl transpeptidase (GGT) and dipeptidyl peptidase IV (DPP IV) activities in testis, as enzymes involved in testicular function. Male Wistar rats (6 months old) were fed for 24 weeks with three different diets: standard (S), an S diet supplemented with virgin-olive-oil (20%) (VOO), or a S diet enriched with butter (20%) plus cholesterol (0.1%) (Bch). At the end of the experimental period, plasma lipid profiled (total triglycerides, total cholesterol and cholesterol fractions (HDL, LDL and VDL)) were measured. Enzymatic activities were determined by fluorimetric methods in soluble (sol) and membrane-bound (mb) fractions of testicular tissue using arylamide derivatives as substrates. Results indicated an increase in plasmatic triglycerides, total cholesterol, LDL and VLDL in Bch. A significant increase of mb GluAP and GGT activities was also found in this diet in comparison with the other two diets. Furthermore, significant and positive correlations were established between these activities and plasma triglycerides and/or total cholesterol. These results support a role for testicular GluAP and GGT activities in the effects of saturated fat (Western diet) on testicular functions. In contrast, VOO increased sol DPP IV activity in comparison with the other two diets, which support a role for this activity in the effects of monounsaturated fat (Mediterranean diet) on testicular function. The present results strongly support the influence of fatty acids and cholesterol on testicular GluAP and GGT activities and also provide support that the reported beneficial influence of the Mediterranean diet in male fertility may be mediated in part by an increase of testicular sol DPP IV activity.
A study of trophic structure, physiological condition and mercury biomagnification in swordfish (Xiphias gladius): Evidence of unfavourable conditions for the swordfish population in the Western Mediterranean.; Studies integrating trophic ecology, physiological condition and accumulation of heavy metals in top predators, such as swordfish, are needed to better understand the links between them and the risk to humans associated with consumption of these fish. This research focuses on the swordfish of the Catalan Sea and follows a multi method approach that considers their diet, their liver lipid content, and mercury accumulation in their bodies as well as in their prey. The aim is to highlight the links between trophic ecology, physiology (fish condition), and eco-toxicology. Results indicate that poor condition of swordfish based on size and the levels of lipid in the liver, and the high Hg levels accumulated to the trophic web (particularly from cephalopods) may indicate potential unfavourable feeding and reproduction conditions for swordfish in the NW Mediterranean and this warrants further investigation.
Agronomic selenium biofortification in Triticum durum under Mediterranean conditions: from grain to cooked pasta.; To improve the nutritional value of durum wheat and derived products, two foliar Se fertilisers (sodium selenate and selenite) were tested at four rates (0-10-20-40gha(-1)) in 2010/2011 and 2011/2012 in southwestern Spain. There was a strong and linear relationship between total Se or selenomethionine (Se-Met) accumulation in grain and Se dose for both fertilisers, although selenate was much more efficient. Se-Met was the main Se species (≈90%) of the total Se extracted from all materials. Milling caused a 27% loss of Se due to the removal of Se located in bran and germ. In the pasta making process and the cooking process the loss of Se, mainly as selenite, was about 7%. Durum wheat may be a good candidate to be included in Se biofortification programs under rainfed Mediterranean conditions, as foodstuffs derived from it could efficiently increase the Se content in the human diet.
Effects of dietary habits and sedentary lifestyle on breast cancer among women attending the oncology day treatment center at a state university in Turkey.; BACKGROUND: Certain lifestyle factors affect the risk of developing breast cancer. Especially, diet and physical activity play a primary role in preventing breast cancer. However, the results of studies on this subject in different societies are still conflicting. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study is to determine the effects of dietary habits and sedentary lifestyle on breast cancer risk among women attending the Oncology Day Treatment Center at a state university in Turkey. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This case-control study was conducted in the Oncology Day Treatment Center at a state university in Turkey between December 1(st), 2016 and June 1(st), 2017. The case group consists of 65 women diagnosed with breast cancer, and the control group consists of 65 women without any chronic disease. The Mediterranean diet score was used to assess the dietary habits of the participants, and the International Physical Activity Questionnaire Short Form was used to assess the physical activity (sedentary lifestyle) of the participants. The Shapiro-Wilk W test was used to check for normality within the distribution of scale scores. Categorical data were compared using the Chi-square test. Multivariate binary regression analysis was conducted (P < 0.05). RESULTS: The proportion of participants who received a higher score from the Mediterranean diet score was significantly lower in the case group than in the control group. The proportion of physically inactive individuals in the case group was higher than those in the control group. Body mass index (BMI) at the age of menopause was significantly higher in the case group than the control group. Those who frequently use a deep-frying cooking method to cook red meat have a 6.77 times higher breast cancer risk than those who use a stewing method. Comparing those who do not consume olive oil, or who consume olive oil rarely, once or twice a week compared with those who consume olive oil daily, it was found that the case group has 4.5 times higher risk than the control group. CONCLUSIONS: Cooking red meat by a deep-frying method, lack of physical activity, having a higher BMI particularly during the postmenopausal period, and nonadherence to the Mediterranean diet are risk factors of breast cancer.
Medicinal agents in the metabolic syndrome.; The metabolic syndrome (MS) has become a worldwide health problem. It is difficult for patients to follow a diet/exercise regime that would improve their symptoms, therefore the investigation of agents that may deal with its more serious aspects is an important medical field for research. The cardiovascular consequences associated with the syndrome and some of the therapeutic approaches are discussed. The different agents can be divided into several groups: Inorganic/ organic: Zinc complexes with garlic components as insulino-mimetics; Selenium as antioxidant; Copper, Zinc and Manganese as microcomponents of antioxidant enzymes. Organic: Natural or Synthetic: Glycine is effective in lowering blood pressure, TBARS, intra-abdominal fat tissue and triglycerides in sucrose-fed rats. Pharmaceutical products: Fibrates, Lipid-lowering drugs. Antidiabetics. Anti-gout agents. On the other hand there are natural products such as those of animal origin: Sex hormones (also synthetic) used in the problems of menopause and hypoandrogenism frequently found in the MS, antioxidant Omega-3-oils (fish oils) or Vegetal: for example Digitalis pupurea, century-old cardiovascular medication as well as Magnolia officinalis; Spirulina maxima with beneficial effects as antioxidant and lipid-lowering agent, among others. Prickly Pear Cacti. (Opuntia Ficus- Indica Cochlospermum vitifolium (Willd.) Spreng) whose many properties against diabetes and hypercholesterolemia have been empirically known for many years. Perezone (from Perezia plants, a.k.a. Peonia) described as an antiplatelet aggregating agent. The mixed elements in the Mediterranean diet: Fish, salads (peppers, tomatoes), olive oil, garlic, red wine which combines fish oils, garlic and avocado as well as antioxidants from the rest of its components.
Seasonality of plasma testosterone in males of four Mediterranean goat breeds and in three different climatic conditions.; The aims of the present work were to evaluate if a seasonality of plasma testosterone concentrations exists in Mediterranean male goats and it may be affected by climatic conditions. Testosterone concentrations were determined throughout 1 year in blood samples collected weekly from 24 males of 4 Mediterranean goat breeds (Ionica, Garganica, Maltese and Red Syrian), fed a constant diet, maintained without interactions with does and reared in 3 farms with different climates, in Italy. Plasma testosterone concentrations were affected by season (P<0.0001), being higher during summer (8.33+/-0.35 ng/mL) than during autumn (6.81+/-0.26 ng/mL), which were in turn higher than in winter (1.55+/-0.08 ng/mL) and spring (2.04+/-0.15 ng/mL). An effect of breed was recorded (P<0.001), Ionica bucks having the highest plasma testosterone means, Red Syrian and Maltese the lowest. The onset of the reproductive season was similar among the breeds. Ionica bucks had a later offset than Red Syrian and Maltese and a longer reproductive season than Maltese bucks (P<0.05). No effect of farm nor interaction breed x farm was recorded. Single sporadic peaks of plasma testosterone were recorded in many bucks, outside the main reproductive season, especially during spring. In conclusion the bucks of all the four breeds displayed a clear seasonality of plasma testosterone, with very low levels from January to May and high levels from July to November; hormone levels and pattern of seasonality were affected by breed and not by climate.
Associations between late and moderately preterm birth and smoking, alcohol, drug use and diet: a population-based case-cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: This study explores the associations between lifestyle factors and late and moderate preterm birth (LMPT: 32(+0)-36(+6) weeks' gestation), a relatively under-researched group. STUDY DESIGN: A population-based case-cohort study was undertaken involving 922 LMPT and 965 term (37+ weeks' gestation) singleton live and stillbirths born between 1 September 2009 and 31 December 2010 to women residing in Leicestershire and Nottinghamshire, UK. Poisson multivariable regression models were fitted to estimate relative risks (RR) of LMPT birth associated with maternal smoking, alcohol and recreational drug use, and diet. RESULTS: Women who smoked during pregnancy were at 38% increased risk of LMPT birth compared with non-smokers (RR 1.38, 95% CI (1.04 to 1.84)). Low consumption of fruit and vegetables was associated with a 31% increased risk compared with those who reported eating higher consumption levels (RR 1.31 (1.03 to 1.66)). Women who did not have any aspects of a Mediterranean diet were nearly twice as likely to deliver LMPT compared with those whose diet included more Mediterranean characteristics (RR 1.81 (1.04 to 3.14)). Women who smoked and consumed low levels of fruit and vegetables (5% of women) were at particularly high risk (RR=1.81 (1.29 to 2.55)). There was no significant effect of alcohol or recreational drug use on LMPT birth. CONCLUSIONS: Smoking and poor diet during pregnancy, factors that strongly impact on very preterm birth, are also important at later gestations and experienced together are associated with an elevated rate of risk. Our findings suggest early cessation of smoking during pregnancy may be an effective strategy to reduce LMPT births.
Gut microbiome composition is similar between pregnant women with excess body fat with healthy and less healthy dietary intake patterns.; BACKGROUND: Dietary composition influences the composition of the gut microbiota in healthy adults. Little is known about the effect of dietary patterns on gut microbiota composition in pregnancy. This cross-sectional study aimed to investigate the associations between two diet quality scores adapted from the Australian Recommended Food Score (ARFS) and the Mediterranean Dietary Score (MDS) with the composition of the gut microbiota in pregnant women with excess body fat at 28 weeks' gestation. METHODS: Women from the Study of Probiotics IN Gestational diabetes (SPRING) who had completed a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ; n = 395) were classified according to tertiles of ARFS and the MDS. Higher dietary pattern scores in both the ARFS and the MDS represent better diet quality. Gut microbiota composition was assessed using 16S rRNA gene amplicon sequencing and analysed using MicrobiomeAnalyst in a subset of 196 women with faecal samples. RESULTS: No significant difference was found in alpha or beta diversity. A higher ARFS was associated with a higher abundance of Ruminococcus and lower abundance of Akkermansia, whereas a higher MDS was associated with a higher abundance of Ruminococcus and Butyricicoccus, though these changes disappeared after correction for multiple testing. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that dietary patterns defined by the ARFS and MDS were not associated with gut microbiota composition in pregnant women classified as overweight and obese at 28 weeks' gestation within this study.
Concentrations of bisphenols and phthalate esters in the muscle of Mediterranean striped dolphins (Stenella coeruleoalba).; Bisphenols (BPs) and phthalate esters (PAEs) are important compounds for the plastics industry, also called "everywhere chemicals" due to their ubiquity in daily use products. Both chemical groups are well-known environmental contaminants, whose presence has been reported in all environmental compartments, and whose effects, mainly associated to endocrine disruption, are detrimental to living organisms. Cetaceans, due to their long life-span, low reproduction rate and high position in the trophic web, are especially vulnerable to the effects of contaminants. However, little is known about BP and PAE concentrations in cetacean tissues, their potential relation to individual biological variables, or their trends over time. Here, the concentration of 10 BPs and 13 PAEs was assessed in the muscle of 30 striped dolphins (Stenella coeruleoalba) stranded along the Spanish Catalan coast (NW Mediterranean) between 1990 and 2018. Six BP and 6 PAE compounds were detected, of which only 4,4'-(cyclohexane-1,1-diyl)diphenol (BPZ) was detected in all the samples, at the highest concentration (mean 16.06 μg g(-1) lipid weight). Sex or reproductive condition were largely uninfluential on concentrations: only dimethylphthalate (DMP) concentrations were significantly higher in immature individuals than in adults, and the overall PAE concentrations were significantly higher in males than in females. Temporal variations were only detected in bis(4-hydroxyphenyl)ethane (BPE), diethylphthalate (DEP) and dimethylphthalate (DMP), whose concentrations were lower, and 9,9-Bis(4-hydroxyphenyl)fluorene (BPFL), which were higher, respectively, in samples taken between 2014 and 2018, probably reflecting shifts in the production and use of these chemicals. These results provide the first assessment of concentrations of several BP and PAE compounds in the muscle of an odontocete cetacean.
Observations on the biological traits of the rare shark Oxynotus centrina (Chondrichthyes: Oxynotidae) in the Hellenic Seas.; New records of the rare angular rough shark Oxynotus centrina from the Hellenic Seas are presented. Its occurrence is reported for the first time in the Corinthian Gulf. Some aspects of the species' biology are described and compared with previous studies.
Minerals profile of two globe artichoke cultivars as affected by NPK fertilizer regimes.; Globe artichoke is a proven source of various minerals (such as K, Fe and Zn) in the Mediterranean diet, but their content in response to fertilizer regime has not yet been investigated sufficiently. Thus, we monitored the effect of two contrasting nitrogen/phosphorus/potassium (NPK) fertilizer regimes (one balanced and the other excessive) on the minerals accumulation of 'Apollo' and 'Tema 2000' cultivars, grown in three Sicilian locations ('Landolina', 'Iannarello' and 'Zotto') - South Italy. Except for total nitrogen, the balanced fertilizer regime favoured the accumulation of both macro- and micro-minerals, but with a different extent depending especially on trial location. Particularly, plants grown at 'Iannarello' responded more strongly to the fertilizer regime with respect to K, P, Ca, Fe and Zn accumulation, as a result of its different soil characteristics than the other locations. Providing a balanced supply of nitrogen/phosphorus/potassium via fertilization can enhance the nutritive value of globe artichoke, but taking into account especially soil characteristics.
Infant feeding practices among Bedouins in transition from seminomadic to settlement conditions in the Negev area of Israel.; Infant feeding practices among 353 Bedouin families in transition from seminomadic to settlement conditions in the Negev area of Israel were compared with those of 302 Jewish families from the same area. Over 99% of the Bedouin infants were initially breast-fed, in contrast to 79% of the Jewish infants; none of the Jewish infants continued to be breast-fed by the end of the first year of life, while 63% of the Bedouins were. Rice was the first solid food to be introduced to Bedouin infants, while fruits and vegetables were the first solids introduced to the Jewish infants. Rice was not an important constituent of the Jewish infants' diet. By the age of 6 months, 93% of the Jewish infants were eating fruits and vegetables, 78% meat, 49% bread and 55% eggs, in contrast to 20, 13, 8 and 18% among the Bedouins, respectively. Introduction of meat lagged significantly among the Bedouin infants, taking place after the 8th month of life for greater than 50%. Bedouin infant-feeding practices resembled those prevalent among rural populations in developing countries. It is likely that with increasing modernization this pattern will gradually disappear and will be replaced by that prevalent among Western populations.
Individual variation of persistent organic pollutants in relation to stable isotope ratios, sex, reproductive phase and oxidative status in Scopoli's shearwaters (Calonectris diomedea) from the Southern Mediterranean.; Little is known about the accumulation of persistent organic pollutants (POPs) and its consequences for seabirds in the Mediterranean basin. We characterised the plasma contaminant profile (polychlorinated biphenyls ΣPCBs; organochlorine pesticides ΣOCPs; polybrominated diphenyl ethers ΣPBDEs) of a population of the seabird Scopoli's shearwater (Calonectris diomedea) that breeds in the southern Mediterranean (Linosa Island) and investigated (i) whether sex, stable isotope ratios (related to diet), reproductive phase (early incubation vs. late breeding season) and body mass explained variation in contaminant burden and (ii) whether they predict health-related variables. The predominant category of POPs was ΣPCBs contributing between 53.0 and 92.4% of the total POPs in each shearwater. The percentage contribution of ΣOCPs to total POPs ranged between 7.6 and 47.0%, while that of ΣPBDEs ranged between <1% and 22.1%. Near the end of the breeding season, concentrations of ΣPCBs, ΣOCPs and ΣPOPs were significantly higher than at the beginning of the incubation period. ΣPBDEs were higher in males than females near the end of the breeding season, while they were higher in females than males at the beginning of the egg incubation period. Carbon- and nitrogen isotope ratios and individual body mass were not significantly associated with any contaminant class. Mates differed in the concentration of POPs, but they had similar stable isotope values. There was little evidence for a connection between contaminants and blood-based markers of oxidative balance. None of the contaminants predicted the probability of a bird being resighted as a breeder the following year. Thus, although POPs were present at high concentrations in some individuals, our study suggests little concern regarding POP exposure for this shearwater population.
Atherosclerosis and Endometriosis: The Role of Diet and Oxidative Stress in a Gender-Specific Disorder.; Background: Accelerated atherosclerosis in patients with endometriosis has been hypothesised, and lifestyle improvement might control cardiovascular risk. We explored cardiometabolic markers and oxidative stress and evaluated the effects of the Mediterranean Diet (MD) in modulating these markers. Methods: In this prospective study, we included 35 women with endometriosis. At baseline (T0) and after 3 (T1) and 6 (T2) months from the start of the diet, we investigated cardiometabolic parameters, lifestyle and oxidative stress. Results: After a 3-month intervention with MD, we observed a significant reduction in total cholesterol (p = 0.01) and LDL-c (p = 0.003). We observed at T1 an increase in B12 and E vitamins, folate and zinc. After 6 months, zinc (p = 0.04) and folate (p = 0.08) increased in comparison to T0. A reduction in homocysteine from T0 to T1 (p = 0.01) was found. After 3 months, an increase in Rapid Assessment of Physical Activity tool 1 (RAPA) (p < 0.001) and RAPA 2 was observed (p = 0.009). We observed high levels of oxidative stress markers at baseline. After 6 months of MD, a significant improvement in lymphocyte Reactive Oxygen Species (ROS) (p < 0.001) and total antioxidant capacity was observed (p = 0.02). Conclusions: The improvement of lifestyle, and in particular the Mediterranean dietary intervention, allowed the improvement of the metabolic and oxidative profile and overall health-related quality of life.
Dietary Changes and Anxiety during the Coronavirus Pandemic: Differences between the Sexes.; The SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) pandemic has been associated with both increased anxiety, deterioration in diet and weight gain. These associations may differ by sex. The present report examines differences by sex in diet quality in order to determine whether associations between diet and psychological stress during the initial phase of the COVID-19 pandemic differed by sex. This online study is available internationally in seven languages. The Mediterranean Diet Score was used to measure diet quality, while the General Anxiety Disorder 7-point scale (GAD-7) was used to measure anxiety. Findings were compared by self-reported sex (male vs. female). A total of 3797 respondents provided informed consent and met eligibility criteria, of whom 526 women were omitted due to being pregnant or six months or less post-partum, or due to reproductive status not being reported. Thus, 3271 individuals are included in the present report, of whom 71.2% were women. The median age of women was 30 (interquartile range (IQR) = 16) years vs. 31 (IQR = 19) years, p = 0.079. The median diet quality score was 9 (IQ = 3) in both women and men (p = 0.75). Despite the overall similarity in diet score, several components of the score differed significantly by sex. Women reported consuming significantly more olive oil, daily servings of vegetables, and weekly servings of sweet baked goods. Men reported consuming significantly more sweetened/carbonated drinks, red meat, alcohol, legumes, and hummus/tahini. Women reported a GAD-7 score of 6 (IQR = 8), while men reported 3 (6), p < 0.001. An inverse association was detected between the Mediterranean diet score and the GAD-7 score in both women (rho = -0.166, p < 0.001) and men (rho = -0.154, p < 0.001), and the correlation coefficients did not differ by sex (p = 0.76). Mediterranean diet score and age both reduced the odds of elevated anxiety (GAD-7 ≥ 10), while female sex, deterioration of diet quality during the outbreak, unemployment, and completing the survey in English increased the odds of this outcome. During the COVID-19 lockdowns, overall diet quality did not differ by sex; however, some differences by sex in components of the total score were detected. Moderate to severe anxiety was positively associated with female sex and poorer diet quality even after controlling for age, employment status, and the language in which the survey was performed.
Maternal dietary nutrient intake and risk of preterm delivery.; OBJECTIVE: To examine maternal dietary intake and preterm delivery. STUDY DESIGN: Data included 5738 deliveries from the National Birth Defects Prevention Study. Odds ratios (ORs) reflected risks of delivery at <32, 32-34, or 35-36 versus ≥ 37 weeks for maternal intake in the lowest or highest quartile of nutrient intake compared with the middle two. RESULTS: Among deliveries < 32 weeks, many ORs were ≥ 1.5 or ≤ 0.7, but few confidence intervals excluded one. ORs were ≥ 1.5 for lowest quartiles of protein, thiamin, riboflavin, choline, vitamin A, α-carotene, β-carotene, vitamin E, iron, copper, and zinc and for highest quartiles of carbohydrate, glycemic index, and Mediterranean Diet Score. ORs were ≤ 0.7 for lowest quartiles of glycemic index and betaine and for highest quartiles of protein, alanine, methionine, vitamin B6, betaine, and calcium. Few ORs met these criteria for later preterm deliveries. CONCLUSIONS: Results suggested an association of nutrient intake with earlier preterm deliveries.
Diet quality of Norwegian children at 3 and 7 years: changes, predictors and longitudinal association with weight.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Poor diet quality in early life can have long-term health effects, but the evidence is largely from cross-sectional studies. Our objective was to examine diet quality of Norwegian children by applying a-priori diet quality indices, identify early life determinants and examine prospective associations with overweight. SUBJECTS/METHODS: We included 34,074 preschoolers (3-year-olds) and 18,350 school-aged children (7-years-olds) from the prospective, population-based Norwegian Mother, Father and Child Cohort Study. Diet quality was assessed as (i) adherence to a Mediterranean diet, estimated by the food frequency-based Mediterranean Diet Score (fMDS, score range: 0-6) and (ii) by the diet quality index (DQI, score range: -33% to 100%), reflecting compliance to food-based dietary guidelines. In multivariate analyses we explored perinatal and childhood characteristics as potential determinants of diet quality. We used logistic regression to examine the associations between diet quality at 3 years and BMI status at 8 years, adjusting for relevant confounders and diet quality at 7 years. RESULTS: One in three children had high MD adherence at 3 and 8 years, and DQI (mean 60%) at 3 and 7 years was strongly correlated (r = 0.48, p < 0.001). Short breastfeeding duration, physical activity and sleep duration and long screentime at 18 months were associated with 2-3% lower DQI at 3 years. At both ages, maternal diet quality was the strongest prospective predictor of DQI (beta = 5%, 95% CI = 4.7, 5.2 and beta = 3.1%, 95% CI = 2.8, 3.4), and screentime was the strongest cross-sectional predictor (beta = -5.2%, 95% CI = -5.9, -4.5 and beta = -4.1%, 95% CI = -5.0, -3.2). High DQI score at 3 years, but not MD adherence, was associated with a lower risk for overweight (including obesity) at 8 years, compared to low DQI (lower tertile) (adjusted OR = 0.77, 95% CI = 0.62, 0.96). CONCLUSIONS: Our study provides evidences that high diet quality in early childhood may reduce the risk for overweight in later childhood, independent of the current dietary behaviors.
New insights into life-history traits of Mediterranean Electric rays (Torpediniformes: Torpedinidae) as a contribution to their conservation.; Despite being commonly recognized by the general public, knowledge about the biology and life-history of electric rays is still scarce. Globally, according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature, more of the 80% of the species belonging to the Torpedinidae family are, indeed, classified as Data Deficient, so as, in most of the cases, no proper management measures are available for the conservation of these species. For this reason, the main goal of this study is to provide new information on life-history traits of three species inhabiting the Mediterranean Sea. Age and growth were estimated through direct annuli count of 146 vertebral centra sections of Torpedo marmorata. Females' growth pattern was found to be better described by a S-shaped function (Gompertz L(∞) = 622mm TL; k = 0.15; IP=2.75 years), while males' by a logarithmic one (von Bertalanffy L(∞) = 485mm TL; k = 0.14; t(0) = -2.28). The oldest female and male were aged 17 (560mm TL) and 11 (432mm TL), respectively. Females (L(50)=379mm TL and A(50)=5.5 years) appeared to mature later than males (L(50)=272mm TL and A(50)=3.8 years), also attaining bigger sizes. Despite the observation of late-pregnant females being found only in autumn and regressing ones in autumn and winter, the presence of juveniles during the whole year may indicate a longer reproductive period. The stomach content analysis identified T. marmorata as a top predator (TROPH=4.38) with a very narrow trophic niche (Bi=0.22), extremely specialized in feeding on bony fishes. In addition, this work provides new and updated information on T. torpedo and the rare Tetronarce nobiliana growth, reproductive features and diet. Therefore, offering new essential data to assess the population conditions of all Torpedinidae species that inhabit the Mediterranean Sea, will lead to effective conservation plans.
Early Prevention of Atherosclerosis: Detection and Management of Hypercholesterolaemia in Children and Adolescents.; Coronary heart disease (CHD) is the main cause of death and morbidity in the world. There is a strong evidence that the atherosclerotic process begins in childhood and that hypercholesterolaemia is a CHD major risk factor. Hypercholesterolaemia is a modifiable CHD risk factor and there is a tracking of hypercholesterolaemia from birth to adulthood. Familial hypercholesterolaemia (FH) is the most common primitive cause of hypercholesterolaemia, affecting 1:200-250 individuals. Early detection and treatment of hypercholesterolaemia in childhood can literally "save decades of life", as stated in the European Atherosclerosis Society Consensus. Multiple screening strategies have been proposed. In 2008, the American Academy of Pediatrics published the criteria for targeted screening, while some expert panels recommend universal screening particularly in the young, although cost effectiveness has not been fully analysed. Blood lipid profile evaluation [total cholesterol, Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (LDL-C), High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (HDL-C) and triglycerides] is the first step. It has to be ideally performed between two and ten years of age. Hypercholesterolaemia has to be confirmed with a second sample and followed by the detection of family history for premature (before 55 years in men and 60 years in women) or subsequent cardio-vascular events and/or hypercholesterolaemia in 1st and 2nd degree relatives. The management of hypercholesterolaemia in childhood primarily involves healthy lifestyle and a prudent low-fat diet, emphasising the benefits of the Mediterranean diet. Statins are the cornerstone of the drug therapy approved in USA and in Europe for use in children. Ezetimibe or bile acid sequestrants may be required to attain LDL-C goal in some patients. Early identification of children with severe hypercholesterolaemia or with FH is important to prevent atherosclerosis at the earliest stage of development, when maximum benefit can still be obtained via lifestyle adaptations and therapy. The purpose of our review is to highlight the importance of prevention and treatment of hypercholesterolaemia starting from the earliest stages of life.
Mercury Exposure in Birds Linked to Marine Ecosystems in the Western Mediterranean.; Mercury (Hg), particularly as methylmercury (MeHg), is a nonessential, persistent, and bioaccumulative toxic element with high biomagnification capacity and is considered a threat to marine environments. We evaluated total Hg concentrations in liver, kidney, and brain in 62 individuals of 9 bird species linked to marine ecosystems from western Mediterranean admitted in a Wildlife Rehabilitation Center (WRC) (Alicante, Spain, 2005-2020). Age- and sex-related differences in Hg levels, as well as the cause of admission to the WRC, were also evaluated in certain species. The species studied were: northern gannet (Morus bassanus), European shag (Phalacrocorax aristotelis), great cormorant (Phalacrocorax carbo), osprey (Pandion haliaetus), Balearic shearwater (Puffinus mauretanicus), yellow-legged gull (Larus michahellis), razorbill (Alca torda), common tern (Sterna hirundo), and black-headed gull (Chroicocephalus ridibundus). Concentrations in feathers of 27 individuals, and concentrations in internal tissues in 7 other individuals of 7 different species were also reported but not statistically evaluated due to the limited number of samples. Results suggest that individuals were chronically exposed to Hg through diet. The differences in Hg concentrations among species may be explained by their diet habits. Mercury concentrations strongly correlated between tissues (r = 0.78-0.94, p < 0.001, n = 61-62). Some individuals of certain species (i.e., European shag, northern gannet, and great cormorant) showed Hg concentrations close to or above those described in the literature as causing reproductive alterations in other avian species. Consequently, certain individuals inhabiting western Mediterranean could be at risk of suffering long-term, Hg-related effects. Some of the species evaluated are listed within different categories of threat according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) and are endangered at a national level, so this study will provide valuable information for assessors and authorities in charge of the management of the environment and pollution.
Liver Fat Content and Body Fat Distribution in Youths with Excess Adiposity.; This study had two main objectives: To examine the association between body fat distribution and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and liver fat content, and to determine whether the relationship between NAFLD and regional body fat distribution, with respect to liver fat content in youths with excess adiposity, is independent of cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) and a healthy diet. Liver fat content (controlled attenuation parameter (CAP)), body fat distribution (body mass index (BMI) z-score, waist circumference, waist-to-height ratio, fat mass/height, body fat percentage, total fat mass, android-to-gynoid fat mass ratio, visceral adipose tissue (VAT), and lean mass index, determined by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA)), CRF (20-m shuttle-run test), and healthy diet (adherence to the Mediterranean diet by KIDMED questionnaire) were measured in 126 adolescents (66% girls) aged between 11 and 17 years. Participants were assigned to two groups according to the presence or absence of hepatic steatosis (CAP values ≥225 dB/m or <225 dB/m of liver fat, respectively). Considering the similar total fat values for the two groups (>30% by DXA), youths with NAFLD had higher fat distribution parameters than those without NAFLD, regardless of sex, age, puberty stage, lean mass index, CRF, and healthy diet (p < 0.01). In the non-NAFLD group, the association between hepatic fat and fat distribution parameters presented a similar pattern, although the association was statistically insignificant after adjusting for a potential confounding variable (ps > 0.05), except for the case of VAT. Body fat distribution parameters were higher in youths with NAFLD compared to those without NAFLD. Additionally, body fat distribution showed a significant association with liver fat content as assessed by CAP in youths with NAFLD independent of CRF and adherence to the Mediterranean diet, supporting the notion that upper body fat distribution might play a pivotal role in the development of NAFLD in adolescents. These results may have implications for the clinical management of youths with excess adiposity given the high prevalence of NAFLD in children and young adults.
Is Tetranychus urticae suitable prey for development and reproduction of naïve Coleomegilla maculata?; The lady beetle Coleomegilla maculata De Geer is an omnivorous predator that could help suppress aphid and spider mite populations on plants in greenhouses, plantscapes or interiorscapes. We are assessing the nutritional requirements and feeding behavior of C. maculata on target prey (spider mites) and factitious (unnatural) food. Our ultimate goal is to develop an efficacious diet to mass produce C. maculata. In this study, we tested the hypothesis that Tetranychus urticae Koch (two-spotted spider mite) is not suitable prey for development and reproduction of naïve C. maculata (i.e., with no prior exposure to T. urticae). Our objectives were to (i) provide baseline data on the effects of consuming T. urticae on C. maculata life history, (ii) to compare the effects of consuming all stages of T. urticae versus eggs of Musca domestica L. (common housefly), and (iii) to determine if the consumption of plant products was beneficial. We used C. maculata from a colony reared only on Ephestia kuehniella Zeller (Mediterranean flour moth) eggs. In experiments, C. maculata larvae were reared from the first instar to adult stage with prey/food in replicated arenas; adult females were paired with a single male with prey/food. The results showed that naïve C. maculata readily attacked and consumed T. urticae. Nevertheless, T. urticae was less suitable than M. domestica eggs for C. maculata development and reproduction. Applying a synthetic pollen-Chlorella alga powder (SPCA) in arenas containing T. urticae appeared to boost C. maculata female development and reproduction.
Provisioning the Ritual Neolithic Site of Kfar HaHoresh, Israel at the Dawn of Animal Management.; It is widely agreed that a pivotal shift from wild animal hunting to herd animal management, at least of goats, began in the southern Levant by the Middle Pre-Pottery Neolithic B period (10,000-9,500 cal. BP) when evidence of ritual activities flourished in the region. As our knowledge of this critical change grows, sites that represent different functions and multiple time periods are needed to refine the timing, pace and character of changing human-animal relationships within the geographically variable southern Levant. In particular, we investigate how a ritual site was provisioned with animals at the time when herd management first began in the region. We utilize fauna from the 2010-2012 excavations at the mortuary site of Kfar HaHoresh-the longest continuous Pre-Pottery Neolithic B faunal sequence in the south Levantine Mediterranean Hills (Early-Late periods, 10,600-8,700 cal. BP). We investigate the trade-off between wild and domestic progenitor taxa and classic demographic indicators of management to detect changes in hunted animal selection and control over herd animal movement and reproduction. We find that ungulate selection at Kfar HaHoresh differs from neighboring sites, although changes in dietary breadth, herd demographics and body-size data fit the regional pattern of emerging management. Notably, wild ungulates including aurochs and gazelle are preferentially selected to provision Kfar HaHoresh in the PPNB, despite evidence that goat management was underway in the Mediterranean Hills. The preference for wild animals at this important site likely reflects their symbolic significance in ritual and mortuary practice.
Optimization of Brewer's Yeast Quantity in Liquid and Gel Larval Diets for the Mediterranean Fruit Fly.; Several artificial larval diets have been developed, evaluated and used for mass-rearing of the Mediterranean fruit fly (medfly), Ceratitis capitata (Wiedemann) (Diptera: Teprhitidae). There are several efforts to reduce the cost of rearing and optimize the quality of the produced sterile males that are destined for release in sterile insect release programs. Survival, growth, longevity and reproductive capacity of sterile males are strongly connected with the most expensive ingredient, the brewer's yeast (protein), in the larval diet. The current study focused on settling the optimal content of brewer's yeast in a liquid diet and a gel diet. Egg hatch rates, developmental duration of immatures, pupation rate, pupae and adult survival were recorded as indicators of quantity and quality of the produced adults. Egg hatch was higher and larval developmental duration longer in the gel diet. In contrast to the liquid diet, an increase in brewer's yeast concentration was correlated with increased pupation rate and pupae survival in the gel diet. Reducing brewer's yeast up to 50% of its initial quantity had no significant effect on the survival of the emerging adults regardless of the diet type. Our findings may contribute to the production of low-cost and effective diets for use in mass-rearing facilities of medflies.
Nutraceuticals: A New Challenge against Cadmium-Induced Testicular Injury.; Cadmium (Cd) is a widespread heavy metal and a ubiquitous environmental toxicant. For the general population, the principal causes of Cd exposure are cigarette smoking, air pollution and contaminated water and food consumption, whereas occupational exposure usually involves humans working in mines or manufacturing batteries and pigments that utilize Cd. The aim of the present review is to evaluate recent data regarding the mechanisms of Cd-induced testicular structural and functional damages and the state of the art of the therapeutic approaches. Additionally, as the current literature demonstrates convincing associations between diet, food components and men's sexual health, a coherent nutraceutical supplementation may be a new valid therapeutic strategy for both the prevention and alleviation of Cd-induced testicular injury. The toxic effects on testes induced by Cd include many specific mechanisms, such as oxidative stress, inflammation and apoptosis. As no specific therapy for the prevention or treatment of the morbidity and mortality associated with Cd exposure is available, the development of new therapeutic agents is requested. Dietary strategies and the use of nutraceuticals, particularly abundant in fresh fruits, beans, vegetables and grains, typical of the Mediterranean diet, are recommended against Cd-induced testicular injury.
Daily Activity Profiles over the Lifespan of Female Medflies as Biomarkers of Aging and Longevity.; The relationship between the early age activity of Mediterranean fruit flies or other fruit flies and their lifespan has not been much studied, in contrast to the connections between lifespan and diet, sexual signaling and reproduction. The objective of this study is to assess intraday and day-to-day activity profiles of female Mediterranean fruit flies and their role as biomarker of longevity as well as to explore the relationships between these activity profiles, diet and age-at-death throughout the lifespan. Three distinct patterns of activity variations in early age activity profiles can be distinguished. A low-caloric diet is associated with a delayed activity peak, while a high-caloric diet is linked with an earlier activity peak. We find that age-at-death of individual medflies is connected to their activity profiles in early life. An increased risk of mortality is associated with increased activity in early age, as well as with a higher contrast between daytime and nighttime activity. Conversely, medflies are more likely to have a longer lifespan when they are fed a medium caloric diet and when their daily activity is more evenly distributed across the early age span and between daytime and nighttime. The before-death activity profile of medflies displays two characteristic before-death patterns, where one pattern is characterized by slowly declining daily activity and the other by a sudden decline in activity that is followed by death.
Biofortification (Se): Does it increase the content of phenolic compounds in virgin olive oil (VOO)?; Extra-Virgin Olive Oil (EVOO) is a fundamental component of the Mediterranean diet and it may contain several anti-oxidant substances, such as phenols. Previous research has shown that this food may be enriched in phenols by spraying a sodium-selenate solution (100 mg L-1 Se) onto the crop canopy before flowering. The aim of this research was to evaluate the effect of this Se-fertilization before flowering (cv. Leccino) on the phenolic profile of EVOOs, and test to what extent such effects depend on the weather pattern, as observed in two contrasting experimental seasons (2013 and 2014). Results showed that Se-fertilisation enriched EVOOs both in selenium (up to 120 μg kg-1) and in phenols (up to 401 mg kg-1). This latter enrichment was related to an increase in PAL (L-Phenylalanine Ammonia-Lyase) activities and it was largely independent on the climatic pattern. Considering the phenolic profile, oleacein, ligustroside, aglycone and oleocanthal were the most affected compounds and were increased by 57, 50 and 32%, respectively. All these compounds, especially oleacein, have been shown to exert a relevant anti-oxidant activity, contributing both to the shelf-life of EVOOs and to positive effects on human health. It is suggested that Se-fertilisation of olive trees before flowering may be an interesting practice, particularly with poor cultivars and cold and rainy weather patterns, which would normally lead to the production of EVOOs with unfavourable phenolic profile.
Effect of Ephestia kuehniella (Lepidoptera: Pyralidae) Larval Diet on Egg Quality and Parasitism by Trichogramma brassicae (Hymenoptera: Trichogrammatidae).; Trichogramma spp., among the most common parasitoids used for augmentation biological control, often are mass-reared on eggs of the Mediterranean flour moth, Ephestia kuehniella (Zeller). To evaluate removal of nutritional components from the E. kuehniella larval diet and reduce production costs, colonies were maintained using one of three diets: a standard diet consisting of eight ingredients, a reduced diet containing whole wheat flour, glycerol, and Brewer's yeast, or a third minimal diet of only whole wheat flour. The standard diet sustained the fastest larval development, female pupae with the greatest mass, the highest level of adult emergence, and production of the most eggs per female. Eggs from moths reared as larvae on the standard or reduced diet had equivalent mass, length, and percent hatch. Females from larvae fed the minimal diet produced eggs with the least mass that were shorter and had the lowest percent hatch. Eggs from the three E. kuehniella colonies were exposed separately to Trichogramma brassicae Bezdenko females to determine their acceptance for oviposition. More of the eggs from the standard diet were parasitized by the females, eggs from the reduced and minimal diets being less acceptable. The percent emergence of the parasitoids was the same regardless of diet; however, the largest wasps emerged from the standard diet eggs and a greater proportion of them were females. Consequently, the standard E. kuehniella larval diet resulted in the highest rate of reproduction and robust eggs that produced superior T. brassicae wasps.
Daily activity profiles over the lifespan of female medflies as biomarkers of aging and longevity.; The relationship between the early-age activity of Mediterranean fruit flies (medflies) or other fruit flies and their lifespan has not been much studied, in contrast to the connections between lifespan and diet, sexual signaling, and reproduction. The objective of this study is to assess intra-day and day-to-day activity profiles of female Mediterranean fruit flies and their role as biomarker of longevity as well as to explore the relationships between these activity profiles, diet, and age-at-death throughout the lifespan. We use advanced statistical methods from functional data analysis (FDA). Three distinct patterns of activity variations in early-age activity profiles can be distinguished. A low-caloric diet is associated with a delayed activity peak, while a high-caloric diet is linked with an earlier activity peak. We find that age-at-death of individual medflies is connected to their activity profiles in early life. An increased risk of mortality is associated with increased activity in early age, as well as with a higher contrast between daytime and nighttime activity. Conversely, medflies are more likely to have a longer lifespan when they are fed a medium-caloric diet and when their daily activity is more evenly distributed across the early-age span and between daytime and nighttime. The before-death activity profile of medflies displays two characteristic before-death patterns, where one pattern is characterized by slowly declining daily activity and the other by a sudden decline in activity that is followed by death.
Assessment of the Nutritional and Medicinal Potential of Tubers from Hairy Stork's-Bill (Erodium crassifolium L 'Hér), a Wild Plant Species Inhabiting Arid Southeast Mediterranean Regions.; Emerging needs for diversifying human diet and to explore novel therapeutic procedures have led to increasing attempts to retrieve traditional nourishments and recruit beneficial wild plant species. Species of the genus Erodium (Geraniaceae) harbor medicinal indications and substances known from folklore and scientific research. Hairy stork's bill (Erodium crassifolium L'Hér), is a small hemicryptophyte that inhabits arid southeast Mediterranean regions. E. crassifolium is among the very few Geraniaceae species known to produce tubers. Traditional knowledge holds that the tubers are edible and used by Bedouin tribes. However, no scientific information was found regarding nutrition or medicinal properties of these tubers. The objectives of our project are to unravel potential nutritional and medicinal benefits of the tubers, conduct initial steps towards domestication and develop agricultural practices enhancing E. crassifolium tuber yield and quality. Tubers show high water content (90%), low caloric value (23 Kcal 100(-1) g) and considerable contents of minerals and vitamins. In addition, the tubers contain significant amounts of catechins and epigallocatechin, polyphenolic compounds known for their antioxidative, anti-inflammatory and antiproliferative activities. Furthermore, in vitro experiments demonstrated significant anti-inflammatory effects on human cell cultures. E. crassifolium is highly responsive to environmental changes; fertigation (700 mm) increased tuber yield by 10-fold, compared to simulated wild conditions (50-200 mm). These results indicate a significant potential of E. crassifolium becoming a valuable crop species. Therefore, there is a need for continued efforts in domestication, including ecotype selection, breeding, development of suitable agricultural practices and further exploration of its medicinal benefits.
Sex differences in movement between natural feeding and mating sites and tradeoffs between food consumption, mating success and predator evasion in Mediterranean fruit flies (Diptera: Tephritidae).; Systematic quantitative observations of the location and diel pattern of adult Mediterranean fruit fly, Ceratitis capitata (Wiedemann), activities were carried out in an orange grove and surroundings on the island of Chios in Greece. Natural fly foods were assessed for their contribution to fly longevity, fecundity and fertility. There were diel shifts in male and female location. Females required a substantial and varied diet to realize peak fecundity. This diet was acquired away from the primary host, orange. Foraging for food throughout most of the day on fig and non-host foliage (including feeding on bird droppings) as well as on fig fruit and grapes, females dispersed and fed more than males. A diet of grapes alone did not support any fecundity, contributing only to longevity. A diet of figs alone, on the other hand, sustained both longevity and egg production. Bird feces alone supported neither egg production nor longevity. However, when added to a diet of figs, bird feces significantly increased fly fecundity. Throughout most of the day, males aggregated in leks within the inner canopy of the primary host, orange. The arrival here during the warmest hours of the day of receptive females, followed by pair formation, reinforced the lek mating system on host foliage. In the afternoon, females shifted to orange fruit where they suffered from high predation mortality while ovipositing. Soon after, males also shifted to orange fruit, where they attempted matings with non-receptive ovipositing females. Male feeding on fig fruit occurred late in the day, a time when they were least likely to find a mate. Male survival did not differ between the natural diets. Tradeoffs between food consumption, mating success and predator evasion are discussed for each sex and related to fruit fly mating systems.
Expression of vitellogenin receptor gene in the ovary of wild and captive Atlantic bluefin tuna (Thunnus thynnus).; The cDNA sequences of vitellogenin receptor proteins (VgR(+) and VgR(-)), containing or lacking the O-linked sugar domain, were determined in Atlantic bluefin tuna (Thunnus thynnus L.). VgR(-) gene expression in the ovary was compared in captive-reared and wild Atlantic bluefin tuna during the reproductive cycle. Gonad samples from adult fish were sampled from 2008 to 2010 from stocks reared in captivity at different commercial fattening operations in the Mediterranean Sea and from wild individuals caught either by traditional tuna traps during their migration towards the spawning grounds in the Mediterranean Sea or by the long-line artisanal fishery. In addition, juvenile male and female Atlantic bluefin tuna were sampled from a farming facility, to obtain baseline information and pre-adulthood amounts of VgR(-). The total length of VgR(+) cDNA was 4006 nucleotides (nt) and that of VgR(-) was 3946 nt. Relative amounts of VgR(-) were greater in juvenile females and in those adults having only previtellogenic oocytes (119 ± 55 and 146 ± 26 folds more than juvenile males, respectively). Amounts of VgR(-) were less in individuals with yolked oocytes (ripening stage, May-June) and increased after spawning in July (92 ± 20 and 113 ± 13 folds more than juvenile males in ripening and post-spawning fish, respectively). These data suggest that regulation of VgR(-) is not under oestrogen control. During the ripening period, greater VgR(-) gene expression was observed in wild fish than in fish reared in captivity, possibly because of (a) differences in water temperature exposure and/or energy storage, and/or (b) an inadequate diet in reared Atlantic bluefin tuna.
The importance of a main dish: nestling diet and foraging behaviour in Mediterranean blue tits in relation to prey phenology.; Insectivorous birds rely on a short period of food abundance to feed their young; they must time their reproduction to match the timing of Lepidoptera larvae, their main prey. Apart from the net result (i.e. birds are timed or mistimed with respect to the food's peak), an important aspect is the possible influence of other factors, such as the seasonality of the environment or the abundance and diversity of species contributing to the caterpillar peak, on birds' phenology and their ability to cope well with unpredictable food supplies. In a 2-year study, we explored the seasonal variation of nestling diet in Mediterranean blue tits Cyanistes caeruleus and how reproductive parameters (nestling condition, provisioning rates) are affected by the phenology and composition of food. We also examined the influence of the synchrony between offspring needs and caterpillar peak in shaping the composition of the nestlings' diet. We found that the effect of synchrony on nestling condition varied between years which may be partially due to differences in food peak attributes. The adequacy of birds' timing in relation to prey phenology affected foraging decisions; those birds that were not able to correctly adjust their timing were forced to rely on less preferred prey (tortricids). In this sense, we found that relative contribution of tortricids (smaller caterpillars but easier to get) and noctuids (preferred prey but more difficult to find) to the diet influenced nestling condition and parental provisioning effort; parents performed fewer feeding events and reared heavier nestlings as the contribution of noctuids to the diet increased. The relationship between the proportion of caterpillars and nestling mass was curvilinear, whereas that parameter was negatively affected by the percentage of pupae. Our results show how changes in diet composition may contribute to explain the effect of mismatching on birds' breeding performance.
Trace Elements and Persistent Organic Pollutants in Unhatched Loggerhead Turtle Eggs from an Emerging Nesting Site along the Southwestern Coasts of Italy, Western Mediterranean Sea.; Marine pollution is one of the major threats affecting loggerhead turtles, which due to their long life span, highly migratory behavior, and carnivorous diet, may be exposed to elevated levels of toxic elements throughout their life. The transfer of chemicals from mothers to their offspring is of particular conservation concern because it may affect embryonic development and hatching success. In this study, the concentrations of 16 toxic and potentially toxic trace elements, 6 indicator polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and organochlorine pesticide residues (OCPs) were determined in 138 eggs from 46 loggerhead turtle nests laid during the 2021 nesting season in Campania, Italy, western Mediterranean Sea. The possible impact of pollutant levels on hatching success and early embryonic death was also investigated. Trace element analysis was performed using an ICP-MS, except for mercury, which was determined using a Direct Mercury Analyzer® (DMA). PCBs and OCPs were analyzed with high-resolution gas chromatography coupled with high-resolution mass spectrometry (HRGC-HRMS) and gas chromatography tandem quadrupole mass spectrometry GC-MS /MS, respectively. The concentrations of essential elements in the eggs were higher than those of non-essential elements. In addition, the highly chlorinated PCBs (153, 138, and 180) contributed the most to the total PCBs, while OCPs were not detected. No correlations were found between contaminant concentrations and reproductive parameters (hatching success and no obvious embryos). The results obtained suggest that the levels of contaminants found in the eggs do not affect the reproductive success of the species in the study area.
Pre-pregnancy Diet to Maternal and Child Health Outcome: A Scoping Review of Current Evidence.; OBJECTIVES: Pre-pregnancy diet has an important role in preparing for healthy generation. However, evidence on this issue has been scarce. A scoping review synthesising current evidence will support the demand to map 'what has been researched' on pre-pregnancy diet and maternal and child health. METHODS: Systematic search was performed using PICOS (Population, Intervention, Comparison, Outcomes, and Study design) framework in electronic databases. Articles were screened for eligibility, summarized, and the quality was assessed using the National Institute of Health assessment tool. The review structure complies with Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses Extension for Scoping Reviews guide. RESULTS: Forty-two articles were included after full-text screening. Twenty-five studies were in high-income countries (HICs), six in each upper-middle income, five in lower-middle income countries (LMICs), and one in low-income countries (LIC). Based on the regions: North America (n=16), Europe (n=5), South America (n=4), Australia (n=4), Asia (n=5), Middle East (n=2), and sub-Saharan Africa (n=1). The two-most observed diet-related exposures were dietary pattern (n=17) and dietary quality (n=12). The most assessed outcome was gestational diabetes mellitus (n=28) and fetal and newborn anthropometry (n=7). The average quality score±standard deviation was 70±18%. CONCLUSIONS: Research related to pre-pregnancy diet is still concentrated in HICs. The context of diet may vary; therefore, future research is encouraged in LMICs and LICs context, and Mediterranean, South-East Asia, Pacific, and African regions. Some maternal and child nutrition-related morbidity, such as anemia and micronutrient deficiencies, have not been discussed. Research on these aspects will benefit to fill in the gaps related to pre-pregnancy diet and maternal and child health.
Trophic ecology of Lampanyctus crocodilus on north-west Mediterranean Sea slopes in relation to reproductive cycle and environmental variables.; This study examined the population structure, reproductive cycle and feeding pattern of the lanternfish Lampanyctus crocodilus in the Balearic Basin (north-west Mediterranean Sea) from a depth of 450 to 1800 m and at a seasonal scale. Juveniles were mainly located at shallower depths, but also at deepest stations in autumn, while adults mostly inhabited intermediate depths with their centre of population density (CPD) located at 800-1000 m of depth. The migration of adults to deeper depths was detected in late summer to autumn, probably linked to the occurrence of nepheloid layers at c. 1200 m, which in turn enhances the biomass of the zooplankton prey. The diet was mainly based on euphausiids and mysids, with marked seasonal variations both on the upper (450-800 m) and lower (1000-1800 m), where suprabenthic gammariids and pelagic decapods were also dominant. Stomach fullness increased from winter to autumn on the US, while it had a maximum in spring on the LS, in parallel with high consumption of gelatinous zooplankton, which is probably more available after the phytoplankton bloom in late winter. Reproduction occurred in winter, confirmed by the higher percentage of mature females and high gonadosomatic indices (I(G)) at both depth ranges. Hepatosomatic indices (I(H)) showed an inverse trend to I(G) on the US, except in autumn, and was almost parallel on the LS, probably attributable to the migration of adults, which determined different temporal schemes in energy use and storage for reproduction on the US v. LS. Consistent with the different patterns observed at the two depth ranges, environmental drivers of fullness (i.e. feeding intensity) and I(G) (as a proxy of reproductive cycle) differed on the US and LS. The biomass of mysids and euphausiids was the greatest explanatory variables of fullness on the US and LS, pointing to the increasing feeding intensity when a resource was more available. I(H) also explained fullness, suggesting that greater feeding intensity in pre-reproductive periods enabled energy storage in the liver. I(G) was linked directly (i.e. mysids) or indirectly (i.e. surface primary production recorded 2 months before sampling) to food availability, implying a rapid response to vertical food inputs by deep-sea predators. Also, I(G) in L. crocodilus was related to population density, which suggests aggregations for reproduction. Estimates of L. crocodilus trophic levels, and of other accompanying mesopelagic fishes, indicated that the species feed through a continuum spanning the third trophic level, confirming the key role of mesopelagic fishes in transferring organic carbon between trophic levels. Trophic niche segregation among mesopelagic species was pronounced and non-overlapping groups could be distinguished because of the different vertical distribution and migratory behaviour. The study highlights the important role of the benthic boundary layer in sustaining benthopelagic communities in the deep Mediterranean Sea and the need to study the biology of a species throughout its whole depth range and not just at exploited depths (i.e. fishing grounds).
Bronze Age innovations and impact on human diet: A multi-isotopic and multi-proxy study of western Switzerland.; The archaeological Bronze Age record in Europe reveals unprecedented changes in subsistence strategies due to innovative farming techniques and new crop cultivation. Increasing cultural exchanges affected the economic system. The inhabitants of Switzerland played a pivotal role in this European context through relationships with the Mediterranean, the High and Middle Danube regions and the Alps thanks to the area's central position. This research aims to reconstruct, for the first time in Switzerland, human socio-economic systems through the study of human diet, herding and farming practices and their changes throughout the Bronze Age (2200-800 BCE) by means of biochemical markers. The study includes 41 human, 22 terrestrial and aquatic animal specimens and 30 charred seeds and chaff samples from sites in western Switzerland. Stable isotope analyses were performed on cereal and legume seeds (δ13C, δ15N), animal bone collagen (δ13Ccoll, δ15N, δ34S), human bone and tooth dentine collagen (δ13Ccoll, δ15N,) and human tooth enamel (δ13Cenamel). The isotopic data suggest a) an intensification of soil fertilization and no hydric stress throughout the Bronze Age, b) a human diet mainly composed of terrestrial resources despite the proximity of Lake Geneva and the Rhone river, c) a diet based on C3 plants during the Early and Middle Bronze Age as opposed to the significant consumption of 13C-enriched resources (probably millet) by individuals from the Final Bronze Age, d) no important changes in dietary patterns throughout an individual's lifespan but a more varied diet in childhood compared to adulthood, e) no differences in diet according to biological criteria (age, sex) or funerary behavior (burial architecture, grave goods).
Urinary Tartaric Acid, a Biomarker of Wine Intake, Correlates with Lower Total and LDL Cholesterol.; Postmenopausal women are at higher risk of developing cardiovascular diseases due to changes in lipid profile and body fat, among others. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association of urinary tartaric acid, a biomarker of wine consumption, with anthropometric (weight, waist circumference, body mass index (BMI), and waist-to-height ratio), blood pressure, and biochemical variables (blood glucose and lipid profile) that may be affected during the menopausal transition. This sub-study of the PREDIMED (Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea) trial included a sample of 230 women aged 60-80 years with high cardiovascular risk at baseline. Urine samples were diluted and filtered, and tartaric acid was analyzed by liquid chromatography coupled to electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry (LC-ESI-MS/MS). Correlations between tartaric acid and the study variables were adjusted for age, education level, smoking status, physical activity, BMI, cholesterol-lowering, antihypertensive, and insulin treatment, total energy intake, and consumption of fruits, vegetables, and raisins. A strong association was observed between wine consumption and urinary tartaric acid (0.01 μg/mg (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.01, 0.01), p-value < 0.001). Total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol were inversely correlated with urinary tartaric acid (-3.13 μg/mg (-5.54, -0.71), p-value = 0.016 and -3.03 μg/mg (-5.62, -0.42), p-value = 0.027, respectively), whereas other biochemical and anthropometric variables were unrelated. The results suggest that wine consumption may have a positive effect on cardiovascular health in postmenopausal women, underpinning its nutraceutical properties.
Could molecular effects of Caulerpa racemosa metabolites modulate the impact on fish populations of Diplodus sargus?; The green alga Caulerpa racemosa is a non-native, invasive species in the Mediterranean, and an important stressor for several native organisms. The algal capacity to produce secondary metabolites has been suggested to modulate success of the C. racemosa invasion, although many of potentially involved biological pathways still remain unexplored. In this respect, the aim of the present study was to investigate some molecular and cellular effects in the white seabream Diplodus sargus, an ecologically key species, which included the alien C. racemosa in its diet. Organisms were sampled in 2 seasonal periods from 3 locations of Southern Italy, each characterized by different levels of algal abundance. The level of caulerpin, one of the main secondary algal metabolites, in fish tissues has been used as an indicator of the trophic exposure to the seaweed and related with molecular and cellular responses. Chemical analyses indicated that fish from invaded sites can accumulate caulerpin, with liver concentrations ranging from a few up to hundreds of μg/g. Biomarkers analyses revealed only limited alterations of the main antioxidant defences, such as glutathione reductase and levels of glutathione; on the other hand, increased enzymatic activities of cytochrome P450, glutathione S-transferases and acyl CoA oxidase, as well as enhanced gene transcription for peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha, cytochrome P4501A and vitellogenin 1 were observed in fish more exposed to C. racemosa as indicated by liver concentrations of caulerpin higher than 50 μg/g. Despite a direct molecular relationship with this algal metabolite could not be established, our results suggest that a C. racemosa enriched diet can modulate biotransformation and fatty acids metabolism of D. sargus. Assessing whether similar effects represent short- or long-term effects will be of crucial importance to understand consequences on the general health status and reproductive performance of exposed key fish species in the Mediterranean region.
Nutrients and non-essential elements in edible crops following long-term mineral and compost fertilization of a Mediterranean agricultural soil.; The effects of long-term soil fertilizations on nutrient and non-essential element concentrations in edible parts of three crops important in human diet were investigated repeating four treatments (biowaste compost, biowaste compost plus mineral nitrogen, mineral NPK, unfertilized control) for seven consecutive years (2007-2014). Fruits of Solanum lycopersicum cv San Marzano collected in 2011 and 2012, bulbs of Allium cepa cv Bianca di Pompei collected in 2012 and 2013, and bulbs of Foeniculum vulgare cv Orbit collected in 2014 were analyzed. Wide variations in element concentrations were observed along time and among species, with Ca, K, Mg, and Na higher in fennel bulbs and Cd, Cr, Mn, Ni, Pb, and Zn higher in tomato fruits, where Cd reached concentrations up to ninefold higher than the permitted values (EU Regulation n. 488/2014). Despite the enrichments in soil total Cu and available Cd, Fe, K, Mn, and Zn concentrations due to long-term fertilization with biowaste compost (alone or with mineral fertilizers), plants showed lower micronutrient and non-essential element concentrations in respect to those on unfertilized soils. Considering the potential toxicity for human beings of these mobile and persistent elements, the obtained findings reassure on the safe use of biowaste compost in agriculture. Overall, this study suggests the use of compost as the most advisable fertilization practice and highlights the need of multiple crops analysis in evaluating the effects of long-term soil fertilization on their chemical composition.
Did Columbus also open the exploration of the modern diet?; On the 500th anniversary of Columbus's voyage of discovery, one aspect that merits particular attention is its influence on food and nutrition worldwide. Columbus found an unexpected wealth in food resources rather than the gold he sought. The sailors came from a continent where famine was well known and had subsisted for two months on a typical seamen's diet of preserved foods, primarily hardtack and salt pork. They made landfall in green and fertile islands. The foods that constituted the core of the diet of the Americas before 1492--from maize to potatoes, beans to tomatoes, to numerous other fruits and vegetables--became the true patrimony that the inhabitants of the New World bequeathed to humanity. These foods, new to the Old World, provided the basis for the exchange and evolution of networks of food production and consumption which, with many trials and errors and with no preestablished plan, characterize modern nutrition. The diet of Mediterranean countries, now universally recommended for nutritional health, is high in several foods, tomatoes and beans in particular, that originated in the New World.
Measurement of selected trace elements in Olea europaea L. cv. 'Sigoise'.; BACKGROUND: Olive-trees (Olea europaea L.) are the dominant rustic trees cultivated in the Mediterranean agricultural zones. Major and micronutrients play an indispensable role in their plant physiological functions although; the effect of trace elements on metabolic processes has not been sufficiently investigated, especially in olive-trees. METHODS: In the current study, we have used X-ray fluorescence (XRF) spectrometry to determine selected major and trace elements (Br, Cu, Fe, K, Mn, P, Rb and Zn) in the main olive cultivar cultivated in Algeria, cv.'Sigoise'. Certified reference materials viz. IAEA-336 (Lichen) and NIST-1646a (Estuarine sediment) were evaluated simultaneously with the soil and plant samples for quality control of the analytical method. RESULTS: The results show that Fe and Mn concentrations were superior in leaves than fruits. However large amounts of K, Cu and Rb were accumulated in the olive-fruits. The contents of all chemical elements were above the threshold limits for possible plant nutrient deficiencies, except for P whose concentration was in borderline requirement of olive trees. High values of a translocation factor index were found for K, Cu and Rb (TFs > 4). Principal component analysis (PCA) indicated that K was highly related with olives-fruits, suggesting that the fruit was the principal organ of K storage. Furthermore, dietary element intake through consuming olives was also estimated and compared to recommended daily intakes (RDIs) and daily permissible limits (DPLs). The estimations of chemical element intakes were below the DPLs set by WHO/FAO guidelines for human nutrition. CONCLUSION: The present work indicates that the concentrations of macro- and microelements (Cu, Fe, K, Mn and Zn) were above the threshold limits for possible plant deficiencies except for P, and this cultivar can easily accumulate high amount of K in their organs (predominance in olives). These findings will be used to achieve efficient fertilization for O. europaea orchards.
The effect of healthy dietary patterns on male semen quality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; The incidence of infertility has recently risen. Semen quality is an important male fertility indicator, and dietary factors can affect semen quality. We conducted this systematic review and meta-analysis to determine the effects of healthy dietary patterns on semen quality. A literature search was conducted in 3 databases (Embase, Web of Science and PubMed) on August 21, 2021. The included cross-sectional studies examined the influence of the Mediterranean, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), and prudent diet patterns on semen quality parameters; six studies (1244 subjects) were included. By comparing high consumption with low consumption of healthy dietary patterns, the results of the meta-analysis showed significantly higher sperm concentrations (mean difference [MD] = 6.88 × 10(6) ml(-1), 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.26 × 10(6) ml(-1)-12.49 × 10(6) ml(-1); P < 0.05), a significant increase in total sperm count (MD = 16.70 × 10(6), 95% CI: 2.37 × 10(6)-31.03 × 10(6); P < 0.05), and a significant increase in progressive sperm motility (MD = 5.85%, 95% CI: 2.59%-9.12%; P < 0.01). The sperm concentration, progressive sperm motility, and total sperm count were significantly higher in men with higher versus lower consumption of healthy dietary patterns. However, the results must be interpreted with caution.
Probiotic consortium modulating the gut microbiota composition and function of sterile Mediterranean fruit flies.; The sterile insect technique (SIT) remains a successful approach in managing pest insects. However, the long-term mass rearing and sterilizing radiation associated with SIT have been observed to induce physiological and ecological fitness decline in target insects. This decline may be attributed to various factors, including commensal microbiota dysbiosis, selection procedures, loss of heterozygosity, and other complex interactions.. There is evidence that the bacterial symbiont of insects may play critical roles in digestion, development, reproduction, and behavior. Probiotics are an increasingly common approach for restoring the intestinal microbiota structure and fitness parameters of sterile insects, particularly in the Vienna 8 genetic sexing strain (V8-GSS) of the Mediterranean fruit fly (medfly), Ceratitis capitata. Here, we explore the influence of the previously isolated bacterial strain, Lactococcus lactis, Enterobacter sp., and Klebsiella oxytoca, administration as probiotic consortia (LEK-PC) to the larvae and/or adult diet over the course of 20 rearing generations on fitness parameters. The experiment was carried out in four colonies: a control colony (C), one to which probiotics were not added, one to which probiotics were added to the larval medium (L+), one to which probiotics were added to the adult medium (A+), and one to which probiotics were added to both the larval and adult mediums (AL+). Emergence, flight ability, survival under stress conditions, and mating competitiveness, were all significantly improved by the LEK-PC treatment independently of the administration stage. The intestinal microbiota structure of various medfly V8-GSS colonies also underwent a significant shift, despite the fact that the core microbial community was unaffected by the LEK-PC administration stage, according to 16S metagenomics sequencing. Comparison of the metabolic function prediction and associated carbohydrate enzymes among colonies treated with "LEK-PC" showed an enrichment of metabolic functions related to carbohydrates, amino acids, cofactors, and vitamins metabolism, as well as, glycoside hydrolase enzymes in the AL+ colony compared to the control. This study enriches the knowledge regarding the benefits of probiotic treatment to modulate and restore the intestinal microbiota of C. capitata sterile males for a better effectiveness of the SIT.
Women's health custom made: building on the 40 days postpartum for Arab women.; The 40-day postpartum period is characterised in the Middle East and elsewhere by an observance of seclusion, congratulatory visiting, the reciprocal exchange of gifts and money, and a special diet. Based on primary data from in-depth interviews among the Negev Bedouin in Israel, health enhancing practices are reviewed. The data are a subset from a larger study carried out in this setting. Often postnatal checkups, family planning counselling, and immunization services may not be routinely available or used. It is argued that these health services could be provided at the end of the 40-day period for mother and child, as in a pilot study in Tunisia some years ago. Health service provision would thus build on the health enhancing practices of the 40-day period.
[Cancer mortality in immigrants from the Near East in Australia].; A differential mortality study shows that in Australia, between 1969 and 1983, Near Eastern migrants had a lower cancer mortality than the local-born, and that their cancer profile resembled that of the other mediterranean migrants in Australia. Compared to local-born, Near Eastern migrants were characterized by: (1) a lower mortality from oesophagus and colon cancers, and from melanoma, in both sexes, from prostate cancer in men borne in males, from ovary and bladder cancers in females; (2) a higher mortality from liver and thyroïd cancers in males, and from stomach and gallbladder cancers in females. The analysis by country of birth indicates a higher mortality from lung and bladder cancers in men born in Turkey, a lower mortality from lung cancer in men born in Syria or Lebanon, and a lower mortality from breast cancer in women born in Syria or Lebanon. These differences are interpreted in the light of the available information on dietary habits and reproductive behaviour of Near Eastern migrants in Australia.
Female sensitivity to diet and irradiation treatments underlies sex-mortality differentials in the Mediterranean fruit fly.; Large-scale experiments on medflies that were subjected to sterilizing doses of ionizing radiation (plus intact controls) and maintained on either sugar-only or full, protein-enriched diets revealed that, whereas the mortality trajectories of both intact and irradiated male cohorts maintained on both diets are similar, the mortality patterns of females are highly variable. Mean mortality rates at 35 days in male cohorts ranged from 0.2 to 0.3 but in female cohorts ranged from 0.09 to 0.35, depending on treatment. The study reports three main influences: (a) qualitative differences exist in the sex-mortality response of medflies subjected to dietary manipulations and irradiation; (b) the female mortality response is linked to increased vulnerability due to the nutritional demands of reproduction; and (c) female sensitivity to environmental changes underlies the dynamics of the sex-mortality differential.
Seasonal assessment of biological indices, bioaccumulation, and bioavailability of heavy metals in sea urchins Paracentrotus lividus from Algerian west coast, applied to environmental monitoring.; The aim of the present work was to extend our knowledge on the variability of trace metals in sea urchin tissues, focusing on seasonal fluctuations (2010 February for "winter," May for "spring," August for "summer," November for "autumn") in the three different sampling sites of Algerian west coast (Oran Harbor (S1), Ain Defla (S2), and Hadjaj (belonging to Mostaganem City S3)). For this purpose, the bioavailability (metal indices) and bioaccumulation (metal concentrations in soft tissues) of heavy metals (Zn, Cu, Pb, and Cd), the physiological characteristics (e.g., biological indices such as condition index (CI), repletion index (RI), gonad index (GI)), and the biometric parameters (diameter (D) and the height (H)) of sea urchins Paracentrotus lividus were assessed and related to seasons and sites. To investigate the metal bioavailability to sea urchins more precisely, the metal indices were used as a reliable tool in the present work, instead of the metal concentrations only. The interest to standardize metal concentrations with the weight of the urchin test is to overcome the metal burden variations in the soft tissues of urchin related to the seasonal weight changes of the soft body of animal. We evidence that the most contaminated sites were S1 and S2. Furthermore, it should be noted that the bioavailability of metals, corresponding to the values of metal indices, is also more pronounced in S1 and S2 compared to that measured in S3. Thus, a correlation is observed between seasonal metal content in urchin tissues from the three sites and the corresponding metal indices. The high metal concentrations were obtained during the period when RI and CI were highest. So, it appears that the bioaccumulation of metals in sea urchins of the three sites studied is significantly influenced by the reproductive cycle and diet, feeding activity, and physiological state of these organisms. We noticed that the sea urchins from the sites S1 and S2 were small in size. It is probable that these animals, whose internal tissues contained high concentrations of metals, have been exposed to metal pollution, which might have affected both their growth and altered their physiological capacity. This approach is very original and might be used in the monitoring of the quality of coastal waters, and the present work provided a useful data set for Mediterranean monitoring network.
The relationship between Mediterranean-DASH diet intervention for the neurodegenerative delay (MIND) Diet and risk of breast Cancer: a case-control study among iranian adult women.; BACKGROUND: choosing a healthier lifestyle and modifying dietary habits could prevent four million new people from developing cancer. Recently, a new index called the Mediterranean-dietary approach to stop hypertension (DASH) diet intervention for the neurodegenerative delay (MIND) diet has been developed. In the current study, we aimed to assess the relationship between the MIND diet and the risk of breast cancer (BC) among Tehranian adult women. METHOD: In this hospital-based, case-control study, 134 Tehranian women ≥ 30 years old with recently (< 6 months) diagnosed BC, confirmed histologically and 272 women of the same age as control were included. Dietary intakes were assessed in a personal interview using a valid and reliable semi-quantitative 168-item food frequency questionnaire. The odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) of breast cancer across tertiles of the MIND diet were determined using multivariable-adjusted logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: In the crude model, participants in the highest tertiles had lower odds of BC [(OR = 0.57; 95% CI,0.34-0.95), P for trend = 0.020)] than those with the lowest scores on the MIND diet. After controlling for potential confounding variables, individuals in the highest tertile of the MIND diet had a 45% lower risk of BC [(OR = 0.55; 95% CI, 0.32-0.96), P for trend = 0.021)] compared with those in the lowest tertile. Also, in women with an abortion history, higher adherence to the MIND diet was associated with a lower risk of BC [(OR = 0.15; 95% CI, 0.04-0.52, P for trend = 0.002)]. CONCLUSION: Our findings revealed that higher adherence to the MIND diet was associated with decreased BC risk, which was strongly observed among women with a history of abortion.
Evolution, adaptation, and new applications of the FODMAP diet.; The FODMAP diet has been a treatment of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) for many years. Rigorous scientific evaluation and clinical application of the FODMAP diet have generated deep understanding regarding clinical efficacy, mechanisms of action, and potential adverse effects of this dietary approach. In turn, this knowledge has allowed fine-tuning of the diet to optimize treatment benefits and minimize risks, in the form of the traditional three-phase diet; the FODMAP-gentle approach, which is a less restrictive iteration; and a proposed FODMAP-modified, Mediterranean-style diet which endeavours to optimise both gastrointestinal symptoms and other health parameters. Furthermore, recognition that IBS-like symptoms feature in other conditions has seen the FODMAP diet tested in non-IBS populations, including in older adults with diarrhea and women with endometriosis. These areas represent new frontiers for the FODMAP diet and a space to watch as future research evaluates the validity of these novel clinical applications.
Dung beetles eat acorns to increase their ovarian development and thermal tolerance.; Animals eat different foods in proportions that yield a more favorable balance of nutrients. Despite known examples of these behaviors across different taxa, their ecological and physiological benefits remain unclear. We identified a surprising dietary shift that confers ecophysiological advantages in a dung beetle species. Thorectes lusitanicus, a Mediterranean ecosystem species adapted to eat semi-dry and dry dung (dung-fiber consumers) is also actively attracted to oak acorns, consuming and burying them. Acorn consumption appears to confer potential advantages over beetles that do not eat acorns: acorn-fed beetles showed important improvements in the fat body mass, hemolymph composition, and ovary development. During the reproductive period (October-December) beetles incorporating acorns into their diets should have greatly improved resistance to low-temperature conditions and improved ovarian development. In addition to enhancing the understanding of the relevance of dietary plasticity to the evolutionary biology of dung beetles, these results open the way to a more general understanding of the ecophysiological implications of differential dietary selection on the ecology and biogeography of these insects.
Hemochromatosis: a Neolithic adaptation to cereal grain diets.; The Neolithic period in Europe marked the transition from a hunter-gatherer diet rich in red meat to an iron-reduced cereal grain diet. This dietary shift likely resulted in an increased incidence of iron deficiency anemia, especially in women of reproductive age. I propose that hereditary hemochromatosis and in particular the common HFE C282Y mutation may represent an adaptation to decreased dietary iron in cereal grain-based Neolithic diets. Both homozygous and heterozygous carriers of the HFE C282Y mutation have increased iron stores and therefore possessed an adaptive advantage under Neolithic conditions. An allele age estimate places the origin of the HFE C282Y mutation in the early Neolithic period in Northern Europe and is thus consistent with this hypothesis. The lower incidence of this mutation in other agrarian regions (the Mediterranean and Near East) may be due to higher dietary intakes of the iron uptake cofactor vitamin C in those regions. The HFE C282Y mutation likely only became maladaptive in the past several centuries as dietary sources of iron and vitamin C improved in Northern Europe.
High concentrations of phthalates affect the early development of the sea urchin Paracentrotus lividus.; The toxicity of three phthalates (PAEs) - butylbenzyl phthalate (BBP), diethyl phthalate (DEP), and di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) - was tested on the Mediterranean sea urchin Paracentrotus lividus. Fertilized eggs were exposed to environmental and high PAE concentrations for 72 h. The potential toxic effects on larval development and any morphological anomalies were then assessed to estimate PAEs impact. Environmental concentrations never affected development, while high concentrations induced toxic effects in larvae exposed to BBP (EC50: 2.9 ×10(3) µg/L) and DEHP (EC50: 3.72 ×10(3) µg/L). High concentrations caused skeletal anomalies, with a slight to moderate impact for DEP/DEHP and BBP, respectively. PAE toxicity was: BBP>DEHP>DEP. In conclusion, the three PAEs at environmental concentrations do not pose a risk to sea urchins. However, PAE concentrations should be further monitored in order not to constitute a concern to marine species, especially at their early developmental stages.
Life history response of Mediterranean fruit flies to dietary restriction.; The purpose of this study was to investigate medfly longevity and reproduction across a broad spectrum of diet restriction using a protocol similar to those applied in most rodent studies. Age-specific reproduction and age of death were monitored for 1200 adult males and 1200 females, each individually maintained on one of 12 diets from ad libitum to 30% of ad libitum. Diet was provided in a fixed volume of solution that was fully consumed each day, ensuring control of total nutrient consumption for every fly. Contrary to expectation and precedence, increased longevity was not observed at any level of diet restriction. Among females, reproduction continued across all diet levels despite the cost in terms of increased mortality. Among males, life expectancy exceeded that of females at most diet levels. However, in both sexes, mortality increased more sharply and the pattern of survival changed abruptly once the diet level fell to 50% of ad libitum or below, even though the energetic demands of egg production has no obvious counterpart in males. We believe that a more complete picture of the life table response to dietary restriction will emerge when studies are conducted on a wider range of species and include both sexes, more levels of diet, and the opportunity for mating and reproduction.
Factors and co-factors influencing clinical manifestations in nsLTPs allergy: between the good and the bad.; Non-specific lipid transfer proteins (nsLTPs) are a family of plant pan-allergens that represent the primary cause of food allergies in the Mediterranean area, characterized by a wide range of clinical manifestations, ranging from the total absence of symptoms up to anaphylaxis. This wide variety of symptoms is related to the intrinsic capacity of nsLTPs to cause an allergic reaction in a specific subject, but also to the presence of co-factors exacerbating (i.e., exercise, NSAIDs, PPIs, alcohol, cannabis, prolonged fasting, menstruation, acute infections, sleep deprivation, chronic urticaria) or protecting from (i.e., co-sensitization to PR10, profilin or polcalcin) severe reactions. In this picture, recognizing some nsLTPs-related peculiarities (i.e., route, type and number of sensitizations, concentration of the allergen, cross-reactions) and eventual co-factors may help the allergist to define the risk profile of the single patient, in order to promote the appropriate management of the allergy from dietary advices up to the prescription of life-saving epinephrine autoinjector.
Seasonal Trophic Ecology and Diet Shift in the Common Sole Solea solea in the Central Adriatic Sea.; The common sole, Solea solea, is one the most important commercial species in Europe and, within the Mediterranean, the Adriatic basin is the most crucial area for its production. Although the species is overexploited in the basin, data on its trophic ecology are fragmentary, even though this is one of the most important features within the Ecosystem Approach to Fishery. Here, we analysed temporal variations in the feeding ecology of the species by using an integrated approach of stomach contents and stable isotope analyses coupled with the analysis of some condition indices such as the gonadosomatic and the hepatosomatic indices. Changes in diet and trophic level across the years in adult females were clearly linked to the different energetic requirements facing reproduction. Temporal changes throughout the year were mainly related to changes in food availability. This study confirms the opportunistic behaviour of this benthophagous species and its role as a mesopredator, opening new perspectives for further investigations on the effects of the overexploitation of this important fishery resource on the marine trophic web.
Proceedings of the 3rd IPLeiria's International Health Congress : Leiria, Portugal. 6-7 May 2016.; S1 Health literacy and health education in adolescence Catarina Cardoso Tomás S2 The effect of a walking program on the quality of life and well-being of people with schizophrenia Emanuel Oliveira, D. Sousa, M. Uba-Chupel, G. Furtado, C. Rocha, A. Teixeira, P. Ferreira S3 Diagnosis and innovative treatments - the way to a better medical practice Celeste Alves S4 Simulation-based learning and how it is a high contribution Stefan Gisin S5 Formative research about acceptability, utilization and promotion of a home fortification programme with micronutrient powders (MNP) in the Autonomous Region of Príncipe, São Tomé and Príncipe Elisabete Catarino, Nelma Carvalho, Tiago Coucelo, Luís Bonfim, Carina Silva S6 Safety culture of the patient: a reflexion about the therapeutic approach on the patient with vocal pathology Débora Franco S7 About wine, fortune cookies and patient experience Jesús Alcoba González O1 The psychological impact on the emergency crews after the disaster event on February 20, 2010 Helena G. Jardim, Rita Silva O2 Musculoskeletal disorders in midwives Cristina L. Baixinho, Mª Helena Presado, Mª Fátima Marques, Mário E. Cardoso O3 Negative childhood experiences and fears of compassion: Implications for psychological difficulties in adolescence Marina Cunha, Joana Mendes, Ana Xavier, Ana Galhardo, Margarida Couto O4 Optimal age to give the first dose of measles vaccine in Portugal João G. Frade, Carla Nunes, João R. Mesquita, Maria S. Nascimento, Guilherme Gonçalves O5 Functional assessment of elderly in primary care Conceição Castro, Alice Mártires, Mª João Monteiro, Conceição Rainho O6 Smoking and coronary events in a population of Spanish health-care centre: An observational study Francisco P. Caballero, Fatima M. Monago, Jose T. Guerrero, Rocio M. Monago, Africa P. Trigo, Milagros L. Gutierrez, Gemma M. Milanés, Mercedes G. Reina, Ana G. Villanueva, Ana S. Piñero, Isabel R. Aliseda, Francisco B. Ramirez O7 Prevalence of musculoskeletal injuries in Portuguese musicians Andrea Ribeiro, Ana Quelhas, Conceição Manso O8 Hip fractures, psychotropic drug consumption and comorbidity in patients of a primary care practice in Spain Francisco P. Caballero, Jose T. Guerrero, Fatima M. Monago, Rafael B. Santos, Nuria R. Jimenez, Cristina G. Nuñez, Inmaculada R. Gomez, Mª Jose L. Fernandez, Laura A. Marquez, Ana L. Moreno, Mª Jesus Tena Huertas, Francisco B. Ramirez O9 The role of self-criticism and shame in social anxiety in a clinical SAD sample Daniel Seabra, Mª Céu Salvador O10 Obstruction and infiltration: a proposal of a quality indicator Luciene Braga, Pedro Parreira, Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira, Cristina Arreguy-Sena, Bibiana F. Oliveira, Mª Adriana Henriques O11 Balance and anxiety and depression symptoms in old age people Joana Santos, Sara Lebre, Alda Marques O12 Prevalence of postural changes and risk factors in school children and adolescents in a northern region (Porto) Clarinda Festas, Sandra Rodrigues, Andrea Ribeiro, José Lumini O13 Ischemic stroke vs. haemorrhagic stroke survival rate Ana G. Figueiredo O14 Chronobiological factors as responsible for the appearance of locomotor pathology in adolescents Francisco J. Hernandez-Martinez, Liliana Campi, Mª Pino Quintana-Montesdeoca, Juan F. Jimenez-Diaz, Bienvenida C. Rodriguez-De-Vera O15 Risk of malnutrition in the elderly of Bragança Alexandra Parente, Mª Augusta Mata, Ana Mª Pereira, Adília Fernandes, Manuel Brás O16 A Lifestyle Educational Programme for primary care diabetic patients: the design of a complex nursing intervention Mª Rosário Pinto, Pedro Parreira, Marta L. Basto, Ana C. Rei, Lisete M. Mónico O17 Medication adherence in elderly people Gilberta Sousa, Clementina Morna, Otília Freitas, Gregório Freitas, Ana Jardim, Rita Vasconcelos O18 Hospitalization for cervical cancer of residents in the metropolitan region of Porto Alegre, Southern Brazil, 2012 to 2014 Lina G. Horta, Roger S. Rosa, Luís F. Kranz, Rita C. Nugem, Mariana S. Siqueira, Ronaldo Bordin O19 Oncologic assistance of high complexity: evaluation of regulating accesses Rosiane Kniess, Josimari T. Lacerda O20 Perceived barriers for using health care services by the older population as seen by the social sector: findings from the Vila Nova de Gaia Gerontological Plan Joana Guedes, Idalina Machado, Sidalina Almeida, Adriano Zilhão, Helder Alves, Óscar Ribeiro O21 Sleep difficulties and depressive symptoms in college students Ana P. Amaral, Ana Santos, Joana Monteiro, Mª Clara Rocha, Rui Cruz O22 Psychopathological symptoms and medication use in higher education Ana P. Amaral, Marina Lourenço, Mª Clara Rocha, Rui Cruz O23 Sexually transmitted diseases in higher education institutions Sandra Antunes, Verónica Mendonça, Isabel Andrade, Nádia Osório, Ana Valado, Armando Caseiro, António Gabriel, Anabela C. Martins, Fernando Mendes O24 Alcohol consumption and suicide ideation in higher education students Lídia Cabral, Manuela Ferreira, Amadeu Gonçalves O25 Quality of life in university students Tatiana D. Luz, Leonardo Luz, Raul Martins O26 Male and female adolescent antisocial behaviour: characterizing vulnerabilities in a Portuguese sample Alice Morgado, Maria L. Vale-Dias O27 Risk factors for mental health in higher education students of health sciences Rui Porta-Nova O28 International classification of functioning disability and health as reflexive reasoning in primary attention in health Tânia C. Fleig, Éboni M. Reuter, Miriam B. Froemming, Sabrina L. Guerreiro, Lisiane L. Carvalho O29 Risk factors and cardiovascular disease in Portalegre Daniel Guedelha, P. Coelho, A. Pereira O30 Health status of the elderly population living in Portalegre historic city centre: A longitudinal study António Calha, Raul Cordeiro O31 Student’s sleep in higher education: sleep quality among students of the IPB Ana Gonçalves, Ana Certo, Ana Galvão, Mª Augusta Mata O32 Trend in mortality from cervical cancer in the metropolitan area of Florianópolis, state of Santa Catarina, Brazil, 2000 to 2013 Aline Welter, Elayne Pereira, Sandra Ribeiro, Marcia Kretzer O33 Adherence to treatment in the elderly in an urban environment in Spain Juan-Fernando Jiménez-Díaz, Carla Jiménez-Rodríguez, Francisco-José Hernández-Martínez, Bienvenida-Del-Carmen Rodríguez-De-Vera, Alexandre Marques-Rodrigues O34 Beira Baixa Blood Pressure Study (Study PABB) Patrícia Coelho, Tiago Bernardes, Alexandre Pereira O35 Trends in cervical cancer mortality statistics in Santa Catarina State, Brazil, by age group and macro-region, from 2000 to 2013 Patrícia Sousa, João G. Filho, Nazare Nazario, Marcia Kretzer O36 Sleep problems among Portuguese adolescents: a public health issue Odete Amaral, António Garrido, Nélio Veiga, Carla Nunes, Ana R. Pedro, Carlos Pereira O37 Association between body fat and health-related quality of life in patients with type 2 diabetes António Almeia, Helder M. Fernandes, Carlos Vasconcelos, Nelson Sousa, Victor M. Reis, M. João Monteiro, Romeu Mendes O38 Therapy adherence and polypharmacy in non-institutionalized elderly from Amares county, Portugal Isabel C. Pinto, Tânia Pires, João Gama O39 Prevalence of surgical site infection in adults at a hospital unit in the North of Portugal Vera Preto, Norberto Silva, Carlos Magalhães, Matilde Martins O40 Frailty phenotype in old age: implications to intervention Mafalda Duarte, Constança Paúl, Ignácio Martín O41 Portuguese women: sexual symptoms in perimenopause Arminda A. Pinheiro O42 Predictive ability of the Perinatal Depression Screening and Prevention Tool – preliminary results of the categorical approach Sandra Xavier, Julieta Azevedo, Elisabete Bento, Cristiana Marques, Mariana Marques, António Macedo, Ana T. Pereira O43 Aging and muscle strength in patients with type 2 diabetes: cross sectional analysis José P. Almeida, António Almeida, Josiane Alves, Nelson Sousa, Francisco Saavedra, Romeu Mendes O44 Accessibility of the elderly in the prevention of hypertension in a family health unit Ana S. Maia, Michelle T. Oliveira, Anderson R. Sousa, Paulo P. Ferreira, Luci S. Lopes, Eujcely C. Santiago O45 Community Health screenings and self-reported chronic diseases Sílvia Monteiro, Ângelo Jesus, Armanda Colaço, António Carvalho, Rita P. Silva, Agostinho Cruz O46 Evaluation of indoor air quality in Kindergartens Ana Ferreira, Catarina Marques, João P. Figueiredo, Susana Paixão O47 Atmospheric exposure to chemical agents under the occupational activity of pathology technicians Ana Ferreira, Carla Lopes, Fernando Moreira, João P. Figueiredo O48 Occupational exposure to air pollutants in night entertainment venues workers Ana Ferreira, Diana Ribeiro, Fernando Moreira, João P. Figueiredo, Susana Paixão O49 Beliefs and attitudes of young people towards breastfeeding Telma Fernandes, Diogo Amado, Jéssica Leal, Marcelo Azevedo, Sónia Ramalho O50 Profiling informal caregivers: surveying needs in the care of the elderly Catarina Mangas, Jaime Ribeiro, Rita Gonçalves O51 Visual health in teenagers Amélia F Nunes, Ana R. Tuna, Carlos R. Martins, Henriqueta D. Forte O52 Amenable mortality and the geographic accessibility to healthcare in Portugal Cláudia Costa, José A. Tenedório, Paula Santana O53 Bacterial contamination of door handles in a São Paulo See Metropolitan Cathedral public restrooms in Brazil J. A. Andrade, J. L. Pinto, C. Campofiorito, S. Nunes, A. Carmo, A. Kaliniczenco, B. Alves, F. Mendes, C. Jesus, F. Fonseca, F. Gehrke O54 Adherence of patients to rehabilitation programmes Carlos Albuquerque, Rita Batista, Madalena Cunha, António Madureira, Olivério Ribeiro, Rosa Martins O55 Prevalence of malnutrition among Portuguese elderly living in nursing homes: preliminary results of the PEN-3S project Teresa Madeira, Catarina Peixoto-Plácido, Nuno Santos, Osvaldo Santos, Astrid Bergland, Asta Bye, Carla Lopes, Violeta Alarcão, Beatriz Goulão, Nuno Mendonça, Paulo Nicola, João G. Clara O56 Relation between emotional intelligence and mental illness in health students João Gomes, Ana Querido, Catarina Tomás, Daniel Carvalho, Marina Cordeiro P1 Fall risk factors in people older than 50 years old – a pilot report Marlene C. Rosa, Alda Marques P2 What about the Portuguese oldest old? A global overview using census data Daniela Brandão, Óscar Ribeiro, Lia Araújo, Constança Paúl P3 Prevalence of injuries in senior amateur volleyball athletes in Alentejo and Algarve clubs, Portugal: factors associated Beatriz Minghelli, Sylvina Richaud P4 Shame feelings and quality of life: the role of acceptance and decentring Ana L. Mendes, Joana Marta-Simões, Inês A. Trindade, Cláudia Ferreira P5 Assessment of social support during deployment in portuguese colonial war veterans Teresa Carvalho, Marina Cunha, José Pinto-Gouveia P6 Hospitalization for acute viral bronchiolitis of residents in the metropolitan region of Porto Alegre, Southern Brazil, 2012 to 2014 Morgana C. Fernandes, Roger S. Rosa, Rita C. Nugem, Luís F. Kranz, Mariana S. Siqueira, Ronaldo Bordin P7 Falls-risk screening – an opportunity for preventing falls in the elderly from Nordeste Anabela C. Martins, Anabela Medeiros, Rafaela Pimentel, Andreia Fernandes, Carlos Mendonça, Isabel Andrade, Susana Andrade, Ruth L. Menezes P8 Aging provokes chronodisruption in mature people in temperature circadian rhythm Rafael Bravo, Marta Miranda, Lierni Ugartemendia, José Mª Tena, Francisco L. Pérez-Caballero, Lorena Fuentes-Broto, Ana B. Rodríguez, Barriga Carmen P9 The influence of climate and pollution factors in dengue cases of great ABC region, São Paulo M. A. Carneiro, J. N. Domingues, S. Paixão, J. Figueiredo, V. B. Nascimento, C. Jesus, F Mendes, F. Gehrke, B. Alves, L. Azzalis, F. Fonseca P10 Visual function and impact of visual therapy in children with learning disabilities: a pilot study Ana R. Martins, Amélia Nunes, Arminda Jorge P11 Edentulism and the need of oral rehabilitation among institutionalized elderly Nélio Veiga, Ana Amorim, André Silva, Liliana Martinho, Luís Monteiro, Rafael Silva, Carina Coelho, Odete Amaral, Inês Coelho, Carlos Pereira, André Correia P12 Therapy adherence of outpatients in the pharmacy services of a hospital unit Diana Rodrigues, Nídia Marante, Pedro Silva, Sara Carvalho, André Rts Araujo, Maximiano Ribeiro, Paula Coutinho, Sandra Ventura, Fátima Roque P13 Universal access and comprehensive care of oral health: an availability study Cristina Calvo, Manoela Reses P14 Is the respiratory function of children a predictor of air quality? Coimbra as a case study Jorge Conde, Ana Ferreira, João Figueiredo P15 Meaning-in-life of college students David Silva, Luís Seiça, Raquel Soares, Ricardo Mourão, Teresa Kraus O57 Training needs for nurses in palliative care Ana C. Abreu, José M. Padilha, Júlia M. Alves O58 Impact of computerized information systems in the global nurses’ workload: nurses’ perceptions and real-time Paulino Sousa, Manuel Oliveira, Joana Sousa O59 The perspective of health care professionals on self-care in hereditary neurodegenerative disease: a qualitative study Sónia Novais, Felismina Mendes O60 Contribution for health-related physical fitness reference values in healthy adolescents Joana Pinto, Joana Cruz, Alda Marques School of Health Sciences, University of Aveiro, 3810-193 Aveiro, Portugal O61 Perception of learning, satisfaction and self-efficacy of nursing students about High-Fidelity Simulation Hugo Duarte, Maria Dos Anjos Dixe, Pedro Sousa O62 Analysis of statements of diagnosis about health deviation in self-care requisites customized in a Nursing Practice Support System (SAPE®): Management of therapeutic regimen Inês Cruz, Fernanda Bastos, Filipe Pereira O63 Hybrid management and hospital governance: doctors and nurses as managers Francisco L. Carvalho, Teresa T. Oliveira, Vítor R. Raposo O64 Time management in health professionals Conceição Rainho, José C. Ribeiro, Isabel Barroso, Vítor Rodrigues O65 Financial rewards and wellbeing in primary health care Carmo Neves, Teresa C. Oliveira O66 Patient safety promotion in the operating room Bárbara Oliveira, Mª Carminda Morais, Pilar Baylina O67 Difficulties and needs of pre-graduate nursing students in the area of Geriatrics/Gerontology Rogério Rodrigues, Zaida Azeredo, Corália Vicente O68 Teaching and learning sexuality in nursing education Hélia Dias, Margarida Sim-Sim O69 Entrepreneurial Motivations Questionnaire: AFC and CFA in academy Pedro Parreira, Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira, Amélia Castilho, Rosa Melo, João Graveto, José Gomes, Marina Vaquinhas, Carla Carvalho, Lisete Mónico, Nuno Brito O70 Nursing intervention to patient with Permanent Pacemakers and Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillators: a qualitative analysis Cassilda Sarroeira, José Amendoeira, Fátima Cunha, Anabela Cândido, Patrícia Fernandes, Helena R. Silva, Elsa Silva O71 Alcohol consumption among nursing students: where does education fail? Isabel Barroso, Leila Lapa, Cristina Antunes O72 Labour stress in nursing Ana Gonçalves, Ana Galvão, Mª José Gomes, Susana R. Escanciano O73 The influence of safe staff nursing in patient satisfaction with nursing care Maria Freitas, Pedro Parreira, João Marôco O74 Intention to use eHealth strategies with nursing students Ana R. Fernandes, Cremilde Cabral, Samuel Alves, Pedro Sousa O75 Community Based Mental Health: contributions of an interdisciplinary international program for students in higher health education António Ferreira, Fernanda Príncipe, Ulla-Maija Seppänen, Margarida Ferreira, Maribel Carvalhais, Marilene Silva O76 Study of satisfaction at work of graduates in nursing: 2002-2014 Manuela Ferreira, Joana Silva, Jéssica Neves, Diana Costa, Bruno Santos, Soraia Duarte O77 Health professionals’ attitudes towards breastfeeding Sílvia Marques, Sónia Ramalho, Isabel Mendes O78 Continuity of nursing care to person with type 2 diabetes Clarisse Louro, Eva Menino, Maria Dixe, Sara S. Dias O79 Stigma toward mental illness among future health professionals Marina Cordeiro, Catarina Tomás, Ana Querido, Daniel Carvalho, João Gomes O80 Working with fears and anxieties of medical students in search of a humanized care Frederico C. Valim, Joyce O. Costa, Lúcia G. Bernardes P16 Surgical paediatrics patients’ psycho prophylaxis at a teaching hospital Helena Prebianchi P17 Patient-perceived outcomes in physiotherapy – a pilot study Marlene Cristina Rosa P18 Building competencies for managers in nursing Narcisa Gonçalves, Maria M. Martins, Paulina Kurcgant P19 Theoretical basis underlying physiotherapy practice in stroke rehabilitation André Vieira P20 When the life-cycle ends: the nurse’s confrontation with death Sandrina Bento, Sérgio Deodato, Isabel Rabiais P21 Nursing students’ opinion about the supervision relationship during their first clinical experience Laura Reis P22 Nursing Relational Laboratory: Pedagogical, dialogic and critical project Ana Torres, Sérgio Soares, Margarida Ferreira, Pedro Graça P23 Job satisfaction of bioscientists at a Lisbon hospital Céu Leitão, Renato Abreu, Fernando Bellém, Ana Almeida, Edna Ribeiro-Varandas, Ana Tavares P24 Sociodemographic and professional profile of nurses and its relation with the importance of family in nursing practices João G. Frade, Carolina Henriques, Eva Menino, Clarisse Louro, Célia Jordão P25 Professional satisfaction of rehabilitation nurses Sofia Neco, Carminda Morais, Pedro Ferreira P26 The person living with a stoma: the formalization of knowledge in nursing Carla R. Silva, Alice Brito, Antónia Silva P27 Validation of the Portuguese versions of the nursing students’ perceptions of learning and learner satisfaction with simulation tool Hugo Duarte, Maria Dos Anjos Dixe, Pedro Sousa P28 Physiotherapists’ perceived knowledge on technologies for electronic health records for physiotherapy Gabriela Postolache, Raul Oliveira, Isabel Moreira, Luísa Pedro, Sónia Vicente, Samuel Domingos, Octavian Postolache P29 Quality of life and physical activity of medicine undergraduate students in the University of Southern Santa Catarina, Brazil Darlen Silva, João G. Filho, Nazare Nazario, Marcia Kretzer, Dulcineia Schneider P30 The curricular skills for decision making education in a Nursing Degree Fátima M. Marques P31 Effect of nurses’ mobilization in satisfaction at work and turnover: An empirical study in the hospital setting Pedro Parreira, Carla Carvalho, Lisete M. Mónico, Carlos Pinto, Sara Vicente, São João Breda P32 Entrepreneurial skills of students of polytechnic higher education in Portugal: Business influences José H. Gomes, Rosa Melo, Pedro Parreira, Anabela Salgueiro, João Graveto, Marina Vaquinhas, Amélia Castilho P33 Design and assessment of e-learning modules for Pharmacology Ângelo Jesus, Nuno Duarte, José C. Lopes, Hélder Nunes, Agostinho Cruz P34 Perspective of nurses involved in an action-research study on the changes observed in care provision: results from a focus group Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira, Pedro Parreira, Marta L. Basto, Luciene M. Braga P35 Use of peer feedback by nursing students during clinical training: teacher’s perception António Ferreira, Beatriz Araújo, José M. Alves, Margarida Ferreira, Maribel Carvalhais, Marilene Silva, Sónia Novais P36 What’s new on endotracheal suctioning recommendations Ana S. Sousa, Cândida Ferrito P37 Assessment of the nurses satisfaction on the Central Region of Portugal Pedro L. Ferreira, Alexandre Rodrigues, Margarida Ferreira, Isabel Oliveira P38 Study of graduate’s satisfaction with the school of nursing Manuela Ferreira, Jéssica Neves, Diana Costa, Soraia Duarte, Joana Silva, Bruno Santos P39 Partnership between the school of nursing and the hospital: Supervisors´ perspectives Cristina Martins, Ana P. Macedo, Odete Araújo, Cláudia Augusto, Fátima Braga, Lisa Gomes, Maria A. Silva, Rafaela Rosário P40 Coping strategies of college students Luís Pimenta, Diana Carreira, Patrícia Teles, Teresa Barros P41 Emotional intelligence and mental health stigma in health students Catarina Tomás, Ana Querido, Daniel Carvalho, João Gomes, Marina Cordeiro P42 Stigma of mental health assessment: Comparison between health courses Daniel Carvalho, Ana Querido, Catarina Tomás, João Gomes, Marina Cordeiro O81 Short- and long-term effects of pulmonary rehabilitation in mild COPD Cristina Jácome, Alda Marques O82 Phonological awareness programme for preschool children Sylvie Capelas, Andreia Hall, Dina Alves, Marisa Lousada O83 REforma ATIVA: An efficient health promotion program to be implemented during retirement Mª Helena Loureiro, Ana Camarneiro, Margarida Silva, Aida Mendes, Ana Pedreiro O84 Intervention for men who batter women, a case report Anne G.Silva, Elza S. Coelho O85 Immediate effects of Bowen Therapy on muscle tone and flexibility Flávio Melo, Fernando Ribeiro, Rui Torres, Rui Costa O86 Predictive equation for incremental shuttle walk test in adolescents Tânia Pinho, Cristina Jácome, Alda Marques O87 Life satisfaction and psychopathology in institutionalized elderly people: The results of an adapted Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction program Bárbara Cruz, Daniel Seabra, Diogo Carreira, Maria Ventura O88 Outcome changes in COPD rehabilitation: exploring the relationship between physical activity and health-related outcomes Joana Cruz, Dina Brooks, Alda Marques O89 Assessing the effectiveness of a Complex Nursing Intervention M Rosário Pinto, Pedro Parreira, Marta Lima-Basto, Miguel Neves, Lisete M. Mónico O90 Psychotherapeutic intervention in addiction disorders: Change in psychopathological symptoms and emotional states Carla Bizarro, Marina Cunha, Ana Galhardo, Couto Margarida, Ana P. Amorim, Eduardo Silva O91 Economic impact of a nursing intervention program to promote self-management in COPD Susana Cruz, José M. Padilha, Jorge Valente O92 Multimodal acute pain management during uterine artery embolization in treatment of uterine myomas José T. Guerrero, Francisco P. Caballero, Rafael B. Santos, Estefania P. Gonzalez, Fátima M. Monago, Lierni U. Ugalde, Marta M. Vélez, Maria J. Tena O93 Fluid administration strategies in major surgery: Goal-directed therapy José T. Guerrero, Rafael Bravo, Francisco L. Pérez-Caballero, Isabel A. Becerra, Mª Elizabeth Agudelo, Guadalupe Acedo, Roberto Bajo O94 Development and implementation of a self-management educational programme using lay-led’s in adolescents Spina Bifida: A pilot study Isabel Malheiro, Filomena Gaspar, Luísa Barros O95 Influence of chair-based yoga exercises on salivary anti-microbial proteins in institutionalized frail-elderly women: a preliminary study Guilherme Furtado, Mateus Uba-Chupel, Mariana Marques, Luís Rama, Margarida Braga, José P. Ferreira, Ana Mª Teixeira O96 High intensity interval training vs moderate intensity continuous training impact on diabetes 2 João Cruz, Tiago Barbosa, Ângela Simões, Luís Coelho O97 Family caregiver of people with pressure ulcer: Nursing intervention plan Alexandre Rodrigues, Juan-Fernando Jiménez-Díaz, Francisco Martinez-Hernández, Bienvenida Rodriguez-De-Vera, Pedro Ferreira, Alexandrina Rodrigues O98 Chronic effects of exercise on motor memory consolidation in elderly people André Ramalho, João Petrica, Pedro Mendes, João Serrano, Inês Santo, António Rosado O99 Impression cytology of the ocular surface: Collection technique and sample processing Paula Mendonça, Kátia Freitas O100 Does sport practice affect the reaction time in neuromuscular activity? Dora Ferreira, António Brito, Renato Fernandes O101 Efficiency of the enteral administration of fibbers in the treatment of chronic obstipation Sofia Gomes, Fernando Moreira, Cláudia Pinho, Rita Oliveira, Ana I. Oliveira O102 Fast decalcifier in compact bone and spongy bone Paula Mendonça, Ana P. Casimiro, Patrícia Martins, Iryna Silva O103 Health promotion in the elderly – Intervention project in dementia Diana Evangelista O104 Prevention of musculoskeletal disorders through an exercise protocol held in labour context Catarina Leitão, Fábia Velosa, Nélio Carecho, Luís Coelho O105 Knowledge of teachers and other education agents on diabetes type 1: Effectiveness of an intervention program Eva Menino, Anjos Dixe, Helena Catarino, Fátima Soares, Ester Gama, Clementina Gordo O106 Treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain: a systematic review of clinical trials of phase II and III Eliana Moreira, Cristiana Midões, Marlene Santos O107 New drugs for osteoporosis treatment: Systematic review of clinical trials of phase II and III Sara Machado, Vânia P. Oliveira, Marlene Santos O108 Promoting hope at the end of life: Effectiveness of an Intervention Programme Ana Querido, Anjos Dixe, Rita Marques, Zaida Charepe P43 Psychomotor therapy effects on adaptive behaviour and motor proficiency of adults with intellectual disability Ana Antunes, Sofia Santos P44 The effect of exercise therapy in multiple sclerosis – a single study case Marlene C. Rosa P45 Physical condition and self-efficacy in people with fall risk – a preliminary study Marlene C. Rosa, Silvana F. Marques P46 Shock waves: their effectiveness in improving the symptoms of calcifying tendinitis of the shoulder Beatriz Minghelli, Eulália Caro P47 Pacifier – construction and pilot application of a parenting intervention for parents of babies until six months in primary health care Mª José Luís, Teresa Brandão P48 The influence of Motor Imagery in fine motor skills of individuals with disabilities Pedro Mendes, Daniel Marinho, João Petrica, Diogo Monteiro, Rui Paulo, João Serrano, Inês Santo P49 Evaluation of the effects of a walking programme on the fall risk factors in older people – a longitudinal pilot study Lina Monteiro, Fátima Ramalho, Rita Santos-Rocha, Sónia Morgado, Teresa Bento P50 Nursing intervention programme in lifestyles of adolescents Gilberta Sousa, Otília Freitas, Isabel Silva, Gregório Freitas, Clementina Morna, Rita Vasconcelos P51 The person submitted to hip replacement rehabilitation, at home Tatiana Azevedo, Salete Soares, Jacinta Pisco P52 Effects of Melatonin use in the treatment of neurovegetative diseases Paulo P. Ferreira, Efrain O. Olszewer, Michelle T. Oliveira, Anderson R. Sousa, Ana S. Maia, Sebastião T. Oliveira P53 Review of Phytotherapy and other natural substances in alcohol abuse and alcoholism Erica Santos, Ana I. Oliveira, Carla Maia, Fernando Moreira, Joana Santos, Maria F. Mendes, Rita F. Oliveira, Cláudia Pinho P54 Dietary programme impact on biochemical markers in diabetics: systematic review Eduarda Barreira, Ana Pereira, Josiana A. Vaz, André Novo P55 Biological approaches to knee osteoarthritis: platelet-rich plasma and hyaluronic acid Luís D. Silva, Bruno Maia, Eduardo Ferreira, Filipa Pires, Renato Andrade, Luís Camarinha P56 Platelet-rich plasma and hyaluronic acid intra-articular injections for the treatment of ankle osteoarthritis Luís D. Silva, Bruno Maia, Eduardo Ferreira, Filipa Pires, Renato Andrade, Luís Camarinha P57 The impact of preventive measures in the incidence of diabetic foot ulcers: a systematic review Ana F. César, Mariana Poço, David Ventura, Raquel Loura, Pedro Gomes, Catarina Gomes, Cláudia Silva, Elsa Melo, João Lindo P58 Dating violence among young adolescents Joana Domingos, Zaida Mendes, Susana Poeta, Tiago Carvalho, Catarina Tomás, Helena Catarino, Mª Anjos Dixe P59 Physical activity and motor memory in pedal dexterity André Ramalho, António Rosado, Pedro Mendes, Rui Paulo, Inês Garcia, João Petrica P60 The effects of whole body vibration on the electromyographic activity of thigh muscles Sandra Rodrigues, Rui Meneses, Carlos Afonso, Luís Faria, Adérito Seixas P61 Mental health promotion in the workplace Marina Cordeiro, Paulo Granjo, José C. Gomes P62 Influence of physical exercise on the self-perception of body image in elderly women: A systematic review of qualitative studies Nelba R. Souza, Guilherme E. Furtado, Saulo V. Rocha, Paula Silva, Joana Carvalho O109 Psychometric properties of the Portuguese version of the Éxamen Geronto-Psychomoteur (P-EGP) Marina Ana Morais, Sofia Santos, Paula Lebre, Ana Antunes O110 Symptoms of depression in the elderly population of Portugal, Spain and Italy António Calha O111 Emotion regulation strategies and psychopathology symptoms: A comparison between adolescents with and without deliberate self-harm Ana Xavier, Marina Cunha, José Pinto-Gouveia O112 Prevalence of physical disability in people with leprosy Liana Alencar, Madalena Cunha, António Madureira O113 Quality of life and self-esteem in type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus patients Ilda Cardoso, Ana Galhardo, Fernanda Daniel, Vítor Rodrigues O114 Cross-cultural comparison of gross motor coordination in children from Brazil and Portugal Leonardo Luz, Tatiana Luz, Maurício R. Ramos, Dayse C. Medeiros, Bruno M. Carmo, André Seabra, Cristina Padez, Manuel C. Silva O115 Electrocardiographic differences between African and Caucasian people António Rodrigues, Patrícia Coelho, Alexandre Coelho O116 Factors associated with domestic, sexual and other types of violence in the city of Palhoça - Brazil Madson Caminha, Filipe Matheus, Elenice Mendes, Jony Correia, Marcia Kretzer O117 Tinnitus prevalence study of users of a hospital of public management - Spain Francisco J. Hernandez-Martinez, Juan F. Jimenez-Diaz, Bienvendida C. Rodriguez-De-Vera, Carla Jimenez-Rodriguez, Yadira Armas-Gonzalez O118 Difficulties experienced by parents of children with diabetes mellitus of preschool age in therapeutic and nutritional management Cátia Rodrigues, Rosa Pedroso O119 E-mental health - “nice to have” or “must have”? Exploring the attitudes towards e-mental health in the general population Jennifer Apolinário-Hagen, Viktor Vehreschild O120 Violence against children and adolescents and the role of health professionals: Knowing how to identify and care Milene Veloso, Celina Magalhães, Isabel Cabral, Maira Ferraz O121 Marital violence. A study in the Algarve population Filipe Nave, Emília Costa, Filomena Matos, José Pacheco O122 Clinical factors and adherence to treatment in ischemic heart disease António Dias, Carlos Pereira, João Duarte, Madalena Cunha, Daniel Silva O123 Can religiosity improve optimism in participants in states of illness, when controlling for life satisfaction? Lisete M. Mónico, Valentim R. Alferes, Mª São João Brêda, Carla Carvalho, Pedro M. Parreira O124 Empowerment, knowledge and quality of life of people with diabetes type 2 in the Alto Minho Health Local Unit Mª Carminda Morais, Pedro Ferreira, Rui Pimenta, José Boavida O125 Antihypertensive therapy adherence among hypertensive patients from Bragança county, Portugal Isabel C. Pinto, Tânia Pires, Catarina Silva O126 Subjective perception of sexual achievement - An exploratory study on people with overweight Maria Ribeiro, Maria Viega-Branco, Filomena Pereira, Ana Mª Pereira O127 Physical activity level and associated factors in hypertensive individuals registered in the family health strategy of a basic health unit from the city of Palhoça, Santa Catarina, Brazil Fabrícia M. Almeida, Gustavo L. Estevez, Sandra Ribeiro, Marcia R. Kretzer O128 Perception of functional fitness and health in non-institutionalised elderly from rural areas Paulo V. João, Paulo Nogueira, Sandra Novais, Ana Pereira, Lara Carneiro, Maria Mota O129 Medication adherence in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus treated at primary health care in Coimbra Rui Cruz, Luiz Santiago, Carlos Fontes-Ribeiro O130 Multivariate association between body mass index and multi-comorbidities in elderly people living in low socio-economic status context Guilherme Furtado, Saulo V. Rocha, André P. Coutinho, João S. Neto, Lélia R. Vasconcelos, Nelba R. Souza, Estélio Dantas O131 Metacognition, rumination and experiential avoidance in Borderline Personality Disorder Alexandra Dinis, Sérgio Carvalho, Paula Castilho, José Pinto-Gouveia O132 Health issues in a vulnerable population: nursing consultation in a public bathhouse in Lisbon Alexandra Sarreira-Santos, Amélia Figueiredo, Lurdes Medeiros-Garcia, Paulo Seabra O133 The perception of quality of life in people with multiple sclerosis accompanied in External Consultation of the Local Health Unit of Alto Minho Rosa Rodrigues, Mª Carminda Morais, Paula O. Fernandes O134 Representation of interaction established between immigrant women and nurse during pregnancy to postpartum, from the perspective of immigrant women Conceição Santiago, Mª Henriqueta Figueiredo, Marta L. Basto O135 Illness perceptions and medication adherence in hypertension Teresa Guimarães, André Coelho, Anabela Graça, Ana M. Silva, Ana R. Fonseca O136 A Portuguese study on adults’ intimate partner violence, interpersonal trust and hope Luz Vale-Dias, Bárbara Minas, Graciete Franco-Borges P63 QOL’ predictors of people with intellectual disability and general population Cristina Simões, Sofia Santos P64 Content validation of the Communication Disability Profile (CDP) - Portuguese Version Ana Serra, Maria Matos, Luís Jesus P65 Study of biochemical and haematological changes in football players Ana S. Tavares, Ana Almeida, Céu Leitão, Edna Varandas, Renato Abreu, Fernando Bellém P66 Body image dissatisfaction in inflammatory bowel disease: exploring the role of chronic illness-related shame Inês A. Trindade, Cláudia Ferreira, José Pinto-Gouveia, Joana Marta-Simões P67 Obesity and sleep in the adult population - a systematic review Odete Amaral, Cristiana Miranda, Pedro Guimarães, Rodrigo Gonçalves, Nélio Veiga, Carlos Pereira P68 Frequency of daytime sleepiness and obstructive sleep apnea risk in COPD patients Tânia C. Fleig, Elisabete A. San-Martin, Cássia L. Goulart, Paloma B. Schneiders, Natacha F. Miranda, Lisiane L. Carvalho, Andrea G. Silva P69 Working with immigrant-origin clients: discourses and practices of health professionals Joana Topa, Conceição Nogueira, Sofia Neves P70 Systemic Lupus Erythematosus – what are audiovestibular changes? Rita Ventura, Cristina Nazaré P71 Mental disorders in the oldest old: findings from the Portuguese national hospitalization database Daniela Brandão, Alberto Freitas, Óscar Ribeiro, Constança Paúl P72 Recurrence analysis in postural control in children with cerebral palsy Cristiana Mercê, Marco Branco, Pedro Almeida, Daniela Nascimento, Juliana Pereira, David Catela P73 The experience of self-care in the elderly with COPD: contributions to reflect proximity care Helga Rafael P74 Culturally competent nurses: managing unpredictability in clinical practice with immigrants Alcinda C. Reis O137 Paediatric speech and language screening: An instrument for health professionals Ana Mendes, Ana R. Valente, Marisa Lousada O138 Anthropometric and nutritional assessment in bodybuilders Diana Sousa, Ana L. Baltazar, Mª Helena Loureiro O139 Computerized adventitious respiratory sounds in children with lower respiratory tract infections Ana Oliveira, José Aparício, Alda Marques O140 Role of computerized respiratory sounds as a marker in LRTI Alda Marques, Ana Oliveira, Joana Neves, Rodrigo Ayoub O141 Confirmatory factor analysis of the Personal Wellbeing Index in people with chronic kidney disease Luís Sousa, Cristina Marques-Vieira, Sandy Severino, Helena José O142 Phonological awareness skills in school aged children Inês Cadorio, Marisa Lousada O143 Assessment of early memories of warmth and safeness in interaction with peers: its relationship with psychopathology in adolescence Marina Cunha, Diogo Andrade, Ana Galhardo, Margarida Couto O144 The molecular effects induced by single shot irradiation on a diffuse large B cell lymphoma cell line Fernando Mendes, Cátia Domingues, Susann Schukg, Ana M. Abrantes, Ana C. Gonçalves, Tiago Sales, Ricardo Teixo, Rita Silva, Jéssica Estrela, Mafalda Laranjo, João Casalta-Lopes, Clara Rocha, Paulo C. Simões, Ana B. Sarmento-Ribeiro, Mª Filomena Botelho, Manuel S. Rosa O145 Morpho-functional characterization of cardiac chambers by Transthoracic Echocardiography, in young athletes of gymnastics competition Virgínia Fonseca, Diogo Colaço, Vanessa Neves O146 Prevalence of the antibodies of the new histo-blood system – FORS system Carlos Jesus, Camilla Hesse, Clara Rocha, Nádia Osório, Ana Valado, Armando Caseiro, António Gabriel, Lola Svensson, Fernando Mendes, Wafa A. Siba, Cristina Pereira, Jorge Tomaz O147 Assessment of the war-related perceived threat in Portuguese Colonial War Veterans Teresa Carvalho, José Pinto-Gouveia, Marina Cunha O148 Pulse transit time estimation for continuous blood pressure measurement: A comparative study Diana Duarte, Nuno V. Lopes, Rui Fonseca-Pinto O149 Blood pressure assessment during standard clinical manoeuvres: A non-invasive PPT based approach Diana Duarte, Nuno V. Lopes, Rui Fonseca-Pinto O150 Development and initial validation of the Activities and Participation Profile related to Mobility (APPM) Anabela C. Martins O151 MEASYCare-2010 Standard–A geriatric evaluation system in primary health care: Reliability and validity of the latest version in Portugal Piedade Brandão, Laura Martins, Margarida Cardoso O152 Interrater and intrarater reliability and agreement of the range of shoulder flexion in the standing upright position through photographic assessment Nuno Morais, Joana Cruz O153 Three-dimensional biofabrication techniques for tissue regeneration Nuno Alves, Paula Faria, Artur Mateus, Pedro Morouço O154 A new computer tool for biofabrication applied to tissue engineering Nuno Alves, Nelson Ferreira, Artur Mateus, Paula Faria, Pedro Morouço O155 Development and psychometric qualities of a scale to measure the functional independence of adolescents with motor impairment Isabel Malheiro, Filomena Gaspar, Luísa Barros O156 Organizational Trust in Health services: Exploratory and Confirmatory factor analysis of the Organizational Trust Inventory- Short Form (OTI-SF) Pedro Parreira, Andreia Cardoso, Lisete Mónico, Carla Carvalho, Albino Lopes, Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira O157 Thermal symmetry: An indicator of occupational task asymmetries in physiotherapy Adérito Seixas, Valter Soares, Tiago Dias, Ricardo Vardasca, Joaquim Gabriel, Sandra Rodrigues O158 A study of ICT active monitoring adoption in stroke rehabilitation Hugo Paredes, Arsénio Reis, Sara Marinho, Vítor Filipe, João Barroso O159 Paranoia Checklist (Portuguese Version): Preliminary studies in a mixed sample of patients and healthy controls Carolina Da Motta, Célia B. Carvalho, José Pinto-Gouveia, Ermelindo Peixoto O160 Reliability and validity of the Composite Scale on Morningness: European Portuguese version, in adolescents and young adults Ana A. Gomes, Vanessa Costa, Diana Couto, Daniel R. Marques, José A. Leitão, José Tavares, Maria H. Azevedo, Carlos F. Silva O161 Evaluation scale of patient satisfaction with nursing care: Psychometric properties evaluation João Freitas, Pedro Parreira, João Marôco O162 Impact of fibromyalgia on quality of life: Comparing results from generic instruments and FIQR Miguel A. Garcia-Gordillo, Daniel Collado-Mateo, Gang Chen, Angelo Iezzi, José A. Sala, José A. Parraça, Narcis Gusi O163 Preliminary study of the adaptation and validation of the Rating Scale of Resilient Self: Resilience, self-harm and suicidal ideation in adolescents Jani Sousa, Mariana Marques, Jacinto Jardim, Anabela Pereira, Sónia Simões, Marina Cunha O164 Development of the first pressure ulcer in inpatient setting: Focus on length of stay Pedro Sardo, Jenifer Guedes, João Lindo, Paulo Machado, Elsa Melo O165 Forms of Self-Criticizing and Self-Reassuring Scale: Adaptation and early findings in a sample of Portuguese children Célia B. Carvalho, Joana Benevides, Marina Sousa, Joana Cabral, Carolina Da Motta O166 Predictive ability of the Perinatal Depression Screening and Prevention Tool – Preliminary results of the dimensional approach Ana T. Pereira, Sandra Xavier, Julieta Azevedo, Elisabete Bento, Cristiana Marques, Rosa Carvalho, Mariana Marques, António Macedo O167 Psychometric properties of the BaSIQS-Basic Scale on insomnia symptoms and quality of sleep, in adults and in the elderly Ana M. Silva, Juliana Alves, Ana A. Gomes, Daniel R. Marques, Mª Helena Azevedo, Carlos Silva O168 Enlightening the human decision in health: The skin melanocytic classification challenge Ana Mendes, Huei D. Lee, Newton Spolaôr, Jefferson T. Oliva, Wu F. Chung, Rui Fonseca-Pinto O169 Test-retest reliability household life study and health questionnaire Pomerode (SHIP-BRAZIL) Keila Bairros, Cláudia D. Silva, Clóvis A. Souza, Silvana S. Schroeder O170 Characterization of sun exposure behaviours among medical students from Nova Medical School Elsa Araújo, Helena Monteiro, Ricardo Costa, Sara S. Dias, Jorge Torgal O171 Spirituality in pregnant women Carolina G. Henriques, Luísa Santos, Elisa F. Caceiro, Sónia A. Ramalho O172 Polypharmacy in older patients with cancer Rita Oliveira, Vera Afreixo, João Santos, Priscilla Mota, Agostinho Cruz, Francisco Pimentel O173 Quality of life of caregivers of people with advanced chronic disease: Translation and validation of the quality of life in life threatening illness - family carer version (QOLLTI-C-PT) Rita Marques, Mª Anjos Dixe, Ana Querido, Patrícia Sousa O174 The psychometric properties of the brief Other as Shamer Scale for Children (OAS-C): preliminary validation studies in a sample of Portuguese children Joana Benevides, Carolina Da Motta, Marina Sousa, Suzana N. Caldeira, Célia B. Carvalho O175 Measuring emotional intelligence in health care students – Revalidation of WLEIS-P Ana Querido, Catarina Tomás, Daniel Carvalho, João Gomes, Marina Cordeiro O176 Health indicators in prenatal assistance: The impact of computerization and of under-production in basic health centres Joyce O. Costa, Frederico C. Valim, Lígia C. Ribeiro O177 Hope genogram: Assessment of resources and interaction patterns in the family of the child with cerebral palsy Zaida Charepe, Ana Querido, Mª Henriqueta Figueiredo O178 The influence of childbirth type in postpartum quality of life Priscila S. Aquino, Samila G. Ribeiro, Ana B. Pinheiro, Paula A. Lessa, Mirna F. Oliveira, Luísa S. Brito, Ítalo N. Pinto, Alessandra S. Furtado, Régia B. Castro, Caroline Q. Aquino, Eveliny S. Martins O179 Women’s beliefs about pap smear test and cervical cancer: influence of social determinants Ana B Pinheiro, Priscila S. Aquino, Lara L. Oliveira, Patrícia C. Pinheiro, Caroline R. Sousa, Vívien A. Freitas, Tatiane M. Silva, Adman S. Lima, Caroline Q. Aquino, Karizia V. Andrade, Camila A. Oliveira, Eglidia F. Vidal O180 Validity of the Portuguese version of the ASI-3: Is anxiety sensitivity a unidimensional or multidimensional construct? Ana Ganho-Ávila, Mariana Moura-Ramos, Óscar Gonçalves, Jorge Almeida O181 Lifestyles of higher education students: the influence of self-esteem and psychological well-being Armando Silva, Irma Brito, João Amado P75 Assessing the quality of life of persons with significant intellectual disability: Portuguese version of Escala de San Martín António Rodrigo, Sofia Santos, Fernando Gomes P76 Childhood obesity and breastfeeding - A systematic review Marlene C. Rosa, Silvana F. Marques P77 Cross-cultural adaptation of the Foot and Ankle Ability Measure (FAAM) for the Portuguese population Sara Luís, Luís Cavalheiro, Pedro Ferreira, Rui Gonçalves P78 Cross-cultural adaptation of the Patient-Rated Wrist Evaluation score (PRWE) for the Portuguese population Rui S. Lopes, Luís Cavalheiro, Pedro Ferreira, Rui Gonçalves P79 Cross-cultural adaptation of the Myocardial Infraction Dimensional Assessment Scale (MIDAS) for Brazilian Portuguese language Bruno H. Fiorin, Marina S. Santos, Edmar S. Oliveira, Rita L. Moreira, Elizabete A. Oliveira, Braulio L. Filho P80 The revised Portuguese version of the Three-Factor Eating Questionnaire: A confirmatory factor analysis Lara Palmeira, Teresa Garcia, José Pinto-Gouveia, Marina Cunha P81 Assessing weight-related psychological inflexibility: An exploratory factor analysis of the AAQW’s Portuguese version Sara Cardoso, Lara Palmeira, Marina Cunha; José Pinto-Gouveia P82 Validation of the Body Appreciation Scale-2 for Portuguese women Joana Marta-Simões, Ana L. Mendes, Inês A. Trindade, Sara Oliveira, Cláudia Ferreira P83 The Portuguese validation of the Dietary Intent Scale Ana L. Mendes, Joana Marta-Simões, Inês A. Trindade, Cláudia Ferreira P84 Construction and validation of the Inventory of Marital Violence (IVC) Filipe Nave P85 Portable continuous blood pressure monitor system Mariana Campos, Iris Gaudêncio, Fernando Martins, Lino Ferreira, Nuno Lopes, Rui Fonseca-Pinto P86 Construction and validation of the Scale of Perception of the Difficulties in Caring for the Elderly (SPDCE) Rogério Rodrigues, Zaida Azeredo, Corália Vicente P87 Development and validation of a comfort rating scale for the elderly hospitalized with chronic illness Joana Silva, Patrícia Sousa, Rita Marques P88 Construction and validation of the Postpartum Paternal Quality of Life Questionnaire (PP-QOL) Isabel Mendes, Rogério Rodrigues, Zaida Azeredo, Corália Vicente P89 Infrared thermal imaging: A tool for assessing diabetic foot ulcers Ricardo Vardasca, Ana R. Marques, Adérito Seixas, Rui Carvalho, Joaquim Gabriel P90 Pressure ulcers in an intensive care unit: An experience report Paulo P. Ferreira, Michelle T. Oliveira, Anderson R. Sousa, Ana S. Maia, Sebastião T. Oliveira, Pablo O. Costa, Maiza M. Silva P91 Validation of figures used in evocations: instrument to capture representations Cristina Arreguy-Sena, Nathália Alvarenga-Martins, Paulo F. Pinto, Denize C. Oliveira, Pedro D. Parreira, Antônio T. Gomes, Luciene M. Braga P92 Telephone assistance to decrease burden in informal caregivers of stroke older people: Monitoring and diagnostic evaluation Odete Araújo, Isabel Lage, José Cabrita, Laetitia Teixeira P93 Hope of informal caregivers of people with chronic and advanced disease Rita Marques, Mª Anjos Dixe, Ana Querido, Patrícia Sousa P94 Functionality and quality information from the Portuguese National Epidemiological Surveillance System Sara Silva, Eugénio Cordeiro, João Pimentel P95 Resting metabolic rate objectively measured vs. Harris and Benedict formula Vera Ferro-Lebres, Juliana A. Souza, Mariline Tavares O182 Characteristics of non-urgent patients: Cross-sectional study of an emergency department Mª Anjos Dixe, Pedro Sousa, Rui Passadouro, Teresa Peralta, Carlos Ferreira, Georgina Lourenço O183 Physical fitness and health in children of the 1st Cycle of Education João Serrano, João Petrica, Rui Paulo, Samuel Honório, Pedro Mendes O184 The impact of physical activity on sleep quality, in children Alexandra Simões, Lucinda Carvalho, Alexandre Pereira O185 What is the potential for using Information and Communication Technologies in Arterial Hypertension self-management? Sara Silva, Paulino Sousa, José M. Padilha O186 Exploring psychosocial factors associated with risk of falling in older patients undergoing haemodialysis Daniela Figueiredo, Carolina Valente, Alda Marques O187 Development of pressure ulcers on the face in patients undergoing non-invasive ventilation Patrícia Ribas, Joana Sousa, Frederico Brandão, Cesar Sousa, Matilde Martins O188 The elder hospitalized: Limiting factors of comfort Patrícia Sousa, Rita Marques O189 Physical activity and health state self-perception by Portuguese adults Francisco Mendes, Rosina Fernandes, Emília Martins, Cátia Magalhães, Patrícia Araújo O190 Satisfaction with social support in the elderly of the district of Bragança Carla Grande, Mª Augusta Mata, Juan G. Vieitez O191 Prevalence of death by traumatic brain injury and associated factors in intensive care unit of a general hospital, Brazil Bruna Bianchini, Nazare Nazario, João G. Filho, Marcia Kretzer O192 Relation between family caregivers burden and health status of elderly dependents Tânia Costa, Armando Almeida, Gabriel Baffour O193 Phenomena sensitive to nursing care in day centre Armando Almeida, Tânia Costa, Gabriel Baffour O194 Frailty: what do the elderly think? Zaida Azeredo, Carlos Laranjeira, Magda Guerra, Ana P. Barbeiro O195 The therapeutic self-care as a nursing-sensitive outcome: A correlational study Regina Ferreira O196 Phonetic-phonological acquisition for the European Portuguese from 18 months to 6 years and 12 months Sara Lopes, Liliana Nunes, Ana Mendes O197 Quality of life of patients undergoing liver transplant surgery Julian Martins, Dulcineia Schneider, Marcia Kretzer, Flávio Magajewski O198 Professional competences in health: views of older people from different European Countries Célia Soares, António Marques O199 Life satisfaction of working adults due to the number of hours of weekly exercise Marco Batista, Ruth J. Castuera, Helena Mesquita, António Faustino, Jorge Santos, Samuel Honório O200 Therapeutic itinerary of women with breast cancer in Santa Maria City/RS Betina P. Vizzotto, Leticia Frigo, Hedioneia F. Pivetta O201 The breastfeeding prevalence at 4 months: Maternal experience as a determining factor Dolores Sardo O202 The impact of the transition to parenthood in health and well-being Cristina Martins, Wilson Abreu, Mª Céu Figueiredo P96 Self-determined motivation and well-being in Portuguese active adults of both genders Marco Batista, Ruth Jimenez-Castuera, João Petrica, João Serrano, Samuel Honório, Rui Paulo, Pedro Mendes P97 The geriatric care: ways and means of comforting Patrícia Sousa, Rita Marques P98 The influence of relative age, subcutaneous adiposity and physical growth on Castelo Branco under-15 soccer players 2015 António Faustino, Paulo Silveira, João Serrano, Rui Paulo, Pedro Mendes, Samuel Honório P99 Data for the diagnostic process focused on self-care – managing medication regime: An integrative literature review Catarina Oliveira, Fernanda Bastos, Inês Cruz P100 Art therapy as mental health promotion for children Cláudia K. Rodriguez, Márcia R. Kretzer, Nazaré O. Nazário P101 Chemical characterization of fungal chitosan for industrial applications Pedro Cruz, Daniela C. Vaz, Rui B. Ruben, Francisco Avelelas, Susana Silva, Mª Jorge Campos P102 The impact of caring older people at home Maria Almeida, Liliana Gonçalves, Lígia Antunes P103 Development of the first pressure ulcer in an inpatient setting: Focus on patients’ characteristics Pedro Sardo, Jenifer Guedes, João Simões, Paulo Machado, Elsa Melo P104 Association between General Self-efficacy and Physical Activity among Adolescents Susana Cardoso, Osvaldo Santos, Carla Nunes, Isabel Loureiro O203 Characterization of the habits of online acquisition of medicinal products in Portugal Flávia Santos, Gilberto Alves O204 Waiting room – A space for health education Cláudia Soar, Teresa O. Marsi O205 Safey culture evaluation in hospitalized children Ernestina Silva, Dora Pedrosa, Andrea Leça, Daniel Silva O206 Sexual Self-awareness and Body Image Ana Galvão, Maria Gomes, Paula Fernandes, Ana Noné O207 Perception of a Portuguese population regarding the acquisition and consumption of functional foods Jaime Combadão, Cátia Ramalhete, Paulo Figueiredo, Patrícia Caeiro O208 The work process in primary health care: evaluation in municipalities of southern Brazil Karine C. Fontana, Josimari T. Lacerda, Patrícia O. Machado O209 Exploration and evaluation of potential probiotic lactic acid bacteria isolated from Amazon buffalo milk Raphaelle Borges, Flávio Barbosa, Dayse Sá O210 Road safety for children: Using children’s observation, as a passenger Germana Brunhoso, Graça Aparício, Amâncio Carvalho O211 Perception and application of quality-by-design by the Pharmaceutical industry in Portugal Ana P. Garcia, Paula O. Fernandes, Adriana Santos O212 Oral health among Portuguese children and adolescents: a public health issue Nélio Veiga, Carina Brás, Inês Carvalho, Joana Batalha, Margarida Glória, Filipa Bexiga, Inês Coelho, Odete Amaral, Carlos Pereira O213 Plant species as a medicinal resource in Igatu-Chapada Diamantina (Bahia, Brazil) Cláudia Pinho, Nilson Paraíso, Ana I. Oliveira, Cristóvão F. Lima, Alberto P. Dias O214 Characterization of cognitive and functional performance in everyday tasks: Implications for health in institutionalised older adults Pedro Silva, Mário Espada, Mário Marques, Ana Pereira O215 BMI and the perception of the importance given to sexuality in obese and overweight people Ana Mª Pereira, Mª Veiga-Branco, Filomena Pereira, Maria Ribeiro O216 Analysis and comparison of microbiological contaminations of two different composition pacifiers Vera Lima, Ana I. Oliveira, Cláudia Pinho, Graça Cruz, Rita F. Oliveira, Luísa Barreiros, Fernando Moreira O217 Experiences of couple relationships in the transition to retirement Ana Camarneiro, Mª Helena Loureiro, Margarida Silva O218 Preventive and corrective treatment of drug-induced calcium deficiency: an analysis in a community pharmacy setting Catarina Duarte, Ângelo Jesus, Agostinho Cruz O219 Profile of mood states in physically active elderly subjects: Is there a relation with health perception? Maria Mota, Sandra Novais, Paulo Nogueira, Ana Pereira, Lara Carneiro, Paulo V. João O220 (Un)Safety behaviour at work: the role of education towards a health and safety culture Teresa Maneca Lima O221 Analysis of the entrepreneurial profile of students attending higher education in Portugal: the Carland Entrepreneurship Index application Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira, Marina Vaquinhas, Pedro Parreira, Rosa Melo, João Graveto, Amélia Castilho, José H. Gomes O222 Evaluation of welfare and quality of life of pregnant working women regarding the age of the pregnant María S. Medina, Valeriana G. Blanco O223 Psychological wellbeing protection among unemployed and temporary workers: Uncovering effective community-based interventions with a Delphi panel Osvaldo Santos, Elisa Lopes, Ana Virgolino, Alexandra Dinis, Sara Ambrósio, Inês Almeida, Tatiana Marques, Mª João Heitor O224 Chilean population norms derived from the Health-related quality of life SF-6D Miguel A. Garcia-Gordillo, Daniel Collado-Mateo, Pedro R. Olivares, José A. Parraça, José A. Sala O225 Motivation of college students toward Entrepreneurship: The influence of social and economic instability Amélia Castilho, João Graveto, Pedro Parreira, Anabela Oliveira, José H. Gomes, Rosa Melo, Marina Vaquinhas O226 Use of aromatic and medicinal plants, drugs and herbal products in Bragança city Mónia Cheio, Agostinho Cruz, Olívia R. Pereira O227 Edible flowers as new novel foods concept for health promotion Sara Pinto, Adriana Oliveira, M. Conceição Manso, Carla Sousa, Ana F. Vinha O228 The influence of leisure activities on the health and welfare of older people living in nursing homes Mª Manuela Machado, Margarida Vieira O229 Risk of falling, fear of falling and functionality in community-dwelling older adults Beatriz Fernandes, Teresa Tomás, Diogo Quirino O230 Musculoskeletal pain and postural habits in children and teenage students Gustavo Desouzart, Rui Matos, Magali Bordini, Pedro Mouroço O231 What's different in Southern Europe? The question of citizens’ participation in health systems Ana R. Matos, Mauro Serapioni O232 Occupational stress in Portuguese police officers Teresa Guimarães, Virgínia Fonseca, André Costa, João Ribeiro, João Lobato O233 Is occupational therapy culturally relevant to promote mental health in Burkina Faso? Inmaculada Z. Martin, Anita Björklund P105 Pay-for-performance satisfaction and quality in primary care Aida I. Tavares, Pedro Ferreira, Rui Passadouro P106 Economic development through life expectancy lenses Sónia Morgado P107 What is the effectiveness of exercise on smoking cessation to prevent clinical complications of smoking? Nuno Tavares, João Valente, Anabela C. Martins P108 A systematic review of the effects of yoga on mental health Patrícia Araújo, Rosina Fernandes, Francisco Mendes, Cátia Magalhães, Emília Martins P109 Healthy lifestyle: comparison between higher education students that lived until adult age in rural and urban environment Pedro Mendes, Rui Paulo, António Faustino, Helena Mesquita, Samuel Honório, Marco Batista P110 Evaluation of the Mobile Emergency Care Service (SAMU) in Brazil Josimari T. Lacerda, Angela B. Ortiga, Mª Cristina Calvo, Sônia Natal P111 Bioactive compounds - antioxidant activity of tropical fruits Marta Pereira P112 Use of non-pharmacological methods to relieve pain in labour Manuela Ferreira, Ana R. Prata, Paula Nelas, João Duarte P113 Mechanical safety of pacifiers sold in Portuguese pharmacies and childcare stores Juliana Carneiro, Ana I. Oliveira, Cláudia Pinho, Cristina Couto, Rita F. Oliveira, Fernando Moreira P114 The importance of prenatal consultation: Information to pregnant women given on a unit of primary care Ana S. Maia, Michelle T. Oliveira, Anderson R. Sousa, Paulo P. Ferreira, Géssica M. Souza, Lívia F. Almada, Milena A. Conceição, Eujcely C. Santiago P115 Influence of different backpack loading conditions on neck and lumbar muscles activity of elementary school children Sandra Rodrigues, Gabriela Domingues, Irina Ferreira, Luís Faria, Adérito Seixas P116 Efficacy and safety of dry extract Hedera helix in the treatment of productive cough Ana R. Costa, Ângelo Jesus, Américo Cardoso, Alexandra Meireles, Armanda Colaço, Agostinho Cruz P117 A portrait of the evaluation processes of education groups in primary health care Viviane L. Vieira, Kellem R. Vincha, Ana Mª Cervato-Mancuso P118 Benefits of vitamins C and E in sensorineural hearing loss: a review Melissa Faria, Cláudia Reis P119 BODY SNAPSHOT – a web-integrated anthropometric evaluation system Marco P. Cova, Rita T. Ascenso, Henrique A. Almeida, Eunice G. Oliveira P120 Anthropometric evaluation and variation during pregnancy Miguel Santana, Rafael Pereira, Eunice G. Oliveira, Henrique A. Almeida, Rita T. Ascenso P121 Knowledge of college students on the amendments of their eating habits and physical activity index in the transition to higher education Rita Jesus, Rodrigo Tapadas, Carolina Tim-Tim, Catarina Cezanne, Matilde Lagoa, Sara S. Dias, Jorge Torgal P122 Muscular activity of a rally race car driver João Lopes, Henrique Almeida, Sandra Amado, Luís Carrão O234 Literacy and results in health Madalena Cunha, Luís Saboga-Nunes, Carlos Albuquerque, Olivério Ribeiro O235 Literacy promotion and empowerment of type 2 diabetics elderly in four family health units of the group of health centers of Dão Lafões Suzete Oliveira, Mª Carminda Morais O236 Mediterranean diet, health and life quality among Portuguese children Emília Martins, Francisco Mendes, Rosina Fernandes, Cátia Magalhães, Patrícia Araújo O237 Health literacy, from data to action - translation, validation and application of the European Health Literacy Survey in Portugal (HLS-EU-PT) Ana R. Pedro, Odete Amaral, Ana Escoval O238 Oral health literacy evaluation in a Portuguese military population Victor Assunção, Henrique Luís, Luís Luís O239 Preferences to Internet-based cognitive behavioural therapy – do attachment orientations matter? Jennifer Apolinário-Hagen, Viktor Vehreschild O240 A comparative transnational study in health literacy between Austria and Portugal Ulrike Fotschl, Gerald Lirk, Anabela C. Martins, Isabel Andrade, Fernando Mendes O241 Health literacy and social behaviours: relationship with sexually transmitted diseases? Verónica Mendonça, Sandra Antunes, Isabel Andrade, Nádia Osório, Ana Valado, Armando Caseiro, António Gabriel, Anabela C. Martins, Fernando Mendes O242 Parenting styles and attachment to parents: what relationships? Paula A. Silva, Lisete M. Mónico, Pedro M. Parreira, Carla Carvalho O243 Work-life balance in health professionals and professors: comparative study of workers with shift work and fixed schedule Carla Carvalho, Pedro M. Parreira, Lisete M. Mónico, Joana Ruivo O244 Technology literacy in self-management of diabetes Vânia Silva, Paulino Sousa, José M. Padilha O245 Satisfaction with therapeutic education and its relationship with clinical variables in children with type 1 diabetes Vera Ferraz, Graça Aparício, João Duarte O246 Nutrition-related knowledge in middle-age and older patients with type 2 diabetes Carlos Vasconcelos, António Almeida, Joel Neves, Telma Correia, Helena Amorim, Romeu Mendes O247 Validating the HLS-EU-(PT) questionnaire to measure health literacy in adolescents (CrAdLiSa project: HLS-EU-PT) Luís Saboga-Nunes, Madalena Cunha, Carlos Albuquerque O248 Health education in people with coronary heart disease: Experience of the cardiology department of a hospital on the outskirts of Lisbon Elsa S. Pereira, Leonino S. Santos, Ana S. Reis, Helena R. Silva, João Rombo, Jorge C. Fernandes, Patrícia Fernandes O249 Information and training needs of informal caregivers of individuals with stroke sequelae: a qualitative survey Jaime Ribeiro, Catarina Mangas, Ana Freire O250 Prevention of psychoactive substances consumption in students from 6th grade of Albergaria-a-Velha´s School Group Sara Silva, Irene Francisco, Ana Oliveira O251 Promoting healthy sexuality: shared responsibility for family, youth and educators Helena Catarino, Mª Anjos Dixe, Mª Clarisse Louro O252 Sexual risk behaviour in adolescents and young people Saudade Lopes, Anjos Dixe O253 Knowledge of school staff on type 1 diabetes Mª Anjos Dixe, Eva Menino, Helena Catarino, Fátima Soares, Ana P. Oliveira, Sara Gordo, Teresa Kraus O254 Sexual health in adolescents: the impact of information search in literacy Catarina Tomás, Paulo Queirós, Teresa Rodrigues P123 Improving basic life support skills in adolescents through a training programme Pedro Sousa, João G. Frade, Catarina Lobão P124 Difficulties in sexual education reported by basic education teachers in the city of Foz do Iguaçu - Brazil Cynthia B. Moura, Laysa C. Dreyer, Vanize Meneghetti, Priscila P. Cabral P125 Breast cancer survivors: subjects and resources for information. A qualitative systematic review Francisca Pinto, Paulino Sousa, Mª Raquel Esteves P126 Relationship between health literacy and prevalence of STI in Biomedical Laboratory Science students Sofia Galvão, Ite Tytgat, Isabel Andrade, Nádia Osório, Ana Valado, Armando Caseiro, António Gabriel, Anabela C. Martins, Fernando Mendes P127 Health literacy, risk behaviours and sexually transmitted diseases among blood donors Mónica Casas-Novas, Helena Bernardo, Isabel Andrade, Gracinda Sousa, Ana P. Sousa, Clara Rocha, Pedro Belo, Nádia Osório, Ana Valado, Armando Caseiro, António Gabriel, Anabela C. Martins, Fernando Mendes P128 Promoting literacy in pregnancy health-care Fátima Martins, Montserrat Pulido-Fuentes P129 The lifestyles of the operating assistants of education Isabel Barroso, Gil Cabral, M. João Monteiro, Conceição Rainho P130 Experiences of service-learning health and the literary art: reflections about the health education Alessandro Prado, Yara M. Carvalho P131 Life long swimming – a European Erasmus + project Maria Campos, Liliana Moreira, José Ferreira, Ana Teixeira, Luís Rama
Energy density of the diet, food volume and energy intake by age and sex in a healthy population.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the changes in energy intake (EI), food intake volume (FV) and energy density (ED) related to age and gender in a population in the Mediterranean area of Spain, and to determine the different role of FV and ED on the consecution of the adequate EI throughout lifespan. SUBJECTS: One thousand and eighty-eight individuals (1-65 y) randomly selected from the population census. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study in which food intake was quantified by 24 h dietary recall, three non-consecutive days. Height and weight measurements were taken in 885 individuals. RESULTS: EI, FV and ED increased progressively (P < 0.001) between 1-2 y and 10-12 y of age in both sexes. At 1-2 y the EI is 5.8+/-1.5 MJ/d, FV 1195+/-275 g/d and ED 4.8+/-0.9 kJ/g. Between 1-2 and 3-4 y, coinciding with an EI that increased up to 7.2+/-1.5 MJ/d, there was an increase in ED up to 6.1+/-0.8 kJ/g (P < 0.001), while the FV did not vary significantly. At the start of puberty, between 7-9 and 10-12 y, when the EI increased to 9.7+/-0.9 MJ/d (P < 0.001) in males, the ED rose to 7.1+/-0.9 kJ/g (P < 0.001) while the FV did not vary significantly. At this age, a significant difference between the genders was observed in the EI (P = 0.04), and in the ED (P = 0.02) but not, as yet, in the FV. During adulthood, a significant trend towards decrease (P < 0.001 in both sexes) was observed in EI and ED. However, FV decreased significantly only in females. CONCLUSIONS: The changes in energy intake that were observed with respect to age and gender were accommodated-for by changes in the ED of the diet rather than by variations in food volume intake. Autoregulation of the ED of the diet, sufficient for energy intake requirement changes, appears to be an essential human capacity for efficient nutrition.
Risk Factors for Coronary Heart Disease Among Lebanese Women: A Case-Control Study.; PURPOSE: Women are increasingly concerned by coronary heart disease (CHD), with peculiarities of their own, particularly concerning risk factors. The aim of the study was to assess the risk factors for CHD in Lebanese women over forty. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A case-control study was carried out in 6 hospitals in Beirut and Mount-Lebanon, from December 2018 to December 2019 including 1500 patients (1200 controls and 300 cases). Women were stratified into pre- and post-menopausal groups. Personal and medical data were collected from hospital records and during an interview where validated questionnaires were used. Binary logistic regressions were performed to investigate potential predictors of CHD in the 2 groups. RESULTS: In post-menopausal women, dyslipidemia (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 3.018; 95% confidence interval, 2.102-4.332), hypertension (aOR: 2.449, [1.386-4.327]), a family history of CHD (aOR: 2.724, [1.949-3.808]), cigarette smoking (aOR: 2.317, [1.574-3.410]) and common non-rheumatic joint pain (aOR: 1.457, [1.053-2.016]) were strongly associated with CHD. Conversely, living in Mount Lebanon seemed protective, compared to Beirut (aOR: 0.589, [0.406-0.854]), as well as having a moderate monthly income (aOR: 0.450, [0.220-0.923]), adhering to a Mediterranean diet (aOR: 0.965, [0.936-0.994]), and practicing physical activity [PA] (aOR: 0.396, [0.206-0.759] and 0.725, [0.529-0.992], respectively for high and moderate vs low PA). In pre-menopausal women, dyslipidemia (aOR: 6.938, [1.835-26.224]), hypertension (aOR: 6.195, [1.318-29.119]), family histories of dyslipidemia (aOR: 6.143, [1.560-24.191]) and CHD (aOR: 4.739, [1.336-16.805]) reached statistical significance. CONCLUSION: The identification of factors associated with CHD in women, some of which are frequent and trivialized in post-menopause, underlines the need to put in place specific and dedicated CHD prevention strategies in women.
Host-Associated Bacterial Succession during the Early Embryonic Stages and First Feeding in Farmed Gilthead Sea Bream (Sparusaurata).; One of the most widely reared fish in the Mediterranean Sea is Sparus aurata. The succession of S. aurata whole-body microbiota in fertilized eggs, five, 15, 21 and 71 days post hatch (dph) larvae and the contribution of the rearing water and the provided feed (rotifers, Artemia sp. and commercial diet) to the host's microbiota was investigated by 454 pyrosequencing of the 16S rRNA gene diversity. In total, 1917 bacterial operational taxonomic units (OTUs) were found in all samples. On average, between 93 ± 2.1 and 366 ± 9.2 bacterial OTUs per sample were found, with most of them belonging to Proteobacteria and Bacteroidetes. Ten OTUs were shared between all S. aurata stages and were also detected in the rearing water or diet. The highest OTU richness occurred at the egg stage and the lowest at the yolk sac stage (5 dph). The rearing water and diet microbial communities contributed in S. aurata microbiota without overlaps in their microbial composition and structure. The commercial diet showed higher contribution to the S. aurata microbiota than the rearing water. After stage D71 the observed microbiota showed similarities with that of adult S. aurata as indicated by the increased number of OTUs associated with γ-Proteobacteria and Firmicutes.
Effects of diet and host access on fecundity and lifespan in two fruit fly species with different life history patterns.; The reproductive ability of female tephritids can be limited and prevented by denying access to host plants and restricting the dietary precursors of vitellogenesis. The mechanisms underlying the delayed egg production in each case are initiated by different physiological processes that are anticipated to have dissimilar effects on lifespan and reproductive ability later in life. The egg laying abilities of laboratory reared females of the Mediterranean fruit fly (Ceratitis capitata Wiedmann) and melon fly (Bactrocera cucurbitae Coquillett) from Hawaii are delayed or suppressed by limiting access to host fruits and dietary protein. In each case, this is expected to prevent the loss of lifespan associated with reproduction until protein or hosts are introduced. Two trends are observed in each species: Firstly, access to protein at eclosion leads to a greater probability of survival and higher reproductive ability than if it is delayed, and secondly, that delayed host access reduces lifetime reproductive ability without improving life expectancy. When host access and protein availability are delayed, the rate of reproductive senescence is reduced in the medfly, whereas the rate of reproductive senescence is generally increased in the melon fly. Overall, delaying reproduction lowers the fitness of females by constraining their fecundity for the remainder of the lifespan without extending the lifespan.
Age-specific mortality and reproduction respond to adult dietary restriction in Drosophila melanogaster.; Adult dietary yeast modulates mortality rate and reproduction of the Mediterranean fruit fly, Ceratatis capitata. In the medfly, a sugar-only diet leads to low mortality rates and reduced reproduction; addition of dietary yeast increases both mortality and egg laying. In Drosophila melanogaster low availability of dietary yeast is known to increase life span and reduce the rate of reproduction. Despite these similarities, because of differences in experimental design it remains unclear whether a common physiological mechanism modulates the effect of diet on survival. Here, we investigate how mortality rate and reproduction in D. melanogaster respond to the treatment regime used to study the medfly: no-yeast versus full diet. We find that adult medfly and D. melanogaster have opposite responses to the absence of yeast: D. melanogaster have high mortality when on no-yeast diet; when switched to full diet, D. melanogaster reduce mortality rates to the level presented by females continuously maintained on yeast. This reduction in mortality is accompanied by increased fecundity. These patterns are observed in all tested wildtype stocks, but flies made sterile by mutation in the gene oo18 RNA-binding protein (orb) lack this response. D. melanogaster, unlike medflies, appear to require adult dietary yeast to maintain maximal survival, and the capacity to assimilate yeast for somatic processes is one wildtype function of the gene orb.
The nutraceutical response of two globe artichoke cultivars to contrasting NPK fertilizer regimes.; Globe artichoke contributes to the healthiness of the Mediterranean diet, but its nutraceutical value in response to its agronomy has not been investigated in any detail to date. Here, the effect of two contrasting fertilizer regimes (one balanced and the other excessive) on the sugar, ascorbic acid and total polyphenol content, the polyphenol profile and the antioxidant activity of the two cultivars 'Apollo' and 'Tema 2000' were monitored in plants grown in three locations in Sicily ('Landolina', 'Iannarello' and 'Zotto'), which contrasted for soil type. The balanced fertilizer regime favored the content of sucrose, inulin, ascorbic acid and polyphenols (in particular that of 1,5-di- and 5-O-caffeoylquinic acid, along with apigenin 7-O-glucuronide). It was also more supportive of a high antioxidant activity. There was a pronounced cultivar and trial location effect, especially in terms of the accumulation of antioxidant compounds. Plants grown at 'Landolina' responded more strongly than at the other two locations to the fertilizer regime with respect to both ascorbic acid and total polyphenol content. The conclusion was that providing a balanced supply of nitrogen/phosphorus/potassium (NPK) via fertilizer application can enhance the nutraceutical value of globe artichoke, although the effect is modulated by both genetic factors and soil type.
The Alignment of Recommendations of Dietary Guidelines with Sustainability Aspects: Lessons Learned from Italy's Example and Proposals for Future Development.; The main objective of this paper is to describe the process of the inclusion of sustainability in the Italian Dietary Guidelines (IDGs). In the IDGs' sustainability chapter, particular emphasis was put on the selection of foods, recommending a plant-based diet with a large quota of vegetable proteins. Advice was also given on the selection of local seasonal products, with low growth input, such as fertilizers, artificial light and heating. Reduction of animal food was recommended, to be substituted with lower impact foods (poultry, milk, eggs and Mediterranean fish including aquaculture). Food waste was largely addressed. Recommendations were made for food purchase planning, food storage and the reuse of leftovers as strategies to reduce waste and save money. The IDGs sustainability recommendations were related to the 16 guiding principles of a sustainable healthy diet and their contribution to the achievement of the Sustainable Developing Goals was provided. The inclusion of sustainability in dietary guidelines requires a multidisciplinary approach to cover the wide range of aspects of a sustainable diet. In the IDGs, it was possible to show that practical recommendations for improving sustainability behavior can be passed on to consumers. Methodological aspects for developing recommendations are not definitive.
Rearing two fruit flies pests on artificial diet with variable pH.; Fruit flies (Diptera: Tephritidae) are considered the main fruit pests worldwide. In Brazil, two species are predominant: the South American fruit fly, Anastrepha fraterculus and the Mediterranean fruit fly, Ceratitis capitata. In this study, we evaluated the effect of artificial diets with variable pH in their larval development and adult performance. The experiments were carried out in the laboratory at 25 ± 2 °C, 70 ± 10% RH and 12:12h (L:D) photoperiod. Semisolid diets with pH values of 6.0, 5.0, 4.0, 3.0, 2.0, 1.5, and 1.0, adjusted by adding hydrochloric acid were tested. Results indicated that the diet with pH 6.0 did not support larval development of both species of fruit fly. Diets with greater acidic pH values did not allow egg, larvae or pupae development and adult reproduction of A. fraterculus. For C. capitata , the pH of artificial diet exerts greater influence compared to A. fraterculus on the duration and viability of the larval stage, number of pupae, sex ratio and longevity of males.
Evaluation of Artemia franciscana Cysts to Improve Diets for Mass Rearing Stethorus gilvifrons, a Predator of Tetranychus turkestani.; Stethorus&nbsp;gilvifrons is an acarophagous coccinellid distributed in the Mediterranean region and could potentially be mass-reared for the augmentative biological control of Tetranychus&nbsp;turkestani and related species on crop plants. The hypothesis that brine shrimp Artemia&nbsp;franciscana cysts can improve diets for rearing of S. gilvifrons was tested in laboratory experiments. The diet treatments included A. franciscana cysts (D1), A. franciscana cysts plus a vitamin B complex (D2), A. franciscana cysts plus date palm pollen (D3), and A. franciscana cysts plus date palm pollen and Ephestia&nbsp;kuehniella eggs (D4). The results indicated that D1 did not support immature development. D2 supported egg-larval development but not pupal-adult development. Both D3 and D4 supported development to the adult stage and reproduction. However, D4 was the most effective diet, determined by observations of S. gilvifrons oviposition behavior and fecundity. A life table analysis corroborated these results; an intrinsic rate of increase, net and gross reproductive rates, and mean generation time were best for S. gilvifrons fed D4 rather than D3. A mixed diet composed of A. franciscana cysts, date palm pollen, and E. kuehniella eggs can be used to mass rear S. gilvifrons.
Nutritional quality of Drosophila melanogaster as factitious prey for rearing the predatory bug Orius majusculus.; The predatory bug, Orius majusculus (Reuter), is an important predator of thrips commercially produced for augmentative releases using the eggs of the Mediterranean flour moth Ephestia kuehniella (Zeller). In this study, we assessed the potential for using frozen adults of fruit flies, Drosophila melanogaster (Meigen), either as nymphal rearing diet or as diet throughout the entire life-cycle. We compared life-history traits and reproduction of predators when fed D. melanogaster with high lipid body content (lipid-rich) and with high protein body content (protein-rich), using a diet of 100% E. kuehniella eggs as control. We also analyzed the biochemical composition of both prey and predator in order to assess the nutritional quality of each diet, which partially explained the adequacy of the different diets for O. majusculus. There were significant differences between predators fed the two types of D. melanogaster, with the protein-rich flies as diet providing the best results in terms of mortality and fecundity. Furthermore, we show that while feeding O. majusculus throughout their development with D. melanogaster increases mortality and reduces reproduction, protein-rich D. melanogaster can be used as nymphal diet with minimal reduction in reproductivity and minimal increase in mortality.
Animal v. plant foods in human diets and health: is the historical record unequivocal?; An ideal diet is one that promotes optimal health and longevity. Throughout history, human societies have developed varieties of dietary patterns based on available food plants and animals that successfully supported growth and reproduction. As economies changed from scarcity to abundance, principal diet-related diseases have shifted from nutrient deficiencies to chronic diseases related to dietary excesses. This shift has led to increasing scientific consensus that eating more plant foods but fewer animal foods would best promote health. This consensus is based on research relating dietary factors to chronic disease risks, and to observations of exceptionally low chronic disease rates among people consuming vegetarian, Mediterranean and Asian diets. One challenge to this consensus is the idea that palaeolithic man consumed more meat than currently recommended, and that this pattern is genetically determined. If such exists, a genetic basis for ideal proportions of plant or animal foods is difficult to determine; hominoid primates are largely vegetarian, current hunter-gatherer groups rely on foods that can be obtained most conveniently, and the archeological record is insufficient to determine whether plants or animals predominated. Most evidence suggests that a shift to largely plant-based diets would reduce chronic disease risks among industrialized and rapidly-industrializing populations. The accomplish this shift, it will be necessary to overcome market-place barriers and to develop new policies that will encourage greater consumption of fruits, vegetables and grains as a means to promote public health.
Dietary Folate Intake and Folic Acid Supplements among Pregnant Women from Southern Italy: Evidence from the "Mamma & Bambino" Cohort.; Folate requirement among women who plan to become pregnant should be raised to 600 μg/day during the periconceptional period. To meet this need, several countries began to promote the use of folic acid supplements before and during pregnancy. Here, we investigated prevalence and determinants of dietary folate intake and folic acid supplement use among 397 pregnant women (aged 15-50 years old, median = 37 years old). We also investigated their effects on neonatal outcomes in a subgroup of women who completed pregnancy. For doing that, we used data from the "Mamma & Bambino" project, an ongoing mother-child cohort settled in Catania (Italy). Inadequate folate intake was evaluated using a Food Frequency Questionnaire and defined as an intake < 600 μg/day. Women were also classified as non-users (i.e., women who did not use folic acid supplements), insufficient users (i.e., women who did not take folic acid supplements as recommended), and recommended users of folic acid supplements. Neonatal outcomes of interest were preterm birth (PTB) and small for gestational age (SGA). Nearly 65% of women (n = 257) reported inadequate folate intake, while 74.8% and 22.4% were respectively classified as insufficient or recommended users of supplements. We demonstrated higher odds of inadequate folate intake among smoking women (OR = 1.457; 95%CI = 1.046-2.030; p = 0.026), those who followed dietary restrictions (OR = 2.180; 95%CI = 1.085-4.378; p = 0.029), and those with low adherence to the Mediterranean Diet (OR = 3.194; 95%CI = 1.958-5.210; p < 0.001). In a subsample of 282 women who completed pregnancy, we also noted a higher percentage of SGA among those with inadequate folate intake (p < 0.001). Among 257 women with inadequate folate intake, those with low educational level were more likely to not take folic acid supplements than their more educated counterpart (OR = 5.574; 95%CI = 1.487-21.435; p = 0.012). In a subsample of 184 women with inadequate folate intake and complete pregnancy, we observed a higher proportion of SGA newborns among women who did not take supplement before pregnancy and those who did not take at all (p = 0.009). We also noted that the proportion of PTB was higher among non-users and insufficient users of folic acid supplements, but difference was not statistically significant. Our study underlined the need for improving the adherence of pregnant women with recommendations for dietary folate intake and supplement use. Although we proposed a protective effect of folic acid supplement use on risk of SGA, further research is encouraged to corroborate our findings and to investigate other factors involved.
Shepherding the past: High-resolution data on Neolithic Southern Iberian livestock management at Cueva de El Toro (Antequera, Málaga).; The feeding strategies of the first domesticated herds had to manage the risks arising from the novelty of livestock practices in territories often distant from the animals' primary habitats. The Iberian Peninsula is characterised by a great diversity of environments, which undoubtedly influenced these dynamics. At the beginning of the Neolithic period these led the possibility to combine diverse livestock farming practices based on different animal feeding habits. This variability is also consistent with the rythms of adoption of domesticated animals, being later on the northern area. In order to address this issue, this work focuses on the dietary regimes of early sheep herds from southern Iberia, an area for which information is currently scarce. This study utilises high-resolution radiocarbon dating and stable isotope data on teeth to investigate sheep husbandry management strategies in Cueva de El Toro (Antequera, Málaga). The radiocarbon dates on the analysed remains evidenced they were deposited at the site over a short period, supporting the recurrent use of the cave. The sequential analysis of oxygen and carbon isotopes in tooth enamel reveals distinct livestock management strategies, reproduction patterns, feeding habits, and mobility during this short period. This variability demonstrates that livestock management practices in the western Mediterranean are more diverse than previously considered. Furthermore, these findings support the hypothesis that early Neolithic communities in the southern Iberian Peninsula were able to adopt different feeding strategies within the same herd, depending on their ecological and productive needs.
The influence of the toxin-producing dinoflagellate, Alexandrium catenella, on feeding, reproduction and toxin retention in Calanus helgolandicus.; Copepods of the genus Calanus dominate the biomass of pelagic ecosystems from the Mediterranean Sea up into the Arctic Ocean and form an important link between phytoplankton and higher trophic levels. Impacts from toxin-producing harmful algae (HA) have been recorded throughout this region over the last 50 years, with potentially negative effects on Calanus spp. populations and the ecosystem functions and services they provide. Here we examine how ingestion, egg-production and egg-viability in Calanus helgolandicus are affected by the relative abundance of the toxin-producing dinoflagellate Alexandrium catenella in their diet. Our four-day experiments demonstrate that the ingestion rate of C. helgolandicus declined significantly as the percentage of toxin-producing A. catenella within their diet increased, whereas egg production and egg viability were unaffected. Toxin profile concentrations for A. catenella are presented alongside body toxin-loads in C. helgolandicus after 4 days of feeding on these cells. The body toxin concentrations of C. helgolandicus were 3.6-356.6 pg STX diHCl eq. copepod(-1), approximately 0.02-3.3 % of the toxins ingested. Our work suggests that the effects of exposure to A. catenella may be negligible in the short-term but could manifest if bloom conditions persist for longer than our experimental duration.
Supporting the extensive dairy sheep smallholders of the semi-arid region of Crete through technical intervention.; The objective of this field study was to depict the extensive system of dairy sheep farming in the semi-arid environment of the island of Crete and to assess the potential margins of improvement through technical intervention. Forty-three family-run farms keeping a total of 13,870 sheep were surveyed in seven representative areas of the island. Several parameters were dealt with, concerning socio-economy, flock management and productivity. Study areas differed widely regarding feeds supplied per sheep, land cultivated for feeds, grazing land utilized and housing space. A range of parameters were recorded on flock size and their production characteristics such as births, fertility and number of lambs weaned. Milk yield and parameters associated with milk quality, such as somatic cell counts and total microbial flora, were also recorded. Technical intervention was directed towards removal of non-productive animals, programming of matings, balancing of diets, management of grazing lands and health care. Ewe fertility and numbers of lambs weaned per ewe, as well as harvested milk and milk quality (based on somatic cell counts and microbial load of milk) were also significantly improved. Information derived from this study stresses the important role of extension services to small farm sustainability and contributes to our knowledge of the dairy sheep farming systems in countries around the Mediterranean and elsewhere.
Sex-Specific Sub-Lethal Effects and Immune Response in Ceratitis capitata Wied. (Diptera: Tephritidae) Challenged with Spinosad.; The main objective of this study was to investigate the effects of the insecticidal compound spinosad on the survival, reproduction, and immune functions of the Mediterranean fruit fly. The lethal and sub-lethal effects were determined on Ceratitis capitata Wied. (Diptera: Tephritidae) challenged with different concentrations of spinosad. A median lethal concentration of 0.28 ppm was observed on flies feeding for 5 days on a treated diet. A significant and concentration-dependent decrease in fecundity, egg hatch rate, and lifespan was also detected in treated compared with control flies. Gene expression analyses conducted on treated insects by RT-qPCR revealed an immunomodulatory action of sub-lethal concentrations of spinosad. Target transcripts included several genes involved in medfly immunity and male or female reproductive functions. While a significant upregulation was detected in treated males a short time after spinosad ingestion, most target genes were downregulated in treated females. Our study confirmed the high toxicity of spinosad to C. capitata, highlighting an indirect effect on insect lifespan and reproductive performance at sub-lethal doses. In addition to defining the acute and sub-lethal toxicity of spinosad against the fly, this study provides new insights on the interaction of this compound with insect physiology.
Effects of Chickpea in Substitution of Soybean Meal on Milk Production, Blood Profile and Reproductive Response of Primiparous Buffaloes in Early Lactation.; This study aimed to evaluate the effects of the use of chickpea meal in substitution of soybean meal on plasma metabolites, reproductive response, milk yield and composition and milk coagulation traits of primiparous buffaloes in early lactation. Eighteen primiparous buffaloes were blocked by age, body weight and days in milk and equally allotted to two experimental groups from 10 to 100 days of lactation. The experimental diets consisted of the same forage integrated with two different isonitrogenous and isoenergetic concentrates containing either 210 g/kg of soybean meal or 371 g/kg chickpea. The use of chickpea meal had no negative effects on dry matter intake (p = 0.69), body condition score (p = 0.33) and milk yield (p = 0.15). Neither milk composition nor blood metabolites were influenced by dietary treatments (p > 0.05), but an increment of urea concentrations in milk (p < 0.05) and blood plasma (p < 0.001) were observed in buffaloes fed chickpeas. Moreover, no effect (p > 0.05) of the dietary treatment was highlighted on milk coagulation traits as well as buffalo reproductive responses. We concluded that soybean meal can be replaced by chickpea meal in the diet for primiparous dairy buffaloes in the early lactation period without impairing their productive and reproductive performance.
Food and feeding in Northern krill (Meganyctiphanes norvegica Sars).; Early feeding studies on Meganyctiphanes norvegica described the morphology of the feeding appendages and the actual process of food uptake and digestion. Insights into diurnal, seasonal and ontogenetic pattern in feeding activity and diet were derived from field studies on the Clyde Sea population. Since then, technical advances have confirmed some of the early assumptions and rejected others. Submersible, remotely operated vehicles and echosounders, for instance, proved that M. norvegica stay often close to the seabed and feed on particles in the epibenthic layer and sediment-water interface. Scanning electron microscopy showed that mandibles of the so-called carnivorous M. norvegica have an elaborated grinding region, which allows efficient feeding on diatoms. Three-dimensional silhouette video imaging revealed mechanoreception, not vision, as the main sensory modality involved in proximity prey detection by M. norvegica. Fatty acid analysis and stomach content microscopy have now been conducted on M. norvegica across a range of environments including the Gulf of Maine, Greenland Sea, Barents Sea, Scandinavian fjords, the Kattegat and Mediterranean Sea. Regional and seasonal differences in the trophic environment are reflected in their daily ration and in the relative importance of copepods versus phytoplankton in their diet. Overall, phytoplankton is an important food source for M. norvegica during the spring bloom and part of the summer, but copepods are dominant in autumn and winter. Depending on their vertical co-occurrence, M. norvegica can feed on a range of copepods from early stages of Oithona spp. up to adult Calanus spp. There are clear ontogenetic differences in diet, with adults feeding more on copepods and benthic food items than early post-larvae. Future studies should link diet to simultaneously measured growth and reproduction and emphasise comparison across the spectrum of environments inhabited by this versatile species.
Trends in lipid and protein contents during medfly aging: an harmonic path to death.; Survival and egg-laying trends were investigated in Mediterranean fruit flies (Ceratitis capitata) adults maintained on a sucrose-only diet, or on a full diet that consisted of a 3:1 sucrose and yeast hydrolizate mixture. In addition, we followed the total individual lipid and protein contents of aging flies in a cohort. Survival trends and life expectancy parameters at eclosion for males and females on full diet and for males on sucrose only were very similar. In contrast, the mortality of females on sucrose only was high early in life, but then slowed down. Egg-laying was ten times greater in female flies on full diet than in flies on sucrose only. Lipid contents in males and females on both types of diets were very similar, and harmonically oscillated with an amplitude of approximately 10 days. Successive crests of lipids tended to be smaller with the ageing of the cohort, and lipids contents significantly dropped at very advanced ages and close to the maximal age of the whole cohort. Protein contents of flies maintained on a full diet were high and stayed at a constant level throughout the entire life of the cohort. Protein levels in males and females on sucrose only dropped drastically during the first days of adult life, but then stayed stable at a low level until advanced ages. We propose that the synchronous rhythmic oscillation in lipid contents of male and female flies seems to be independently set by an internal clock. Protein reserves are allocated according to the access to protein food sources and these levels of protein are closely associated to egg production and mortality. Our results are discussed in view of resource allocation during reproduction and senescence.
Dietary intakes of elite female athletes in Greece.; BACKGROUND: Although there is a great interest in sports in Greece, there are very few data regarding dietary intakes and habits of Greek elite female athletes. The present study assesses the dietary intakes and the energy balance of elite female athletes of four different sports (volleyball, middle distance running, ballet dancing, and swimming) and a non-athletic control group. METHODS: Data were collected over two seasons, the training and the competitive, using 7-day weighed dietary records. Energy expenditure was calculated from 7-day activity records. Anthropometric measurements were also taken for all athletes. RESULTS: Athletes and controls had similar BMI values. Per cent body fat was lower for athletes compared with controls. Between sports, middle distance runners had the lowest per cent body fat. No significant differences were found between mean energy intake of athletes and controls. Mean energy intake was found lower than calculated energy expenditure, for all four teams. Macronutrient and micronutrient intakes of the athletes were not statistically different from those of the non-athletic control group. Mean micronutrient intakes were found above the recommended values with the exception of iron. Both athletes and controls had a high intake of vitamin C that is a characteristic of the population of the Mediterranean countries. CONCLUSIONS: Energy intakes varied between sports and between athletes of the same sport. Calculated energy expenditure was higher from the reported energy intake for most athletes. Athletes with the lowest energy intakes reported menstrual abnormalities.
Differences in the Diets of Female and Male Red Deer: The Meaning for Sexual Segregation.; Sexual segregation is a common phenomenon among animals, particularly dimorphic ones. Although widely addressed, the reasons and consequences of sexual segregation are still an important topic in need of better understanding. In this study, we mainly evaluate the diet composition and feeding behaviour of animals, which are related to the use of different habitats by the sexes, a special case of sexual segregation also termed habitat segregation. Sexually size dimorphic males and females often have different energetic and nutritional needs and, thus, different diets. We collected fresh faecal samples from wild Iberian red deer (Cervus elaphus L.) in Portugal. Samples were analysed in terms of diet composition and quality. As expected, both sexes differed in their diet composition, with males eating more arboreous species than females, but this difference was affected by sampling periods. Diet composition of both sexes had the biggest differences (and the lowest overlap) in spring, which corresponds to the end of gestation and beginning of birth. These differences might be a consequence of the sexual body size dimorphism characteristic of this species, as well as of different needs due to different reproductive costs. No differences regarding the quality of the excreted diet were observed. Our results may help to understand some patterns of sexual segregation observed in this red deer population. However, besides foraging ecology, other factors may also be contributing to sexual segregation in this Mediterranean population of red deer, and further studies focusing on sexual differences regarding feeding behaviour and digestibility are needed.
Association Between Lifestyle Changes, Mammographic Breast Density, and Breast Cancer.; In screening for breast cancer (BC), mammographic breast density (MBD) is a powerful risk factor that increases breast carcinogenesis and synergistically reduces the sensitivity of mammography. It also reduces specificity of lesion identification, leading to recalls, additional testing, and delayed and later-stage diagnoses, which result in increased health care costs. These findings provide the foundation for dense breast notification laws and lead to the increase in patient and provider interest in MBD. However, unlike other risk factors for BC, MBD is dynamic through a woman's lifetime and is modifiable. Although MBD is known to change as a result of factors such as reproductive history and hormonal status, few conclusions have been reached for lifestyle factors such as alcohol, diet, physical activity, smoking, body mass index (BMI), and some commonly used medications. Our review examines the emerging evidence for the association of modifiable factors on MBD and the influence of MBD on BC risk. There are clear associations between alcohol use and menopausal hormone therapy and increased MBD. Physical activity and the Mediterranean diet lower the risk of BC without significant effect on MBD. Although high BMI and smoking are known risk factors for BC, they have been found to decrease MBD. The influence of several other factors, including caffeine intake, nonhormonal medications, and vitamins, on MBD is unclear. We recommend counseling patients on these modifiable risk factors and using this knowledge to help with informed decision making for tailored BC prevention strategies.
Development and reproduction of Adalia bipunctata (Coleoptera: Coccinellidae) on eggs of Ephestia kuehniella (Lepidoptera: Phycitidae) and pollen.; Due to growing criticism over the use of non-indigenous coccinellids, the two-spot ladybird, Adalia bipunctata (L.), has enjoyed increasing attention for aphid biocontrol in Europe. In the current study, eggs of the Mediterranean flour moth, Ephestia kuehniella Zeller, whether or not supplemented with bee pollen, were evaluated as a factitious food for larvae and adults of A. bipunctata. The predator showed slower larval development and lower survival when reared on live pea aphids, Acyrthosiphon pisum (Harris), than on E. kuehniella eggs. Survival on gamma-irradiated eggs of E. kuehniella was superior to that on frozen flour moth eggs, but other developmental characteristics were similar. Adults of A. bipunctata reared on Ac. pisum were only half as fecund as those offered irradiated or frozen E. kuehniella eggs, but egg hatch was markedly better on live aphids than on flour moth eggs (61 versus 20-27%, respectively). However, when a diet of flour moth eggs was supplemented with frozen moist bee pollen, egg hatch of A. bipunctata was equally as good as on live aphids. Supplementing flour moth eggs with dry pollen did not yield satisfactory results. Only 10% of larvae reached adulthood on moist bee pollen alone and resulting adults weighed less than half as much as those obtained on flour moth eggs. Our findings indicate that A. bipunctata is able to compensate for a suboptimal diet of animal prey by supplementary feeding on flower pollen. It is concluded that pollinivory may be a crucial trait for both the rearing of this natural enemy and its use in biological control programmes.
Larval Diet Affects Male Pheromone Blend in a Laboratory Strain of the Medfly, Ceratitis capitata (Diptera: Tephritidae).; The Mediterranean fruit fly (medfly) Ceratitis capitata is a polyphagous pest of fruits and crops with a worldwide distribution. Its ability to use different larval hosts may have multiple effects, including impacts on adult reproductive biology. The male sex pheromone, which plays a key role in attracting both other males to lekking arenas and females for mating, is a mixture of chemical compounds including esters, acids, alkanes and terpenes known to differ between laboratory strains and wild-type populations. The relationship between larval diet and adult pheromone composition remains unexplored. Here, we investigated the effect of larval diet, including laboratory media and fresh fruits, on the composition of the male pheromone mixture. Using Headspace Solid Phase Microextraction we collected the pheromone emitted by males reared as larvae on different substrates and found both qualitative and quantitative differences. A number of alkanes appeared to be typical of the pheromone of males reared on wheat bran-based larval medium, and these may be cuticular hydrocarbons involved in chemical communication. We also detected differences in pheromone composition related to adult male age, suggesting that variations in hormonal levels and/or adult diet could also play a role in determining the chemical profile emitted. Our findings highlight the plasticity of dietary responses of C. capitata, which may be important in determining the interactions of this pest with the environment and with conspecifics. These results also have applied relevance to increase the mating competitiveness of mass-reared C. capitata used in Sterile Insect Technique programs.
Prevalence of metabolic syndrome in the interior of Croatia: the Baranja region.; Metabolic syndrome (MS), a constellation of metabolic risk factors associated with development of cardiovascular diseases and Type 2 diabetes (T2D), has emerged as a public health problem of enormous proportions in developed and developing countries. We have reported previously its prevalence in several island populations of the Eastern Adriatic coast of Croatia. In spite of leading a relatively traditional life style pattern including adherence to a Mediterranean diet, the prevalence of MS in these populations is high and comparable to that in developed nations. However, data on prevalence of MS among the mainland Croatian populations is limited. Therefore, we conducted a study in an outbred population comprising of Croats, Hungarians and Serbs from the Baranja region of mainland Croatia. Although this is an ethnically heterogeneous population, the constituent groups exchange mates and therefore, are not reproductively isolated. The life style patterns are also similar. Overall prevalence of MS, assessed by the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) criteria, is 40% (35% in males and 42% in females) with Body Mass Index (BMI) as the predictor of obesity and 42% (52% in males and 39% in females) with Waist Hip Ratio (WHR) as the predictor of obesity. It is likely that, in addition to genetic risk factors, a host of environmental factors that include dietary habits and relatively urban life style in a modernized society have influenced the levels of the constituent metabolic traits leading to an increased prevalence of MS.
The impact of endometriosis on dietary choices and activities of everyday life: a cross-sectional study.; INTRODUCTION: Endometriosis is characterized by ectopic endometrial tissue and severe pain; frequently, women afflicted by this condition resort to non-medical interventions, such as dietary modifications. The aim of this study is to assess the impact of endometriosis on dietary patterns and quality of life. METHODS: An online survey was conducted among Italian women with endometriosis to gather self-reported demographic, clinical, dietary habit, and daily life data post-diagnosis. RESULTS: A total of 4,078 participants were included. Following an endometriosis diagnosis, 66% reported changes in eating habits, and 92% experienced a decline in daily life. Respondents chose dietary interventions: gluten-free (15%), anti-inflammatory (8%), Mediterranean (7.1%), or ketogenic (4%) diets, to improve health and reduce symptoms. The study revealed a shift in eating habits, with increased consumption of vegetables, fruits (10%), cereals, legumes (6.6%), and fish (4.5%), while reducing dairy products (18.4%), soy-containing foods (6.7%), and high saturated fats (8%). Eating habit changes correlated with endometriosis stages and worsened daily life. Educational level, endometriosis stages, years of symptoms, and eating habit changes linked to changes in daily life. CONCLUSION: Our findings emphasize the importance of monitoring eating behaviors to prevent unhealthy habits and malnutrition in women with endometriosis. Further studies are needed to evaluate how different diets impact symptoms and enhance daily life for these individuals.
Effects of the oxylipin-producing diatom Skeletonema marinoi on gene expression levels of the calanoid copepod Calanus sinicus.; Diatoms are eukaryotic unicellular plants that constitute one of the major components of marine phytoplankton, comprising up to 40% of annual productivity at sea and representing 25% of global carbon-fixation. Diatoms have traditionally been considered a preferential food for zooplankton grazers such as copepods, but, in the last two decades, this beneficial role has been challenged after the discovery that many species of diatoms produce toxic metabolites, collectively termed oxylipins, that induce reproductive failure in zooplankton grazers. Diatoms are the dominant natural diet of Calanus sinicus, a cold-temperate calanoid copepod that supports secondary production of important fisheries in the shelf ecosystems of the Northwest Pacific Ocean, Yellow Sea, Sea of Japan and South China Sea. In this study, the effect of the oxylipin-producing diatom Skeletonema marinoi on C. sinicus has been evaluated by analyzing expression level changes of genes involved in defense and detoxification systems. Results show that C. sinicus is more resistant to a diet of this diatom species in terms of gene expression patterns, compared to the congeneric species Calanus helgolandicus which is an important constituent of the temperate waters of the Atlantic Ocean and northern Mediterranean Sea. These findings contribute to the better understanding of genetic and/or phenotypic flexibility of copepod species and their capabilities to cope with stress by identifying molecular markers (such as stress and detoxification genes) as biosensors for environmental perturbations (e.g. toxins and contaminants) affecting marine copepods.
Association between dietary habits and asthma severity in children.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate association between dietary habits and asthma severity in children. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: Two teaching hospitals in Brazil. PARTICIPANTS: Cases (n=268) were children (3-12yr) with persistent asthma and age-matched controls (n=126) were those with intermittent asthma. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Dietary habits were determined based on food consumption in the past 12 months classified as frequent (≥3 times per week) or infrequent (never or <3 times per week).Nutritional status was classified into two categories according to WHO Child Growth Standards: obese: >2Z-score of BMI-for-age; non-obese: ≤2Z-score of BMI-for-age. RESULTS: After adjusting for confounding factors, maternal smoking during pregnancy, preterm birth and obesity were significantly associated with persistent asthma, with adjusted ORs (95% CI) of 2.11 (1.08- 4.13), 2.61(1.07-6.35) and 2.89 (1.49-5.61), respectively. No significant association was observed between frequency of consumption of specific foods, food groups, or dietary pattern (pro- or contra-Mediterranean diet) and the severity of asthma. CONCLUSIONS: This study did not find a significant association between dietary habits and asthma severity in children. Maternal smoking during pregnancy, preterm birth and obesity were independent factors associated with persistent asthma.
Development and Biomass Composition of Ephestia kuehniella (Lepidoptera: Pyralidae), Tenebrio molitor (Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae), and Hermetia illucens (Diptera: Stratiomyidae) Reared on Different Byproducts of the Agri-Food Industry.; The aim of this study was to evaluate five agro-industrial byproducts (apricots, brewer's spent grains, brewer's spent yeast, feed mill byproducts including broken cereal grains, and hatchery waste including eggshell debris, fluff, infertile eggs, dead embryos, and egg fluids) or mixtures thereof as food diets of Ephestia kuehniella (Zeller), Tenebrio molitor (L.), and Hermetia illucens (L.). Eleven out of 26 tested combinations allowed the first instar larvae to reach the adult stage. Results showed that bioconversion parameters and biomass composition can vary depending on the diet composition, especially in the case of E. kuehniella and H. illucens, whose nutritional requirements seem more complex than those of T. molitor. Tenebrio molitor was able to develop in almost all byproducts. However, only when T. molitor was fed with suitable mixtures of byproducts the development parameters were similar to those obtained with the standard diet. The best results in terms of bioconversion parameters were obtained by feeding H. illucens with a diet including dried brewer's spent grain, feed mill byproducts and brewer's spent yeast. The larvae of these three species can be considered interesting from a nutritional point of view, because of their high protein and fat content. However, the fatty acids profile of H. illucens larvae, with high proportions of saturated fatty acids, seems less healthy for human consumption compared with those of E. kuehniella and T. molitor.
Study the Effect of Relative Energy Deficiency on Physiological and Physical Variables in Professional Women Athletes: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; Energy deficits are often observed in athletes, especially in female athletes, due to the high expenditure of sport and strict diets. Low energy availability can cause serious health problems and affect sport performance. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of different personalized dietary plans on physiological and physical factors related to energy deficit syndrome in female professional handball players. Twenty-one professional female handball players, aged 22 ± 4 years, 172.0 ± 5.4 cm and 68.4 ± 6.7 kg, divided into three groups (FD: free diet; MD: Mediterranean diet; and AD: high antioxidant diet), participated in this 12-week randomized controlled trial. Energy expenditure through indirect calorimetry, energy availability, 7 day dietary intake analysis, blood pressure, cholesterol, menstrual function, body composition by both anthropometry and bioelectrical impedance, and strength performance were assessed. All participants showed low energy availability (<30 kcal/lean mass per day); despite this, all had eumenorrhea. Significant improvements were found after the intervention in all components of body composition (p < 0.05). In the remaining variables, despite slight improvements, none were significant neither over time nor between the different groups. Low energy availability has been observed in all professional female handball players, which may lead to serious consequences. A longer period of intervention is required to assess the differences between diets and improvements in other parameters.
Aggregation of European storm-petrel (Hydrobates pelagicus ssp. melitensis) around cage fish farms. Do they benefit from the farmś resources?; Cage aquaculture aggregates wild fauna due to food provision. Several seabirds frequent fish farms, including the European storm-petrel (Hydrobates pelagicus melitensis). This work investigates the presence of storm-petrels around two aquaculture areas interspersed between breeding colonies in western Mediterranean Sea. Contribution of aquaculture-derived resources to their diet was assessed. Storm-petrels were mist-netted at the colonies and marked by bleaching feathers. Density around aquaculture areas was estimated through visual counts. Marks recognition was conducted visually and by photo-capture. Storm-petrel regurgitates were used as target tissue to estimate diet sources contribution. Contribution of surface zooplankton, ichthyoplankton and aquaculture wastes was estimated through Bayesian mixing modelling combining carbon and nitrogen stable isotopes and fatty acids as biomarkers. Storm-petrel density was high in open-sea aquaculture area, but not observed around near shore farms. Temporal variability of storm-petrels density during the breeding season was linked to their reproductive phenology. Within the open-sea aquaculture area, bluefin tuna farm was more attractive for storm-petrels than seabream/seabass farms. Visual identification of bleaching marks was not useful. Photo-capture showed that 8.3% of the storm-petrels watched around farms were firstly trapped in some of the nearby colonies, and 91.7% were unmarked. Qualitative evidence of aquaculture-derived wastes utilization was obtained. However, its estimated contribution was low (4.3%) when compared to ichthyoplankton (61.1%) or zooplankton (34.6%). The studied open-sea farms significantly aggregated storm-petrels along their entire breeding season. Storm-petrels got a slight profit from aquaculture resources. Nevertheless, some concerns arise regarding the cost/benefit balance of the interaction.
Effectiveness of the Brown Lacewing, Sympherobius barberi Banks as a Biological Control Agent of the Asian Citrus Psyllid Diaphorina citri Kuwayama.; The Asian citrus psyllid (ACP) Diaphorina citri Kuwayama is an economically important pest of citrus because it vectors the causal pathogens of huanglongbing (HLB) or citrus greening disease. Biological control is an important component of citrus pest management but requires consistent strengthening of its impact on pest complex. The brown lacewing Sympherobius barberi Banks is a known predator of several insect pests from Asia, Europe, and America. However, there is not much information about its effectiveness against D. citri. We evaluated S. barberi against the D. citri and frozen eggs of the Mediterranean flour moth Ephestia kuehniella, the latter is a common diet used for rearing predators in laboratories. Adult S. barberi successfully fed on D. citri eggs and nymphs under both light and dark conditions. Diaphorina citri was also suitable for the development and reproduction of S. barberi except for slightly prolonged larval development compared with E. kuehniella diet. The egg hatch from the total number of eggs laid on D. citri and E. kuehniella diets averaged 65% and 52%, respectively. Females laid 64% eggs on dimpled white paper compared to 36% combined on plain paper and leaves of citrus, orange jasmine, eggplant and cantaloupe. Sympherobius barberi released at densities of 2-6 adults against eggs and nymphs of D. citri on infested orange jasmine plants in the cages provided a reduction of 43-81% in the number of provided eggs or nymphs. In the field tests on D. citri infested citrus trees, reduction averaged 35% in five cohorts in which developing colonies of 28-32 nymphs were provided to one S. barberi per cage. Findings suggest the significant potential of S. barberi as a predator of D. citri and to contribute to reducing huanglongbing.
Foraging niche shift maintains breeding parameters of a colonial waterbird during range expansion.; Relating the effects of foraging niche variation to reproductive dynamics is critical to understand species response to environmental change. We examined foraging niche variations of the slender-billed gull (Chroicocephalus genei), a nomadic colonial waterbird species during its range expansion along the French Mediterranean coast over a 16-year period (1998-2013). We investigated whether range expansion was associated with a change in chick diet, breeding success, and chicks body condition. We also examined whether breeding success and chicks body condition were explained by diet and colonial characteristics (number of pairs, laying phenology, habitat, and locality). Diet was characterized using dual-stable isotopic proxies (δ (13)C and δ (15)N) of feather keratin from 331 individuals subsampled from a total of 4,154 chicks ringed and measured at 18 different colonies. δ (13)C decreased and δ (15)N increased significantly during range expansion suggesting that chicks were fed from preys of increasing trophic level found in the less salty habitat colonized by the end of the study period. Niche shift occurred without significant change of niche width which did not vary among periods, habitats, or localities either. Breeding success and chick body condition showed no consistent trends over years. Breeding success tended to increase with decreasing δ (13)C at the colony level while there was no relationship between stable isotope signatures and chick body condition. Overall, our results suggest that even if range expansion is associated with foraging niche shift toward the colonization of less salty and more brackish habitats, the shift had marginal effect on the breeding parameters of the Slender-billed gull. Niche width appears as an asset of this species, which likely explains its ability to rapidly colonize new locations.
Large forehead: a novel sign of undiagnosed coeliac disease.; BACKGROUND: The development of cranial proportions is the result of genetic, embriogenetic and environmental factors. Coeliac disease is a genetically inherited disease that is frequently diagnosed in adulthood in individuals, in whom the disease runs unidentified for years and can affect child growth from the moment of dietary gluten introduction up to the moment of gluten withdrawal following diagnosis. Data on the effects of gluten on craniofacial development in coeliac children are not available. AIM: The aim of the present study is to evaluate gluten-related effects on face development in patients with undiagnosed coeliac disease and their clinical relevance. METHODS: The study was a prospective, multivariate analysis. Face photographs of adult patients with coeliac disease and healthy controls were marked at six reference points and distances and the ratios among distances were measured by computer program software. RESULTS: The main finding of the study is that Caucasian Mediterranean adult coeliac individuals tend to have a peculiar aspect of the face characterised by a larger forehead when compared to general population controls. CONCLUSION: The craniofacial morphology of patients with coeliac disease reveals an altered pattern of craniofacial growth. This is the first report of alterations of craniofacial development in coeliac disease. This alteration is a clinical sign that should be included among the extraintestinal manifestation of coeliac disease. It has a frequency comparable to other signs or symptoms such as anaemia and short stature and is a better predictor of coeliac disease than other signs such as recurrent aphthous stomatitis, recurrent abortion and dental enamel hypoplasia. A large forehead is a sign easily evident visually or with very simple measurements; computer analysis is not required for the general practitioner. This sign along with the presence of other clinical signs and symptoms, should alert a physician to test a patient for coeliac disease.
Food partitioning and diet temporal variation in two coexisting sparids, Pagellus erythrinus and Pagellus acarne.; Resource partitioning in two congeneric sparids, pandora Pagellus erythrinus and axillary seabream Pagellus acarne, was investigated using stomach content analysis integrated with data on stable isotopes (δ(15) N and δ(13) C). The study was carried out on coastal muddy bottoms in the Gulf of Castellammare (southern Tyrrhenian Sea, western Mediterranean Sea) in seasons (autumn, November 2004; winter, March 2005; spring, early June 2005), at depths between 50 and 100 m. Stomach content analysis suggested low trophic niche overlap between the two species. Pagellus erythrinus mainly preyed on strictly benthic organisms (polychaetes, brachyuran crabs and benthic crustaceans). Although it consumed benthic prey, P. acarne preferred suprabenthic prey such as peracarid crustaceans from the benthic boundary layer a few metres above the bottom. The two species showed different isotopic values, with P. erythrinus exhibiting higher δ(15) N and more enriched δ(13) C than P. acarne, in accordance with its marked benthic behaviour and high predation on carnivore polychaetes. Significant temporal variability in both diet and isotopic values caused trophic differences between the two species. The autumn and winter diet differed from the spring diet and the trophic levels of both species increased from autumn and winter to spring, in accordance with variations in food availability and changes in prey δ(15) N and δ(13) C. These temporal variations may be linked to an increase in energy requirements for reproduction, together with the differing availability of preferred prey throughout the year. Significantly, lower δ(13) C was recorded in fishes collected in winter (March), suggesting the influence of river inputs as a source of particulate organic matter in this zone after the flooding season. In conclusion, these sympatric congeneric fish species displayed clear food partitioning throughout the temporal scale analysed.
Spatial distribution and life-history aspects of blackspot seabream Pagellus bogaraveo (Osteichthyes: Sparidae).; Spatial distribution and life history aspects of Pagellus bogaraveo in the eastern Ionian Sea were investigated using the data from 13 different studies carried out in the area from 1983 to 2010. The spatial patterns of the abundance, biomass and mean size showed that the species inhabits the shallow waters of the shelf (<170 m depth) as juveniles up to a certain size (<180 mm total length, LT ), moving to deeper waters of the slope (mainly 400-500 m depth) as adults. The spatial pattern of abundance indicated a continuous distribution of the species in deep waters, with hot-spot areas of high values, whereas in shallow waters distribution was more discontinuous, with higher concentrations of juveniles in estuaries and brackish waters. The study of biological aspects of the species revealed (1) a difference in the increase in mass between males and females, (2) protandrous hermaphroditism, accompanied by the presence of primary females and males that do not change sex, (3) a sex ratio in favour of females >250 mm LT , (4) the presence of hermaphrodites between 200 and 370 mm, (5) a long reproduction period from June to March, (6) a size at first maturity around 300 mm and (7) a diet composition of adults based mainly on fishes, and also on opportunistic behaviour in the food scarce environment of deep waters. The results suggest that the species' distribution and feeding strategies are the most appropriate for the oligotrophic eastern Ionian waters and that these conditions result in smaller sizes of the species in the east Mediterranean Sea compared to the west basin and the east Atlantic Ocean, with implications for the growth and reproductive biology of the species.
Dietary patterns and associated lifestyles in preconception, pregnancy and postpartum.; OBJECTIVE: To identify dietary patterns in women who are planning immediate pregnancy in preconception, weeks 6, 10, 26 and 38 of pregnancy, and 6 months postpartum, and to describe how particular lifestyles, the body mass index (BMI) and sociodemographic factors are associated to these patterns. DESIGN: Longitudinal study throughout the reproductive cycle of food consumption carried out in a Spanish Mediterranean city. SETTING: Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences, Rovira i Virgili University. SUBJECTS: In total, 80 healthy female volunteers who were planning immediate pregnancy. INTERVENTIONS: A seven-consecutive-day dietary record was used to evaluate the dietary intake. Exploratory factor analysis was used to identify the main dietary patterns in each of the periods. Fitted multiple linear regression models were used to study the associations between the lifestyle and sociodemographic variables, and each dietary pattern. RESULTS: The 'sweetened beverages and sugars' pattern was identified from preconception to 6 months postpartum and the 'vegetables and meat' pattern to the end of pregnancy. The 'sweetened beverages and sugars' pattern is positively associated with smoking and negatively associated with physical activity before conception and in the first trimester of pregnancy. The 'vegetables and meat' pattern is negatively associated with the BMI during the preconception period and positively associated with age in weeks 10 and 38 of pregnancy. It is shown that the patterns do not change significantly throughout the period studied. CONCLUSIONS: We have identified two stable dietary patterns from preconception to postpartum. The 'sweetened beverages and sugars' pattern is associated with habits of risk for the health of the pregnant woman and her offspring. SPONSORSHIP: 'Comisión Interministerial de Ciencia y Tecnología' (CICYT: ALI89-0388) and 'Instituto de Salud Carlos III', RCMN (C03/08), Madrid, Spain'.
Comparative Study of Reproductive Development in Wild and Captive-Reared Greater Amberjack Seriola dumerili (Risso, 1810).; The greater amberjack Seriola dumerili is a large teleost fish with rapid growth and excellent flesh quality, whose domestication represents an ambitious challenge for aquaculture. The occurrence of reproductive dysfunctions in greater amberjack reared in captivity was investigated by comparing reproductive development of wild and captive-reared individuals. Wild and captive-reared breeders were sampled in the Mediterranean Sea during three different phases of the reproductive cycle: early gametogenesis (EARLY, late April-early May), advanced gametogenesis (ADVANCED, late May-early June) and spawning (SPAWNING, late June-July). Fish reproductive state was evaluated using the gonado-somatic index (GSI), histological analysis of the gonads and determination of sex steroid levels in the plasma, and correlated with leptin expression in the liver and gonad biochemical composition. The GSI and sex steroid levels were lower in captive-reared than in wild fish. During the ADVANCED period, when the wild greater amberjack breeders were already in spawning condition, ovaries of captive-reared breeders showed extensive atresia of late vitellogenic oocytes and spermatogenic activity ceased in the testes of half of the examined males. During the SPAWNING period, all captive-reared fish had regressed gonads, while wild breeders still displayed reproductive activity. Liver leptin expression and gonad proximate composition of wild and captive greater amberjack were similar. However, the gonads of captive-reared fish showed different total polar lipid contents, as well as specific lipid classes and fatty acid profiles with respect to wild individuals. This study underlines the need for an improvement in rearing technology for this species, which should include minimum handling during the reproductive season and the formulation of a specific diet to overcome the observed gonadal decrements of phospholipids, DHA (22:6n-3) and ARA (20:4n-6), compared to wild breeders.
Unravelling trophic subsidies of agroecosystems for biodiversity conservation: food consumption and nutrient recycling by waterbirds in Mediterranean rice fields.; Waterbirds can reallocate a considerable amount of nutrients within agricultural fields and between agriculture sites and wetlands. However their effects on biogeochemical cycles have rarely been quantified. We estimated bird numbers, diet (from stable isotope analysis), food supply, and the food consumption on rice fields by overwintering waterbirds in one of the most important areas for rice production in southwestern Europe and a key area for various migrating and resident waterbird species. Herein, we modelled the nutrient (N and P) recycling in rice fields, and their transport to reservoirs. The energy consumption by waterbirds (96,605±18,311 individuals) on rice fields during winter averaged at 89.9±39.0 kJ·m(-2), with its majority (89.9%) belonging to foraging on rice seeds. Thus, the birds removed about 26% of rice seeds leftover after harvest (estimated in 932.5±504.7 seeds·m(-2) in early winter) wherein common cranes and dabbling ducks (four species) were the most important consumers. Waterbirds foraging and roosting in the rice fields recycled more than 24.1 (1.0 kg·ha(-1)) of N and an additional 5.0 tons (0.2 kg·ha(-1)) of P in the Extremadura's rice fields during winter. Additionally, we estimated that 2.3 tons of N and 550 kg of P were removed from rice fields and transported to reservoirs. The seasonal foraging of wildlife should result in a direct benefit for rice farmers by improving nutrient recycling through defecation by waterbirds with respect to artificial fertilisation. Additionally, rice fields located in the cranes' core wintering areas can provide sufficient food supply to induce habitat shift from their traditional wintering habitat in 'dehesas' to rice fields, which causes indirect socioeconomic benefit through reduced acorn consumption by cranes. Our modelling approach may thus be especially helpful for management decisions regarding rice agroecosystems in areas which are also important for the conservation of migratory waterbirds.
Dietary and socio-economic factors associated with overweight and obesity in a southern French population.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the socio-economic and dietary factors associated with overweight and obesity, respectively, in southern France. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analysis of socio-economic, lifestyle and nutritional characteristics of a representative population sample. A questionnaire elicited information on anthropometric measurements, socio-economic factors, physical activity, tobacco use, and alcohol and food intakes. Non-parametric tests, multiple linear regression models and correspondence factorial analysis (CFA) were used to estimate the association of the various factors with overweight and obesity. SETTING: French Southwest and Mediterranean areas. SUBJECTS: In total, 1169 subjects (578 women and 552 men), aged 30-77 years, were recruited at random. RESULTS: Overweight and obesity were associated with age and education in both genders, reproductive factors in women and tobacco use in men. A few dietary factors were identified (high energy intake and low intake of carbohydrates), but all these variables explained little of the variation (18.5% in women and 14.6% in men). The CFA further investigated the association of lifestyle and nutritional factors, giving more weight to nutritional behaviour for overweight men and women. Factors for obesity differed from those for overweight by being different in men and women, possibly related to psychological behaviour, and there were fewer of them, suggesting an insufficient coverage by the usual questionnaires. CONCLUSIONS: Overweight and obesity appear as two different entities. Energy imbalance induced by various lifestyle factors plays a major role in the development of overweight, whereas obesity represents a more complex entity where psychological and genetic factors that are difficult to assess may be more important. General nutritional guidelines appear more adapted to the prevention of overweight than to that of obesity, and individual counselling to the prevention of obesity.
Epidemiology of breast cancer, a paradigm of the "common soil" hypothesis.; Breast cancer is the leading cause of death in women aged 20-50 years, with some geographical difference. The yearly incidence of the disease is increasing while the related mortality is steadily decreasing. Breast cancer is associated not only with specific hormones or factors related with reproduction, but mostly to more general environmental factors, linked to socioeconomic conditions and lifestyles (smoking, stress, physical exercise and particularly dietary habits). The latter, indeed, are risk factors or conditions common to hormone-dependent tumors and other chronic degenerative disorders, such as ischemic cardio cerebro-vascular and neuro-degenerative disease. Breast cancer can indeed be considered as a paradigm of the so-called "common soil" concept, according to which the above mentioned conditions, although having different clinical manifestations, share some pathogenetic mechanisms and risk factors and intermediate predisposing phenotypes (see Type2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome or obesity). In an epidemiological perspective, evidence has been accumulated on the common response of breast cancer and cardiovascular disorders to healthy lifestyles and in particular to the beneficial effects of a close adhesion to the Mediterranean dietary model. The latter would mainly be effective thanks to its anti-inflammatory properties, thus controlling the subclinical condition of low-grade inflammation, a common risk factor of all the "common soil" disorders. Results from the prospective cohort of the Moli-sani Study (nearly 25,000 adults from the general population of the Southern Italy region of Molise) are highly suggestive in this context. In a public health perspective, the "common soil" hypothesis may thus promote the application of preventive strategies, particularly targeting lifestyles, for a broad spectrum of widely prevalent disorders, ranging from breast cancer to myocardial infarction or cognitive impairment conditions.
Risk Factors for Type 2 Diabetes.; Type 2 diabetes is a heterogeneous disease involving multiple behavioral, metabolic, and genetic factors. The occurrence of diabetes is characterized by progressive deterioration of glucose tolerance, but not all individuals in the intermediate states of glucose intolerance progress to a diagnosis of diabetes. Data suggest the onset of type 2 diabetes can be prevented and delayed through improved understanding of underlying susceptibility to diabetes and intervening on modifiable risk factors. Over 29 million people in the United States were estimated to have diabetes in 2012. The type 2 diabetes epidemic has been attributed to urbanization and environmental transition leading to lifestyle changes. Prospective studies have uncovered roles for individual nutrients, foods, and dietary patterns in type 2 diabetes prevention. Diets favoring higher intake of whole grains, green leafy vegetables, and coffee; lower intake of refined grains, red and processed meat, and sugar-sweetened beverages; and moderate intake of alcohol have been linked with reduced risk of type 2 diabetes. In a randomized trial after 4-year follow-up, a Mediterranean diet with extra virgin olive oil supplementation reduced diabetes risk by 40% compared to a low-fat control diet. Physical inactivity is another behavioral risk factor for type 2 diabetes. A lifestyle that includes physical activity, from brisk walking to higher intensity endurance or resistance training, can reduce the risk of developing type 2 diabetes. For example, regular brisk walking of ≥2.5 hours per week has been associated with 30% reduction in type 2 diabetes risk compared to almost no walking. Many benefits of a healthy lifestyle appear to be mediated through maintenance of a healthy distribution of body fat. Central obesity, which can be assessed by measuring waist circumference, is a strong predictor of type 2 diabetes. A large, international meta-analysis suggested that the relative risk (RR) of type 2 diabetes per standard deviation in obesity indicators was slightly more pronounced for higher waist circumference (1.87, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.58–2.20) than higher body mass index (1.72, 95% CI 1.47–2.02). With the increased prevalence of obesity at a population level, more women are experiencing metabolic abnormalities during pregnancy. Children who experienced intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes are more likely to have childhood overweight, followed by impaired glucose tolerance in early adulthood. For example, intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes was associated with type 2 diabetes in youth age 10–22 years (odds ratio 5.7, 95% CI 2.4–13.4). Therefore, the vicious cycle of diabetes may continue to the next generation, as they enter childbearing age in the absence of early-life intervention. Novel biomarkers and intermediate conditions associated with diabetes risk have been identified. Type 2 diabetes is increasingly considered to be a subclinical pro-inflammatory condition derived from accumulation of excess adipose tissue leading to impaired secretion of adipokines and inflammatory cytokines by adipocytes. Endothelial dysfunction markers have been associated with type 2 diabetes. In addition, the metabolic syndrome, a phenomenon of metabolic risk traits clustering, including central obesity, elevated fasting glucose, triglyceride, and blood pressure levels, and/or low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, has emerged as a powerful risk factor for developing type 2 diabetes (RR averaging 5.1 in one meta-analysis). Prospective studies have identified modifiable risk factors for type 2 diabetes, which offer the potential to predict and detect diabetes risk before the onset of the disease. Although type 2 diabetes cannot be cured at the present time, development of the disease can be prevented or delayed by intervening on modifiable risk factors at an early stage.
Diet and Men's Sexual Health.; INTRODUCTION: Male sexual dysfunctions are more prevalent with aging. With increasing evidence about the impact of various diets on chronic diseases, there is a growing interest in establishing an association between various diets and men's health and sexual dysfunction. AIM: To review the current literature examining diet and dietary patterns and male sexual health. METHODS: A thorough literature search of peer-reviewed publications on the association between diet and dietary patterns and male sexual health (erectile dysfunction, hypogonadism, and infertility) was carried using the online PubMed database from 1977 through 2017 with the keywords diet, dietary patterns, erectile dysfunction, male hypogonadism, low testosterone, and male infertility. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Summary of significant findings on erectile function, androgen levels, and semen analysis parameters in relation to diets or dietary patterns. RESULTS: Thirteen studies on diet and erectile dysfunction and 15 studies on diet and testosterone levels were reviewed, including observational studies and randomized controlled trials. Thirteen studies analyzing the relation between diet and semen analysis parameters were reviewed but consisted of only cross-sectional and case-control studies. CONCLUSION: Evidence exists demonstrating the association between various diets and men's sexual health. Erectile dysfunction appears to lessen in men adhering to the Mediterranean diet. Obese and overweight men who lose weight through low-fat, low-calorie diets seem to have improvements in their erectile function and testosterone levels. Furthermore, a Western diet is associated with lower semen quality. Future prospective and randomized controlled trials are necessary to establish the benefit of diet and dietary patterns on men's sexual health. La J, Roberts NH, Yafi FA. Diet and Men's Sexual Health. Sex Med Rev 2018;6:54-68.
Phytosterols activating nuclear receptors are involving in steroid hormone-dependent cancers: Myth or fact?; Nuclear receptors (NRs) represent intracellular proteins that function as a signaling network of transcriptional factors to control genes in response to a variety of environmental, dietary, and hormonal stimulations or serve as orphan receptors lacking a recognized ligand. They also play an essential role in normal development, metabolism, cell growth, cell division, physiology, reproduction, and homeostasis and function as biological markers for tumor subclassification and as targets for hormone therapy. NRs, including steroid hormone receptors (SHRs), have been studied as tools to examine the fundamentals of transcriptional regulation within the development of mammals and human physiology, in addition to their links to disturbances. In this regard, it is widely recognized that aberrant NR signaling is responsible for the pathological growth of hormone-dependent tumors in response to SHRs dysregulation and consequently represents a potential therapeutic candidate in a range of diseases, as in the case of prostate cancer and breast cancer. On the other hand, phytosterols are a group of plant-derived compounds that act directly as ligands for NRs and have proven their efficacy in the management of diabetes, heart diseases, and cancers. However, these plants are not suggested in cases of hormone-dependent cancer since a certain group of plants contains molecules with a chemical structure similar to that of estrogens, which are known as phytoestrogens or estrogen-like compounds, such as lignans, coumestans, and isoflavones. Therefore, it remains an open and controversial debate regarding whether consuming a phytosterol-rich diet and adopting a vegetarian lifestyle like the Mediterranean diet may increase the risk of developing steroid hormone-dependent cancers by constitutively activating SHRs and thereby leading to tumor transformation. Overall, the purpose of this review is to better understand the relevant mechanistic pathways and explore epidemiological investigations in order to establish that phytosterols may contribute to the activation of NRs as cancer drivers in hormone-dependent cancers.
Safety assessment of aqueous olive pulp extract as an antioxidant or antimicrobial agent in foods.; The olive fruit, its oil and the leaves of the olive tree have a rich history of nutritional, medicinal and ceremonial uses. Olive oil, table olives and olive products are an important part of the Mediterranean diet, the greatest value of which may be due to olive polyphenols that contribute to the modulation of the oxidative balance in vivo. The objective of this review is to examine the available safety/toxicity literature on olive polyphenols, particularly hydroxytyrosol, to determine the safety-in-use of a standardized aqueous olive pulp extract (HIDROX). Among the polyphenols found in the extract, the major constituent of biological significance is hydroxytyrosol (50-70%). In oral bioavailability studies, urinary excretion of hydroxytyrosol and its glucuronide was found to be associated with the intake of hydroxytyrosol. Oral bioavailability of hydroxytyrosol in olive oil and in an aqueous solution was reported as 99% and 75%, respectively. In comparative studies, urinary excretion of hydroxytyrosol was greater in humans than in rats. The LD(50) of the extract and hydroxytyrosol was reported to be greater than 2000 mg/kg. In a subchronic study, the no observed adverse effect level (NOAEL) of the extract in rats was found to be 2000 mg/kg/day. In developmental and reproductive toxicity studies, HIDROX did not cause toxicity at levels up to 2000 mg/kg/day. In an in vivo micronucleus assay, oral exposure of rats to HIDROX at dose levels up to 5000 mg/kg/day for 29 days did not induce increases in polychromatic erythrocytes in bone marrow. Based on the available studies of the extract and polyphenols, and a history of exposure and use of components of the extract through table olives, olive products and olive oil, the consumption of HIDROX is considered safe at levels up to 20 mg/kg/day.
Fishers and groupers (Epinephelus marginatus and E. morio) in the coast of Brazil: integrating information for conservation.; BACKGROUND: Groupers are a vulnerable but economically important group of fish, especially for small-scale fisheries. We investigated catches and local ecological knowledge (LEK) of diet, habitat, and past fishing experiences. METHODS: Landings, prices, interviews, and restaurants demand for two species, Epinephelus marginatus (dusky grouper) and Epinephelus morio (red grouper), were registered. RESULTS: We visited 74 markets and 79 sites on the coast of Brazil in 2017-2018, and we interviewed 71 fishers: Bahia (NE), Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo (SE), and Santa Catarina (S). The landings sampled of dusky grouper (2016-2017) in Rio de Janeiro were: n = 222, size 38-109 cm, weight 1-24 kg, average 3.84 kg; in São Paulo, São Sebastião were: n = 47, size 39-106 cm, weight 2-8 kg, average of 2.77 kg; and at Santos: n = 80, 26-120 cm, weight 0.36-15 kg, average 2.72 kg. Red grouper was observed in markets in the northeastern Brazil. We did not observe Epinephelus marginatus from Bahia northward; a maximum size of 200 cm was reported south of the Bahia, besides Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo coasts, 20 years ago (or longer) by 12 fishers. Local knowledge of fishers was important for grouper data of habitat and diet; the reproduction period was identified by fishers as September to March. CONCLUSIONS: Groupers can be considered as a cultural and ecological keystone species. We suggest protective measures: 1) fishing zoning, 2) islands (MPAs) with the surveillance of fishers, 3) late Spring and early Summer as key periods for management (grouper reproduction), 4) studies on grouper larvae, 5) mapping of fishing spots, 6) studies on local knowledge. Collaboration with small-scale fishers and local knowledge could contribute to low-conflict management measures. In that regard, integrative models of management from Latin America, by using local knowledge and citizen science, could produce successful grouper management for Brazilian data-poor fisheries, a contrasting reality to the Mediterranean areas. Finally, the distribution of E. marginatus in Brazil leave us with questions: a) Have dusky groupers disappeared from Bahia because of a decline in the population? b) Was it uncommon in Northeast Brazil? c) Did changes in water temperatures forced a movement southward?
Do we consider enough the presence of triggering factors in the evaluation of patients with FMF? Triggering factors are highly prevalent in colchicine-resistant FMF patients.; The aim of the study is to investigate the frequency of triggering factors in colchicine-resistant and -responsive Familial Mediterranean Fever (FMF) patients as well as the effect of  interleukin (IL)-1 antagonist treatment on the triggering factors. Both colchicine-resistant (patients on IL-1 antagonist treatment) and colchicine-responsive (patients on colchicine who had ≤ 3 attacks in the last year) patients were questioned for the presence of 12 different triggering factors, including exposure to cold, emotional stress, fatigue, physical activity, menstruation (for females), sleeplessness, prolonged standing, long-duration travel, high-fat diet intake, starvation, infection, and trauma. Colchicine-resistant patients were questioned for the presence of triggering factors for two time periods, before and after treatment with IL-1 antagonists. We studied 28 colchicine-resistant and 35 colchicine-responsive patients. Overall 77.8% of patients had at least one triggering factor. Triggering factors were associated with 28.5% of the total number of attacks. More than half of the patients (57.1%) declared that they had avoided these conditions. The frequency of triggering factors was higher in the colchicine-resistant group as compared to the colchicine-responsive group (89.3% vs 68.6%; p = 0.04). In colchicine-resistant FMF patients, the frequency of triggering factors (89.3% vs 32.1%) and the percentage of attacks initiated by triggering factors (27.8 vs 14.4%; p < 0.001) were decreased after treatment with IL-1 antagonists. In this study, triggering factors were more frequent in colchicine-resistant patients as compared to colchicine-responsive patients. Treatment with IL-1 antagonists seems to increase the endurance of colchicine-resistant patients in stressful conditions.
Healthy Habits and Emotional Balance in Women during the Postpartum Period: Differences between Term and Preterm Delivery.; Breastfeeding could be considered as a vulnerable period, rising the risk to shift from optimism to pessimism. Preterm delivery is an event that increases postpartum maternal stress and depression, which can have a negative impact on breastfeeding and maternal-filial wellbeing. The adherence to healthy habits may have a positive influence on this vulnerable population. We aimed to analyze the impact of prematurity on maternal psychological aspects during postpartum and to study if adherence to the Healthy Food Pyramid influences psychological variables. Fifty-five breastfeeding women being attended in the Hospital Clínico San Carlos (Madrid, Spain) were recruited during the first day postpartum. The medical data were collected from the obstetrical records. The women answered an auto-administered questionnaire with several sections: sociodemographic characteristics, Perceived Stress Scale (PSS), and Life Orientation Test (LOT), at 14 days and 6 months postpartum, Adherence to the Healthy Food Pyramid Questionnaire (AP-Q) at 28 days postpartum and the Edinburgh Postpartum Depression Scale (EPDS) at 6 months postpartum. The PSS and LOT scores were not statistically different in mothers with preterm compared to term delivery either at 14 days or at 6 months postpartum. Longitudinally, the PSS did not show significant differences, but the LOT score was lower at 6 months compared to 14 days postpartum (p-Value = 0.046). A higher EPDS score was significantly found in mothers with preterm delivery (9.0 ± 4.7) than those with a term delivery (5.4 ± 4.2; p-value = 0.040). A significant and positive correlation was observed between the AP-Q score and LOT both at 14 days and 6 months postpartum. Conclusively, maternal optimism decreases during the postpartum period, women with preterm delivery being at risk of postpartum depression. Furthermore, there is a relationship between optimism and adherence to healthy habits. Healthcare professional counseling is essential during the entire breastfeeding period, particularly in vulnerable mothers with preterm delivery.
Pregnancy hepatitis in Libya.; The death-rate from hepatitis in pregnant women in Libya is high. Of 922 hepatitis patients treated during 1975, 377 were males and 545 were females. The case fatality-rate was 0.53% for males and 7-67% for females. In 293 pregnant women it was 12-97% compared with 1-6% in 252 non-pregnant women. In pregnant women deaths occurred mainly in the last trimester. Although 18-4% of the male patients and 15-2% of the women were hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) positive, no patient shown to be antigen-positive died. The frequency of hepatitis in the second half of the year fell both in pregnant women and in the general population, suggesting a warning hepatitis-A epidemic. The exact cause of the high mortality in pregnant women is not clear, but it may have a nutritional basis.
Optimum Olsen Phosphorus/Zinc(DTPA) ratio for the initial growth of maize in agricultural soils of the Mediterranean region.; BACKGROUND: Zinc (Zn) deficiency in crops is commonly aggravated by high levels of phosphorus (P) in soil. In this work, the initial performance of pot-growing maize in response to the available P and Zn in soils with low available Zn and to the application of P and Zn fertilizers was investigated. RESULTS: The soils (six non-calcareous and 14 calcareous) ranged widely in available P (Olsen P: 5.5-37.9 mg kg(-1) ), were poor in available Zn [diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid-extractable Zn (Zn(DTPA) ): 0.20-0.84 mg kg(-1) ] and had an Olsen P/Zn(DTPA) ratio of 13 to 111 mg mg(-1) . Soil P application generally increased aerial dry matter (ADM) yield; Zn increased ADM yield mostly when applied in combination with P; and the sole application of Zn increased yield only in a soil with a high (28 mg kg(-1) ) Olsen P and a low (0.36 mg kg(-1) ) Zn(DTPA) . The increase in ADM yield resulting from optimal application of P and/or Zn to the soil was modest in soils where the Olsen P/Zn(DTPA) ratio was 30-60 and Olsen P was >14 mg kg(-1) . Zinc uptake by the control plants was correlated with the Zn(DTPA) of the soil. For a certain Zn(DTPA) value, the level of plant available Zn was higher in non-calcareous than in calcareous soils. CONCLUSION: Soil application of fertilizer P and Zn, in soils with low levels of available Zn, should not only aim at increasing the available P and Zn levels but also balancing them at the appropriate Olsen P/Zn(DTPA) ratio, which was found to lie in the 30-60 range in the present study. © 2020 Society of Chemical Industry.
Energy use and carbon footprint of the tomato production in heated multi-tunnel greenhouses in Almeria within an exporting agri-food system context.; Almeria (Spain) is one of the most important agricultural centers of vegetable cultivation in Europe. The search for technological innovation has led to the introduction of climate control systems in greenhouses in Almeria to improve productivity during the cold season. Up to now, no studies have analyzed the energy behavior of introducing this technology in this specific region. The objective of the present study is therefore to analyze the energy use and carbon footprint (CF) of the tomato production in heated multi-tunnel greenhouses in Almeria from a life cycle perspective (cradle to regional distribution center approach). The results obtained show that the introduction of heating systems in multi-tunnel greenhouses in Almeria allowed for an increase in the annual productivity per hectare and kilogram below the increment in cumulative energy demand (CED). The on-farm CED and CF were estimated at, respectively, 13.4 MJ and 0.92 kg CO(2)-eq kg(-1) of gross production. The impacts were thus 3.3 and 2.75 times higher than those of the unheated crop. The use of energy and infrastructure (86.1%), fertilizers, and infrastructure (66.9%) were the main hotspots of the heated and unheated tomato crops. With regard to the marketed output and the supply chain, the CF and CED of heated tomatoes were 2.07 kg CO(2)-eq and 29.30 MJ kg(-1), with a non-renewable EROI (energy return on investment) (0.030:1) that was 48% lower than the one obtained with unheated tomatoes. On-farm production (64.1%), transport, and packing (65.9%) were, respectively, the main hotspots in the heated and unheated tomato agri-food systems. The production of heated tomatoes in Almeria may continue to be a better energy option than locally producing the crop in heated greenhouses in northern Europe, as long as other options related to the seasonal local production and changing diets are not taken into account.
The effects of fire on ant trophic assemblage and sex allocation.; Fire plays a key role in ecosystem dynamics worldwide, altering energy flows and species community structure and composition. However, the functional mechanisms underlying these effects are not well understood. Many ground-dwelling animal species can shelter themselves from exposure to heat and therefore rarely suffer direct mortality. However, fire-induced alterations to the environment may change a species' relative trophic level within a food web and its mode of foraging. We assessed how fire could affect ant resource utilization at different scales in a Mediterranean forest. First, we conducted isotopic analyses on entire ant species assemblages and their potential food resources, which included plants and other arthropods, in burned and unburned plots 1 year postfire. Second, we measured the production of males and females by nests of a fire-resilient species, Aphaenogaster gibbosa, and analyzed the differences in isotopic values among workers, males, and females to test whether fire constrained resource allocation. We found that, in spite of major modifications in biotic and abiotic conditions, fire had little impact on the relative trophic position of ant species. The studied assemblage was composed of species with a wide array of diets. They ranged from being mostly herbivorous to completely omnivorous, and a given species' trophic level was the same in burned and unburned plots. In A. gibbosa nests, sexuals had greater δ(15)N values than workers in both burned and unburned plots, which suggests that the former had a more protein-rich diet than the latter. Fire also appeared to have a major effect on A. gibbosa sex allocation: The proportion of nests that produced male brood was greater on burned zones, as was the mean number of males produced per nest with the same reproductive investment. Our results show that generalist ants with relatively broad diets maintained a constant trophic position, even following a major disturbance like fire. However, the dramatically reduced production of females on burned zones compared to unburned zones 1 year postfire may result in considerably reduced recruitment of new colonies in the mid to long term, which could yield genetic bottlenecks and founder effects. Our study paves the way for future functional analyses of fire-induced modifications in ant populations and communities.
Somatotropic regulation of fish growth and adiposity: growth hormone (GH) and somatolactin (SL) relationship.; Growth hormone (GH) and insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) play a major role in fish development and metabolism, and several studies have allowed discernment of a complex and tissue-specific collection of salmonid IGF-I transcripts (Ea-4, Ea-3, Ea-2, Ea-1), which are the result of the alternative splicing of the E-domain region. However, the pattern of IGF-I expression is different in non-salmonid fish, and only one or two transcripts (Ea-4, Ea-2) have been detected in hepatic and extrahepatic tissues of common carp, barramundi, black sea bream and gilthead sea bream. Despite this, when comparisons are made within Mediterranean fish species (European sea bass, common dentex and gilthead sea bream), plasma IGF-I levels are consistent with fish species differences in growth rates. Changes of growth rates, and plasma IGF-I and GH levels are also found in response to changes in diet composition and ration size, which may serve to assess the suitability of feeding regimes in aquaculture practice. Regulation of plasma somatolactin (SL) levels is also examined in gilthead sea bream, and the resulting plasma SL profile differs from that of GH. Thus, in contrast to GH, plasma SL levels augment with the increase of ration size and fish size (advancement of age). A transient increase in plasma SL levels is also found in short-term fasted fish, and this fish peptide may act as an anti-obesity hormone helping to expedite growth-reproductive processes following replenishment of fat stores, and/or mediate the adaptation to fasting until the lipolytic action of GH and/or other endocrine factors is fully accomplished. This agrees with the known increase of plasma SL levels during acute stress and exhaustive exercise. However, a causal link between SL and energy mobilisation (lipid metabolism) remains to be established, and further research is needed to determine the extent to which SL and GH act in a complementary manner to make available metabolic fuels and to regulate body fat mass and feeding behaviour.
Iron, folate and vitamin B12 levels in first trimester pregnancies in the Southwest region of Turkey.; OBJECTIVE: Iron, folate and vitamin B12 play important roles in the healthy development of the fetus in pregnancy. Preconceptional levels of these micronutrients is influenced by dietary habits. The purpose of this study was to investigate the status of iron, vitamin B12 and folate in first trimester pregnancies in the southwest region of Turkey where the Mediterranean Cuisine, rich in fresh fruit and vegetables is commonly consumed. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Two hundred and one low-middle income pregnant women were recruited during their first prenatal visit. Hemoglobin, ferritin, folate and vitamin B12 levels were evaluated and a structured questionnaire was given to gather information including age, gravida, parity, frequency of pregnancy, history of abortion, and intrauterine device usage. Based on WHO and international guidelines, anemia was defined as hemoglobin <11 g/dl, and iron deficiency as ferritin <15 μg/L. Serum folate and vitamin B12 deficiencies were defined as levels below 3 ng/ml and 200 pg/ml respectively. RESULTS: The mean age and gestational week were 26.4±5.3 years and 9±3 weeks respectively. Mean plasma concentrations were 12.8±9.7 g/dl for hemoglobin, 22.7±17.2 μg/L for ferritin, 12.2±5.6 ng/ml for folate and 266.6±100.2 pg/ml for vitamin B12. Anemia was detected in 4.5% of pregnant women, iron deficiency in 40.3%, vitamin B12 deficiency in 29.8% and folate deficiency in 0.5% of patients. In 10.9% of patients, both vitamin B12 and iron iron deficiency was detected. There was no significant difference for age, body mass index, gravida, parity, frequency of pregnancy, history of abortion, and intrauterine device usage between women with low and normal levels of vitamin B12 and Ferritin (p>0.05). CONCLUSION: Iron and vitamin B12 deficiencies were relatively common in the pregnant population consuming vegetable based diets. Iron and vitamin B12 supplementation in addition to folate must be considered for the wellbeing of the fetus in pregnant women living in areas where dietary patterns are mainly vegetable based.
The Influence of Lifestyle on Male Fertility in the Context of Insulin Resistance-Identification of Factors That Influence Semen Quality.; Background: Male fertility is known to have been negatively influenced by the progress of civilization. Another condition whose incidence has been on the increase for the same reason is insulin resistance (IR). In addition, men increasingly often resign from the pursuit of active forms of leisure, preferring more sedentary ones. Considering these trends, this aim of this study was to investigate the relationships between lifestyle factors, insulin resistance, and male fertility in men with and without the condition. A further aim was to select those lifestyle factors that would make it possible to predict the level of male fertility, especially when IR is concerned. Methods: This study was performed in a group of 73 participants, divided into groups based on their insulin resistance status. Their physical activity, diet, perceived stress, sleep quality, libido level, and duration of sexual abstinence were assessed on the basis of a number of parameters, including indices proposed by the authors. In addition, relevant anthropometric measurements were taken and tests related to glucose metabolism and semen quality were carried out. On the basis of these data, statistical tests were performed to establish or disprove relationships between lifestyle choices and semen quality, as measured my sperm motility. Results: The results of this study highlighted the associations between a number of parameters, i.e., micronutrient and vitamin intake, diet quality, body composition, insulin resistance, and the duration of sexual abstinence, and semen quality, as measured by sperm motility. Significantly, the presence or absence of IR was linked to male fertility. A multivariate model was developed, incorporating parameters such as the Matsuda index, vitamin intake, and sexual abstinence duration, to predict motility scores. Conclusions: This study underscores the negative impact of modern civilization's lifestyle choices on male fertility. Notably, vitamin and mineral consumption, especially from antioxidant-rich diets like the Mediterranean diet, emerged as key modifiable factors affecting fertility. Routine diagnostics for insulin resistance in fertility-related interventions is recommended. This study also highlights the importance of considering sexual abstinence duration during semen collection for accurate diagnostic results. Future research should focus on validating the proposed multivariate model and exploring the effects of lifestyle modifications, particularly vitamin supplementation, on fertility outcomes in men, especially in the context of IR.
Maternal macronutrient and energy intake during pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Nutritional status during pregnancy can have a significant impact on infant and maternal health outcomes. To maintain maternal homeostasis and support fetal growth, adequate macronutrient and energy intake during pregnancy is essential. Therefore, this study sought to systematically review and meta-analyze macronutrient and energy intakes during pregnancy. METHODS: A systematic review and meta-analysis was carried out based on the PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses) guidelines. The required data were collected from four databases including: Web of Sciences, ProQuest, Scopus, and PubMed, from 1 January 1980 to 30 May 2023, by using a combination of search terms (dietary pattern" OR "diet quality" OR "food habits" OR "nutrition surveys" OR "diet surveys" OR "food-frequency questionnaire" OR "diet record" OR "dietary recall") AND ( "pregnancy" OR "reproduction" OR "maternal health" OR "neonatal outcomes") among interventional and observational studies. Excel and STATA version 11 were used for data analysis. RESULTS: Among 7081 published articles, 54 studies were included in the review. Most of the 33 (61%) studies were cohort studies and a total of 135,566 pregnant women were included. The overall average of energy, carbohydrate, fat, and protein intake was 2036.10 kcal/day, 262.17 gr/day, 74.17 gr/day, and 78.21 gr/day, respectively. Also, energy intake during pregnancy was higher in American (2228.31 kcal/day, CI95%: 2135.06-2325.63) and Eastern Mediterranean regions (2226.70 kcal/day, CI95%: 2077.23-2386.92) than other regions (P < 0.001). Energy intake was higher in the third trimester than others (2115.64 kcal/day, CI95%: 1974.15-2267.27). Furthermore, based on the findings, there was a significant difference between energy intake in different World Health Organization (WHO) regions (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: According to the results of meta-analysis, the average total energy was below than average total energy required during pregnancy. More efforts are needed to encourage women to adopt healthy eating habits during pregnancy to support healthy fetal and infant development.
Health-Related Lifestyles, Substance-Related Behaviors, and Sexual Habits Among Italian Young Adult Males: An Epidemiologic Study.; INTRODUCTION: Young adult males are more likely to demonstrate health-risk behaviors than other individuals. The use of specific data about health-risk behaviors within this population might be important to promote effective preventive psychosocial and educational programs and interventions. AIM: To provide a detailed description of health-related lifestyles, substance-related behaviors, and sexual habits that can negatively affect fertility, sexual sphere, and health in a large sample of Italian young adult males. METHODS: A sample comprising 2,170 males aged 18-21 years, attending the last year of high school, was administered an online questionnaire made up of 39 multiple-choice questions. The questionnaire explored health-related lifestyles, substance-related behaviors, and sexuality and sexual habits. Descriptive analyses were conducted. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: The outcome measures included data about health-related lifestyles, substance-related behaviors, and sexuality and sexual habits reported by Italian young adult males. RESULTS: Health-related lifestyles: 92.9% of the sample reported practicing some physical activity during the week. 90.3% declared a Mediterranean diet and 8.1% a hyperproteic diet. Substance-related behaviors: 33.8% of the sample reported having smoked tobacco at least once in their lives; among them, 71% reported current daily smoking. 40.2% declared drinking alcohol from 5 to 7 days in a week. 32.9% of the sample reported currently using a substance. Sexuality and sexual habits: 97.1% of the sample self-defined themselves as heterosexual. 73.3% of participants rated their knowledge about sexuality as "excellent/good," 58.7% about sexually transmitted infections. Only 4.8% reported having had a seminal liquid examination. Half of the sample (52.2%) declared having had sexual intercourses, in the largest proportion protected sex. 14.7% of the sample reported having at least one sexual dysfunction. 88.6% of participants reported having used pornography, 18.7% every day. CONCLUSION: The present study highlighted the need to empower the number and efficacy of preventive interventions to promote health-related behaviors among Italian young male population. Flesia L, Cavalieri F, Angelini S, et al. Health-Related Lifestyles, Substance-Related Behaviors, and Sexual Habits Among Italian Young Adult Males: An Epidemiologic Study. Sex Med 2020;8:361-369.
[Marginality, ethnic groups and health].; Main marginated ethnic groups in Span are to be found among gypsies and 3rd world immigrants. The first group include about 250,000 persons and the second group more tan half a million people. Their origins and their being past of the less fortunate social layers made them a group of health risk. Pediatric pathologies are those favored by socio-economic shortcomings as well as hygienic-sanitary deficiencies. Imported pediatric pathologies have a small incident.
Geographical variation of cancer mortality in Italy.; The distribution of death certification rates from various cancers or groups of cancers in broad Italian geographical areas (north/centre/south) was analysed. In both sexes, total cancer mortality was considerably elevated in the north of the country compared to southern regions (around 70% for males and 30% for females in the truncated 35-64 rate), and generally intermediate in central areas. Northern mortality rates were higher for respiratory cancers and other tobacco related neoplasms (excluding bladder), with a north/south ratio ranging from 1.5 for lung and most respiratory sites to about 4.0 for oesophageal cancer in males. There was little tendency towards a leveling of these differences in younger (40-49 year old) males. Northern areas showed higher death certification rates for cancers of the stomach, large bowel, liver and most other digestive sites. The lower gastric cancer mortality registered in southern Italy is curious, since this is the poorest part of the country. Death certification rates from all other common neoplasms (uterus apart) were also elevated in the north. The geographical variation, however, appeared more limited for non-epithelial neoplasms. The substantial differences in cancer mortality between various Italian geographical areas can hardly be dismissed as due to lower death certification accuracy in the south. Some of the differences can be explained in terms of available knowledge of the causes of cancer (eg reproductive factors for breast and ovarian neoplasms, alcohol plus tobacco for oesophageal cancer). However, the lower mortality from respiratory cancers in southern areas can only with some difficulty be totally explained in terms of tobacco consumption. Likewise, the north/south variation cannot be related to non-specific consequences of industrialization, since cancer mortality was similarly elevated in highly industrialized and chiefly rural northern areas. It is conceivable that dietary factors may also explain some of the differences. However, at present, there is no obvious general explanation for this quite peculiar geographical distribution of cancer mortality within a single country.
Correlation between dietary score and depression in cancer patients: Data from the 2005-2018 National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys.; AIM: To investigate the correlation between dietary score and depression in patients with cancer. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, data were collected from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2005-2018, a cross-sectional and nationally representative database, to compare 322 patients with depression to 2,868 with no depression. Mediterranean (MEDS) diet, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, and the Healthy Eating Index 2015 (HEI-2015) score were calculated. Depression was assessed using the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9). Weighted logistic regression models were used to explore the relationship between dietary scores and depression in patients with cancer. Subgroup analysis was performed by sleep disorders, sex, cancer type, number of tumors, and pain relief prescription treatment. RESULTS: The final study sample included 3,190 adults, with 56.94% of them being women, representing 2,177 (86.51%) non-Hispanic white adults. After multivariable adjustment, the MEDS score was correlated with a reduced risk of depression in patients with cancer [odds ratio (OR): 0.90, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.82-0.97, p = 0.010]. Moreover, the MEDS score was correlated with depression in cancer patients with sleep disorders (OR: 0.84, 95% CI: 0.76-0.93, p = 0.001), in female patients with cancer (OR: 0.83, 95% CI: 0.74-0.92, p < 0.001), particularly in female cancer reproductive system patients (OR: 0.69, 95% CI: 0.57-0.82, p < 0.001). MEDS score also showed a decreased risk of depression in patients with 1 cancer (OR: 0.90, 95% CI: 0.82-0.98, p = 0.019). MEDS score (OR: 0.86, 95% CI: 0.86-0.98, p = 0.024) and DASH (OR: 0.91, 95% CI: 0.84-0.98, p = 0.015) score were related to a decreased risk of depression in patients with cancer using pain relief prescription. CONCLUSION: Good diet quality is significantly correlated with decreased risk of depression in patients with cancer. Aligning with the Dietary Guidelines, such as the MEDS diet, may be beneficial to the reduced risk of depression in patients with cancer.
The Changing Global Burden of Cancer: Transitions in Human Development and Implications for Cancer Prevention and Control.; Changes in fertility and life expectancy are leading to major changes in the structure of the global population and, in turn, in the scale of the cancer problem worldwide and at every resource level (WHO 2011b). In addition to the increasing burden of cancer is a changing spectrum of common cancers that is in different regions correlated with levels of human development (Bray and others 2012). The ongoing cancer transition includes a reduction in infection-related cancers (for example, stomach and cervical cancer) that is offset by increases in cancers linked to a Westernization of lifestyle (for example, breast, prostate, and colorectal cancer). The transition also encompasses changes in risk behavior, including tobacco uptake, with a delayed but large impact on the burden from lung and other tobacco-related cancers (Bray and others 2012). The cancer transition is not uniform, however: in Sub-Saharan Africa, recent increases in cervical cancer are observed in Uganda and Zimbabwe; in many countries, a residual burden of cancers associated with infectious agents accompanies the increasing burden of cancers associated with economic transition (Parkin and others 2014). This chapter presents a global overview of the cancer burden, patterns and profiles, recent trends in common cancers, and the expected future scale of the disease by 2030. We link geographical and temporal patterns of cancer to corresponding levels of economic progress to provide an overview of the key characteristics of the global cancer transition. We use gross national income (GNI) per capita as a national indicator of societal as well as economic development (http://data.worldbank.org/news/new-country-classifications), and corresponding rates of cancer incidence and mortality as markers of the extent of the global cancer transition. We draw attention to geographical variations and trends in cancer-specific rates according to differing economic profiles and in each of the world’s regions. In addition, we provide a global, trends-based projection of the likely cancer burden in 2030, based on historical trends refined by incorporating an indicator of level of development. We also examine the number of potentially avoidable new cases and cancer deaths, assuming a reduction in risk factors (Hanley 2001). Even today, tobacco smoking is by far the most important risk factor for cancer (Lim and others 2012). Although the smoking habit is in decline in many high-income countries (HICs), tobacco consumption is still rising in many low- and middle-income countries (LMICs) (Thun and others 2012). As part of the global socioeconomic transition, many countries presently classified as low- or middle-income are increasingly adopting Westernized diets and more sedentary and less physically active lifestyles, leading to a rapid shift in the profile of common cancers in these populations (Bray and others 2012). In view of these developments, this chapter also reviews the main causes of cancer, with an emphasis on the sources of disparities that contribute to an increasingly greater proportional burden from cancer in LMICs, and the prospects for cancer control in different settings. We conclude by pointing to how the high-level political commitment to reduce the rising burden of cancer and other noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) can advance the measurement of cancer to inform cancer control action. There remains an overwhelming need to improve the quality and coverage of population-based cancer registration in most LMICs, as an essential component in planning and evaluating national cancer control activities. This chapter uses the World Health Organization’s (WHO) geographical regions: Africa, the Americas, South-East Asia, Europe, Eastern Mediterranean, and Western Pacific.
The Changing Global Burden of Cancer: Transitions in Human Development and Implications for Cancer Prevention and Control.; Parenteral nutrition (PN) is provided through intravenous administration to patients who are unable to meet their nutritional needs either through oral intake or enteral nutrition (EN) due to pathological or surgical conditions.(–) Decades of research have resulted in the development of relatively safe PN formulations containing amino acids, glucose, lipids (as emulsions), electrolytes, vitamins and trace elements. PN may be used for short or long periods of time depending on the morbidity and its severity. However, prolonged use of PN may be associated with increased risk of long-term adverse events including hypertriglyceridemia, infections, metabolic bone disease, and PN-associated liver disease (PNALD).(,) The source of oil present in lipid emulsions is believed to play an important role in the development of long-term complications. Soybean oil (SO) is not only an excellent source of non-protein energy, but also rich in essential fatty acids such as linoleic acid (18:2 n-6) and alpha-linolenic acid (18:3 n-3) and non-essential oleic acid (18:1 n-9). The letters “n” and “ω” for omega are used interchangeably. These fatty acids are precursors of longer chain fatty acids, arachidonic acid (AA; 20:4 n-6), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20:5 n-3), and eicosatrienoic acid (Mead acid, 20:3 n-9), respectively. AA and Mead acid have more proinflammatory properties than EPA. Prolonged use of SO emulsions in PN has been associated with hypertriglyceridemia, proinflammatory profile, and PNALD.(,) As a result, different lipid formulations have been developed. For instance, olive oil (OO) has been added to reduce the amount of SO in lipid emulsions for PN. OO is the main source of lipid in the Mediterranean diet, consisting of monounsaturated fatty acids such as oleic acid (18:1 n-9), phenolic compounds, and squalene. Diets enriched with OO have been linked to health benefits such as prevention of cancer, heart disease, and aging through its antioxidant properties. Compared with pure SO emulsion in PN, a mixture of 80% OO/20% SO has been shown to have some clinical benefits, despite the concern about the increase in Mead acid levels in OO enriched lipid emulsions. Another lipid has been used to reduce the level SO component in lipid emulsions for PN was medium chain triglycerides (MCT), containing fatty acids of 6 to 12 carbon atoms. Unlike long chain triglycerides (LCT) with fatty acid chains ranging from 14 to 21 carbon atoms, MCT are more water soluble and readily oxidized in the mitochondria for the production of energy. A mixture of 50% MCT/50% LCT has been developed and considered to be safe and tolerable in patients requiring PN. However, the beneficial effects of MCT/LCT compared with other lipid emulsions for PN remains unclear. Fish oil (FO) has lately been considered as an ideal choice of lipid to partially or completely replace SO. FO has a high content of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (20% to 40%), particularly EPA and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6 n-3), which have been shown to reduce inflammation by competing with AA for eicosanoid synthesis, producing the 3-series of prostaglandins and thromboxanes and the 5-series of leukotrienes. Mixed-oil containing FO for use in PN such as SO/MCT/OO/FO (30%/30%/25%/15%) or MCT/SO/FO (50%/40%/10%) has been recently developed and is available for PN use. From small-scale clinical trials, fish oil enriched PN appears to have some clinical benefits compared with non-fish oil enriched PN.(,) In a recent CADTH report, published in 2017, entitled “Lipid Formulations for Patients Requiring Parenteral Nutrition: A Review of Clinical and Cost-Effectiveness and Guidelines”, low quality evidence found no difference in comparative clinical effectiveness among lipid emulsions examined in preterm infants. There was some evidence that fish oil enriched PN had some clinical benefits in non-surgical and surgical adult patients in intensive care unit (ICU). Economic evaluations from low-quality studies showed that FO emulsion was more cost-effective than SO-based emulsions. None of the identified guidelines could make strong recommendations regarding the type of lipid emulsions for PN due to insufficient evidence. The aim of this report is to update the clinical effectiveness, cost-effectiveness, and evidence-based guidelines on the use of lipid formulations for patients requiring PN.
Folic acid supplementation and malaria susceptibility and severity among people taking antifolate antimalarial drugs in endemic areas.; BACKGROUND: Description of the condition Malaria, an infectious disease transmitted by the bite of female mosquitoes from several Anopheles species, occurs in 87 countries with ongoing transmission (WHO 2020). The World Health Organization (WHO) estimated that, in 2019, approximately 229 million cases of malaria occurred worldwide, with 94% occurring in the WHO's African region (WHO 2020). Of these malaria cases, an estimated 409,000 deaths occurred globally, with 67% occurring in children under five years of age (WHO 2020). Malaria also negatively impacts the health of women during pregnancy, childbirth, and the postnatal period (WHO 2020). Sulfadoxine/pyrimethamine (SP), an antifolate antimalarial, has been widely used across sub-Saharan Africa as the first-line treatment for uncomplicated malaria since it was first introduced in Malawi in 1993 (Filler 2006). Due to increasing resistance to SP, in 2000 the WHO recommended that one of several artemisinin-based combination therapies (ACTs) be used instead of SP for the treatment of uncomplicated malaria caused by Plasmodium falciparum (Global Partnership to Roll Back Malaria 2001). However, despite these recommendations, SP continues to be advised for intermittent preventive treatment in pregnancy (IPTp) and intermittent preventive treatment in infants (IPTi), whether the person has malaria or not (WHO 2013). Description of the intervention Folate (vitamin B9) includes both naturally occurring folates and folic acid, the fully oxidized monoglutamic form of the vitamin, used in dietary supplements and fortified food. Folate deficiency (e.g. red blood cell (RBC) folate concentrations of less than 305 nanomoles per litre (nmol/L); serum or plasma concentrations of less than 7 nmol/L) is common in many parts of the world and often presents as megaloblastic anaemia, resulting from inadequate intake, increased requirements, reduced absorption, or abnormal metabolism of folate (Bailey 2015; WHO 2015a). Pregnant women have greater folate requirements; inadequate folate intake (evidenced by RBC folate concentrations of less than 400 nanograms per millilitre (ng/mL), or 906 nmol/L) prior to and during the first month of pregnancy increases the risk of neural tube defects, preterm delivery, low birthweight, and fetal growth restriction (Bourassa 2019). The WHO recommends that all women who are trying to conceive consume 400 micrograms (µg) of folic acid daily from the time they begin trying to conceive through to 12 weeks of gestation (WHO 2017). In 2015, the WHO added the dosage of 0.4 mg of folic acid to the essential drug list (WHO 2015c). Alongside daily oral iron (30 mg to 60 mg elemental iron), folic acid supplementation is recommended for pregnant women to prevent neural tube defects, maternal anaemia, puerperal sepsis, low birthweight, and preterm birth in settings where anaemia in pregnant women is a severe public health problem (i.e. where at least 40% of pregnant women have a blood haemoglobin (Hb) concentration of less than 110 g/L). How the intervention might work Potential interactions between folate status and malaria infection The malaria parasite requires folate for survival and growth; this has led to the hypothesis that folate status may influence malaria risk and severity. In rhesus monkeys, folate deficiency has been found to be protective against Plasmodium cynomolgi malaria infection, compared to folate-replete animals (Metz 2007). Alternatively, malaria may induce or exacerbate folate deficiency due to increased folate utilization from haemolysis and fever. Further, folate status measured via RBC folate is not an appropriate biomarker of folate status in malaria-infected individuals since RBC folate values in these individuals are indicative of both the person's stores and the parasite's folate synthesis. A study in Nigeria found that children with malaria infection had significantly higher RBC folate concentrations compared to children without malaria infection, but plasma folate levels were similar (Bradley-Moore 1985). Why it is important to do this review The malaria parasite needs folate for survival and growth in humans. For individuals, adequate folate levels are critical for health and well-being, and for the prevention of anaemia and neural tube defects. Many countries rely on folic acid supplementation to ensure adequate folate status in at-risk populations. Different formulations for folic acid supplements are available in many international settings, with dosages ranging from 400 µg to 5 mg. Evaluating folic acid dosage levels used in supplementation efforts may increase public health understanding of its potential impacts on malaria risk and severity and on treatment failures. Examining folic acid interactions with antifolate antimalarial medications and with malaria disease progression may help countries in malaria-endemic areas determine what are the most appropriate lower dose folic acid formulations for at-risk populations. The WHO has highlighted the limited evidence available and has indicated the need for further research on biomarkers of folate status, particularly interactions between RBC folate concentrations and tuberculosis, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), and antifolate antimalarial drugs (WHO 2015b). An earlier Cochrane Review assessed the effects and safety of iron supplementation, with or without folic acid, in children living in hyperendemic or holoendemic malaria areas; it demonstrated that iron supplementation did not increase the risk of malaria, as indicated by fever and the presence of parasites in the blood (Neuberger 2016). Further, this review stated that folic acid may interfere with the efficacy of SP; however, the efficacy and safety of folic acid supplementation on these outcomes has not been established. This review will provide evidence on the effectiveness of daily folic acid supplementation in healthy and malaria-infected individuals living in malaria-endemic areas. Additionally, it will contribute to achieving both the WHO Global Technical Strategy for Malaria 2016-2030 (WHO 2015d), and United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 3 (to ensure healthy lives and to promote well-being for all of all ages) (United Nations 2021), and evaluating whether the potential effects of folic acid supplementation, at different doses (e.g. 0.4 mg, 1 mg, 5 mg daily), interferes with the effect of drugs used for prevention or treatment of malaria. OBJECTIVES: To examine the effects of folic acid supplementation, at various doses, on malaria susceptibility (risk of infection) and severity among people living in areas with various degrees of malaria endemicity. We will examine the interaction between folic acid supplements and antifolate antimalarial drugs. Specifically, we will aim to answer the following. Among uninfected people living in malaria endemic areas, who are taking or not taking antifolate antimalarials for malaria prophylaxis, does taking a folic acid-containing supplement increase susceptibility to or severity of malaria infection? Among people with malaria infection who are being treated with antifolate antimalarials, does folic acid supplementation increase the risk of treatment failure? METHODS: Criteria for considering studies for this review Types of studies Inclusion criteria Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) Quasi-RCTs with randomization at the individual or cluster level conducted in malaria-endemic areas (areas with ongoing, local malaria transmission, including areas approaching elimination, as listed in the World Malaria Report 2020) (WHO 2020) Exclusion criteria Ecological studies Observational studies In vivo/in vitro studies Economic studies Systematic literature reviews and meta-analyses (relevant systematic literature reviews and meta-analyses will be excluded but flagged for grey literature screening) Types of participants Inclusion criteria Individuals of any age or gender, living in a malaria endemic area, who are taking antifolate antimalarial medications (including but not limited to sulfadoxine/pyrimethamine (SP), pyrimethamine-dapsone, pyrimethamine, chloroquine and proguanil, cotrimoxazole) for the prevention or treatment of malaria (studies will be included if more than 70% of the participants live in malaria-endemic regions) Studies assessing participants with or without anaemia and with or without malaria parasitaemia at baseline will be included Exclusion criteria Individuals not taking antifolate antimalarial medications for prevention or treatment of malaria Individuals living in non-malaria endemic areas Types of interventions Inclusion criteria Folic acid supplementation Form: in tablet, capsule, dispersible tablet at any dose, during administration, or periodically Timing: during, before, or after (within a period of four to six weeks) administration of antifolate antimalarials Iron-folic acid supplementation Folic acid supplementation in combination with co-interventions that are identical between the intervention and control groups. Co-interventions include: anthelminthic treatment; multivitamin or multiple micronutrient supplementation; 5-methyltetrahydrofolate supplementation. Exclusion criteria Folate through folate-fortified water Folic acid administered through large-scale fortification of rice, wheat, or maize Comparators Placebo No treatment No folic acid/different doses of folic acid Iron Types of outcome measures Primary outcomes Uncomplicated malaria (defined as a history of fever with parasitological confirmation; acceptable parasitological confirmation will include rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs), malaria smears, or nucleic acid detection (i.e. polymerase chain reaction (PCR), loop-mediated isothermal amplification (LAMP), etc.)) (WHO 2010). This outcome is relevant for patients without malaria, given antifolate antimalarials for malaria prophylaxis. Severe malaria (defined as any case with cerebral malaria or acute P. falciparum malaria, with signs of severity or evidence of vital organ dysfunction, or both) (WHO 2010). This outcome is relevant for patients without malaria, given antifolate antimalarials for malaria prophylaxis. Parasite clearance (any Plasmodium species), defined as the time it takes for a patient who tests positive at enrolment and is treated to become smear-negative or PCR negative. This outcome is relevant for patients with malaria, treated with antifolate antimalarials. Treatment failure (defined as the inability to clear malaria parasitaemia or prevent recrudescence after administration of antimalarial medicine, regardless of whether clinical symptoms are resolved) (WHO 2019). This outcome is relevant for patients with malaria, treated with antifolate antimalarials. Secondary outcomes Duration of parasitaemia Parasite density Haemoglobin (Hb) concentrations (g/L) Anaemia: severe anaemia (defined as Hb less than 70 g/L in pregnant women and children aged six to 59 months; and Hb less than 80 g/L in other populations); moderate anaemia (defined as Hb less than 100 g/L in pregnant women and children aged six to 59 months; and less than 110 g/L in others) Death from any cause Among pregnant women: stillbirth (at less than 28 weeks gestation); low birthweight (less than 2500 g); active placental malaria (defined as Plasmodium detected in placental blood by smear or PCR, or by Plasmodium detected on impression smear or placental histology). Search methods for identification of studies A search will be conducted to identify completed and ongoing studies, without date or language restrictions. Electronic searches A search strategy will be designed to include the appropriate subject headings and text word terms related to each intervention of interest and study design of interest (see Appendix 1). Searches will be broken down by these two criteria (intervention of interest and study design of interest) to allow for ease of prioritization, if necessary. The study design filters recommended by the Scottish Intercollegiate Guidelines Network (SIGN), and those designed by Cochrane for identifying clinical trials for MEDLINE and Embase, will be used (SIGN 2020). There will be no date or language restrictions. Non-English articles identified for inclusion will be translated into English. If translations are not possible, advice will be requested from the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group and the record will be stored in the "Awaiting assessment" section of the review until a translation is available. The following electronic databases will be searched for primary studies. Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials. Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL). Embase. MEDLINE. Scopus. Web of Science (both the Social Science Citation Index and the Science Citation Index). We will conduct manual searches of ClinicalTrials.gov, the International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP), and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) Evaluation and Research Database (ERD), in order to identify relevant ongoing or planned trials, abstracts, and full-text reports of evaluations, studies, and surveys related to programmes on folic acid supplementation in malaria-endemic areas. Additionally, manual searches of grey literature to identify RCTs that have not yet been published but are potentially eligible for inclusion will be conducted in the following sources. Global Index Medicus (GIM). African Index Medicus (AIM). Index Medicus for the Eastern Mediterranean Region (IMEMR). Latin American & Caribbean Health Sciences Literature (LILACS). Pan American Health Organization (PAHO). Western Pacific Region Index Medicus (WPRO). Index Medicus for the South-East Asian Region (IMSEAR). The Spanish Bibliographic Index in Health Sciences (IBECS) (ibecs.isciii.es/). Indian Journal of Medical Research (IJMR) (journals.lww.com/ijmr/pages/default.aspx). Native Health Database (nativehealthdatabase.net/). Scielo (www.scielo.br/). Searching other resources Handsearches of the five journals with the highest number of included studies in the last 12 months will be conducted to capture any relevant articles that may not have been indexed in the databases at the time of the search. We will contact the authors of included studies and will check reference lists of included papers for the identification of additional records. For assistance in identifying ongoing or unpublished studies, we will contact the Division of Nutrition, Physical Activity, and Obesity (DNPAO) and the Division of Parasitic Diseases and Malaria (DPDM) of the CDC, the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP), Nutrition International (NI), Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition (GAIN), and Hellen Keller International (HKI). Data collection and analysis Selection of studies Two review authors will independently screen the titles and abstracts of articles retrieved by each search to assess eligibility, as determined by the inclusion and exclusion criteria. Studies deemed eligible for inclusion by both review authors in the abstract screening phase will advance to the full-text screening phase, and full-text copies of all eligible papers will be retrieved. If full articles cannot be obtained, we will attempt to contact the authors to obtain further details of the studies. If such information is not obtained, we will classify the study as "awaiting assessment" until further information is published or made available to us. The same two review authors will independently assess the eligibility of full-text articles for inclusion in the systematic review. If any discrepancies occur between the studies selected by the two review authors, a third review author will provide arbitration. Each trial will be scrutinized to identify multiple publications from the same data set, and the justification for excluded trials will be documented. A PRISMA flow diagram of the study selection process will be presented to provide information on the number of records identified in the literature searches, the number of studies included and excluded, and the reasons for exclusion (Moher 2009). The list of excluded studies, along with their reasons for exclusion at the full-text screening phase, will also be created. Data extraction and management Two review authors will independently extract data for the final list of included studies using a standardized data specification form. Discrepancies observed between the data extracted by the two authors will be resolved by involving a third review author and reaching a consensus. Information will be extracted on study design components, baseline participant characteristics, intervention characteristics, and outcomes. For individually randomized trials, we will record the number of participants experiencing the event and the number analyzed in each treatment group or the effect estimate reported (e.g. risk ratio (RR)) for dichotomous outcome measures. For count data, we will record the number of events and the number of person-months of follow-up in each group. If the number of person-months is not reported, the product of the duration of follow-up and the number of children evaluated will be used to estimate this figure. We will calculate the rate ratio and standard error (SE) for each study. Zero events will be replaced by 0.5. We will extract both adjusted and unadjusted covariate incidence rate ratios if they are reported in the original studies. For continuous data, we will extract means (arithmetic or geometric) and a measure of variance (standard deviation (SD), SE, or confidence interval (CI)), percentage or mean change from baseline, and the numbers analyzed in each group. SDs will be computed from SEs or 95% CIs, assuming a normal distribution of the values. Haemoglobin values in g/dL will be calculated by multiplying haematocrit or packed cell volume values by 0.34, and studies reporting haemoglobin values in g/dL will be converted to g/L. In cluster-randomized trials, we will record the unit of randomization (e.g. household, compound, sector, or village), the number of clusters in the trial, and the average cluster size. The statistical methods used to analyze the trials will be documented, along with details describing whether these methods adjusted for clustering or other covariates. We plan to extract estimates of the intra-cluster correlation coefficient (ICC) for each outcome. Where results are adjusted for clustering, we will extract the treatment effect estimate and the SD or CI. If the results are not adjusted for clustering, we will extract the data reported. Assessment of risk of bias in included studies Two review authors (KSC, LFY) will independently assess the risk of bias for each included trial using the Cochrane 'Risk of bias 2' tool (RoB 2) for randomized studies (Sterne 2019). Judgements about the risk of bias of included studies will be made according to the recommendations outlined in the Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions (Higgins 2021). Disagreements will be resolved by discussion, or by involving a third review author. The interest of our review will be to assess the effect of assignment to the interventions at baseline. We will evaluate each primary outcome using the RoB2 tool. The five domains of the Cochrane RoB2 tool include the following. Bias arising from the randomization process. Bias due to deviations from intended interventions. Bias due to missing outcome data. Bias in measurement of the outcome. Bias in selection of the reported result. Each domain of the RoB2 tool comprises the following. A series of 'signalling' questions. A judgement about the risk of bias for the domain, facilitated by an algorithm that maps responses to the signalling questions to a proposed judgement. Free-text boxes to justify responses to the signalling questions and 'Risk of bias' judgements. An option to predict (and explain) the likely direction of bias. Responses to signalling questions elicit information relevant to an assessment of the risk of bias. These response options are as follows. Yes (may indicate either low or high risk of bias, depending on the most natural way to ask the question). Probably yes. Probably no. No. No information (may indicate no evidence of that problem or an absence of information leading to concerns about there being a problem). Based on the answer to the signalling question, a 'Risk of bias' judgement is assigned to each domain. These judgements include one of the following. High risk of bias Low risk of bias Some concerns To generate the risk of bias judgement for each domain in the randomized studies, we will use the Excel template, available at www.riskofbias.info/welcome/rob-2-0-tool/current-version-of-rob-2. This file will be stored on a scientific data website, available to readers. Risk of bias in cluster randomized controlled trials For the cluster randomized trials, we will be using the RoB2 tool to analyze the five standard domains listed above along with Domain 1b (bias arising from the timing of identification or recruitment of participants) and its related signalling questions. To generate the risk of bias judgement for each domain in the cluster RCTs, we will use the Excel template available at https://sites.google.com/site/riskofbiastool/welcome/rob-2-0-tool/rob-2-for-cluster-randomized-trials. This file will be stored on a scientific data website, available to readers. Risk of bias in cross-over randomized controlled trials For cross-over randomized trials, we will be using the RoB2 tool to analyze the five standard domains listed above along with Domain 2 (bias due to deviations from intended interventions), and Domain 3 (bias due to missing outcome data), and their respective signalling questions. To generate the risk of bias judgement for each domain in the cross-over RCTs, we will use the Excel template, available at https://sites.google.com/site/riskofbiastool/welcome/rob-2-0-tool/rob-2-for-crossover-trials, for each risk of bias judgement of cross-over randomized studies. This file will be stored on a scientific data website, available to readers. Overall risk of bias The overall 'Risk of bias' judgement for each specific trial being assessed will be based on each domain-level judgement. The overall judgements include the following. Low risk of bias (the trial is judged to be at low risk of bias for all domains). Some concerns (the trial is judged to raise some concerns in at least one domain but is not judged to be at high risk of bias for any domain). High risk of bias (the trial is judged to be at high risk of bias in at least one domain, or is judged to have some concerns for multiple domains in a way that substantially lowers confidence in the result). The 'risk of bias' assessments will inform our GRADE evaluations of the certainty of evidence for our primary outcomes presented in the 'Summary of findings' tables and will also be used to inform the sensitivity analyses; (see Sensitivity analysis). If there is insufficient information in study reports to enable an assessment of the risk of bias, studies will be classified as "awaiting assessment" until further information is published or made available to us. Measures of treatment effect Dichotomous data For dichotomous data, we will present proportions and, for two-group comparisons, results as average RR or odds ratio (OR) with 95% CIs. Ordered categorical data Continuous data We will report results for continuous outcomes as the mean difference (MD) with 95% CIs, if outcomes are measured in the same way between trials. Where some studies have reported endpoint data and others have reported change-from-baseline data (with errors), we will combine these in the meta-analysis, if the outcomes were reported using the same scale. We will use the standardized mean difference (SMD), with 95% CIs, to combine trials that measured the same outcome but used different methods. If we do not find three or more studies for a pooled analysis, we will summarize the results in a narrative form. Unit of analysis issues Cluster-randomized trials We plan to combine results from both cluster-randomized and individually randomized studies, providing there is little heterogeneity between the studies. If the authors of cluster-randomized trials conducted their analyses at a different level from that of allocation, and they have not appropriately accounted for the cluster design in their analyses, we will calculate the trials' effective sample sizes to account for the effect of clustering in data. When one or more cluster-RCT reports RRs adjusted for clustering, we will compute cluster-adjusted SEs for the other trials. When none of the cluster-RCTs provide cluster-adjusted RRs, we will adjust the sample size for clustering. We will divide, by the estimated design effects (DE), the number of events and number evaluated for dichotomous outcomes and the number evaluated for continuous outcomes, where DE = 1 + ((average cluster size 1) * ICC). The derivation of the estimated ICCs and DEs will be reported. We will utilize the intra-cluster correlation coefficient (ICC), derived from the trial (if available), or from another source (e.g., using the ICCs derived from other, similar trials) and then calculate the design effect with the formula provided in the Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions (Higgins 2021). If this approach is used, we will report it and undertake sensitivity analysis to investigate the effect of variations in ICC. Studies with more than two treatment groups If we identify studies with more than two intervention groups (multi-arm studies), where possible we will combine groups to create a single pair-wise comparison or use the methods set out in the Cochrane Handbook to avoid double counting study participants (Higgins 2021). For the subgroup analyses, when the control group was shared by two or more study arms, we will divide the control group (events and total population) over the number of relevant subgroups to avoid double counting the participants. Trials with several study arms can be included more than once for different comparisons. Cross-over trials From cross-over trials, we will consider the first period of measurement only and will analyze the results together with parallel-group studies. Multiple outcome events In several outcomes, a participant might experience more than one outcome event during the trial period. For all outcomes, we will extract the number of participants with at least one event. Dealing with missing data We will contact the trial authors if the available data are unclear, missing, or reported in a format that is different from the format needed. We aim to perform a 'per protocol' or 'as observed' analysis; otherwise, we will perform a complete case analysis. This means that for treatment failure, we will base the analyses on the participants who received treatment and the number of participants for which there was an inability to clear malarial parasitaemia or prevent recrudescence after administration of an antimalarial medicine reported in the studies. Assessment of heterogeneity Heterogeneity in the results of the trials will be assessed by visually examining the forest plot to detect non-overlapping CIs, using the Chi2 test of heterogeneity (where a P value of less than 0.1 indicates statistical significance) and the I2 statistic of inconsistency (with a value of greater than 50% denoting moderate levels of heterogeneity). When statistical heterogeneity is present, we will investigate the reasons for it, using subgroup analysis. Assessment of reporting biases We will construct a funnel plot to assess the effect of small studies for the main outcome (when including more than 10 trials). Data synthesis The primary analysis will include all eligible studies that provide data regardless of the overall risk of bias as assessed by the RoB2 tool. Analyses will be conducted using Review Manager 5.4 (Review Manager 2020). Cluster-RCTs will be included in the main analysis after adjustment for clustering (see the previous section on cluster-RCTs). The meta-analysis will be performed using the Mantel-Haenszel random-effects model or the generic inverse variance method (when adjustment for clustering is performed by adjusting SEs), as appropriate. Subgroup analysis and investigation of heterogeneity The overall risk of bias will not be used as the basis in conducting our subgroup analyses. However, where data are available, we plan to conduct the following subgroup analyses, independent of heterogeneity. Dose of folic acid supplementation: higher doses (4 mg or more, daily) versus lower doses (less than 4 mg, daily). Moderate-severe anaemia at baseline (mean haemoglobin of participants in a trial at baseline below 100 g/L for pregnant women and children aged six to 59 months, and below 110 g/L for other populations) versus normal at baseline (mean haemoglobin above 100 g/L for pregnant women and children aged six to 59 months, and above 110 g/L for other populations). Antimalarial drug resistance to parasite: known resistance versus no resistance versus unknown/mixed/unreported parasite resistance. Folate status at baseline: Deficient (e.g. RBC folate concentration of less than 305 nmol/L, or serum folate concentration of less than 7nmol/L) and Insufficient (e.g. RBC folate concentration from 305 to less than 906 nmol/L, or serum folate concentration from 7 to less than 25 nmol/L) versus Sufficient (e.g. RBC folate concentration above 906 nmol/L, or serum folate concentration above 25 nmol/L). Presence of anaemia at baseline: yes versus no. Mandatory fortification status: yes, versus no (voluntary or none). We will only use the primary outcomes in any subgroup analyses, and we will limit subgroup analyses to those outcomes for which three or more trials contributed data. Comparisons between subgroups will be performed using Review Manager 5.4 (Review Manager 2020). Sensitivity analysis We will perform a sensitivity analysis, using the risk of bias as a variable to explore the robustness of the findings in our primary outcomes. We will verify the behaviour of our estimators by adding and removing studies with a high risk of bias overall from the analysis. That is, studies with a low risk of bias versus studies with a high risk of bias. Summary of findings and assessment of the certainty of the evidence For the assessment across studies, we will use the GRADE approach, as outlined in (Schünemann 2021). We will use the five GRADE considerations (study limitations based on RoB2 judgements, consistency of effect, imprecision, indirectness, and publication bias) to assess the certainty of the body of evidence as it relates to the studies which contribute data to the meta-analyses for the primary outcomes. The GRADEpro Guideline Development Tool (GRADEpro) will be used to import data from Review Manager 5.4 (Review Manager 2020) to create 'Summary of Findings' tables. The primary outcomes for the main comparison will be listed with estimates of relative effects, along with the number of participants and studies contributing data for those outcomes. These tables will provide outcome-specific information concerning the overall certainty of evidence from studies included in the comparison, the magnitude of the effect of the interventions examined, and the sum of available data on the outcomes we considered. We will include only primary outcomes in the summary of findings tables. For each individual outcome, two review authors (KSC, LFY) will independently assess the certainty of the evidence using the GRADE approach (Balshem 2011). For assessments of the overall certainty of evidence for each outcome that includes pooled data from included trials, we will downgrade the evidence from 'high certainty' by one level for serious (or by two for very serious) study limitations (risk of bias, indirectness of evidence, serious inconsistency, imprecision of effect estimates, or potential publication bias).
