dairy fat in cheese raises ldl cholesterol less than that in butter in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects$$$ objective: to determine whether dairy fat in cheese raises low-density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol as much as in butter, since epidemiology suggests a different impact on cardiovascular disease. design: a randomised crossover trial testing the daily consumption of 40 g dairy fat as butter or as matured cheddar cheese, each of 4 weeks duration, was preceded by and separated by 2-week periods when dietary fat was less saturated. setting: free-living volunteers. subjects: a total of 14 men and five women of mean age 56 +/- 8 y, with mean total cholesterol of 5.6 +/- 0.8 mmol/l. main outcome measures: plasma cholesterol, ldl cholesterol (ldl-c), hdl cholesterol (hdl-c), triacylglycerol and glucose. results: saturated fat intake was significantly lower during the run-in than during the cheese and butter periods. mean lipid values did not differ significantly between the cheese and run-in periods, but total cholesterol and ldl-c were significantly higher with butter: total cholesterol (mmol/l): butter 6.1 +/- 0.7.
intake of fermented dairy products induces a less pro-inflammatory postprandial peripheral blood mononuclear cell gene expression response than non-fermented dairy products: a randomized controlled cross-over trial$$$ scope it is aimed to investigate how intake of high-fat meals composed of different dairy products with a similar fat content affects postprandial peripheral blood mononuclear cell (pbmc) expression of inflammation-related genes, as well as circulating inflammatory markers and metabolites. methods and results healthy subjects (n= 47) consume four different high-fat meals composed of either butter, cheese, whipped cream, or sour cream in a randomized controlled cross-over study. fasting and postprandial pbmc gene expression, plasma metabolites, and circulating inflammatory markers are measured. using a linear mixed model, it is found that expression of genes related to lymphocyte activation, cytokine signaling, chemokine signaling, and cell adhesion is differentially altered between the four meals. in general, intake of the fermented products cheese and sour cream reduces, while intake of the non-fermented products butter and whipped cream increases, expression of these genes. plasma amino acid concentrations increase after intake of cheese compared to the other meals, and the amino acid changes correlate with several of the differentially altered genes. conclusion intake of fermented dairy products, especially cheese, induces a less inflammatory postprandial pbmc gene expression response than non-fermented dairy products. these findings may partly explain inconsistent findings in studies on health effects of dairy products.
the impact of diets rich in low-fat or full-fat dairy on glucose tolerance and its determinants: a randomized controlled trial$$$ background: dairy foods, particularly yogurt, and plasma biomarkers of dairy fat intake are consistently inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes. yet, few trials assessing the impact of dairy on glucose homeostasis include fermented or full-fat dairy foods. objectives: we aimed to compare the effects of diets rich in lowfat or full-fat milk, yogurt. and cheese on glucose tolerance and its determinants, with those of a limited dairy diet. methods: in this parallel-design randomized controlled trial, 72 participants with metabolic syndrome completed a 4-wk wash-in period, limiting dairy intake to <= 3 servings/wk of nonfat milk. participants were then randomly assigned to either continue the limited dairy diet, or switch to a diet containing 3.3 servings/d of either low-fat or full-fat dairy for 12 wk. outcome measures included glucose tolerance (area under the curve glucose during an oral-glucose-tolerance test), insulin sensitivity, pancreatic beta-cell function, systemic inflammation, liver-fat content, and body weight and composition. results: in the per-protocol analysis (n = 67), we observed no intervention effect on glucose tolerance (p = 0.340). both the lowfat and full-fat dairy diets decreased the matsuda insulin sensitivity index (isi) (means +/- sds -0.47 +/- 1.07 and -0.25 +/- 0.91, respectively) and as compared with the limited dairy group (0.00 +/- 0.92) (p = 0.012 overall). body weight also changed differentially (p = 0.006 overall), increasing on full-fat dairy (+1.0 kg.
dietary dairy product intake and incident type 2 diabetes: a prospective study using dietary data from a 7-day food diary$$$ aim/hypothesis the aim of this study was to investigate the association between total and types of dairy product intake and risk of developing incident type 2 diabetes, using a food diary. methods a nested case-cohort within the epic-norfolk study was examined, including a random subcohort (n = 4,000) and cases of incident diabetes (n = 892, including 143 cases in the subcohort) followed-up for 11 years. diet was assessed using a prospective 7-day food diary. total dairy intake (g/day) was estimated and categorised into high-fat (>= yen3.9%) and low-fat (< 3.9% fat) dairy, and by subtype into yoghurt, cheese and milk. combined fermented dairy product intake (yoghurt, cheese, sour cream) was estimated and categorised into high- and low-fat. prentice-weighted cox regression hrs were calculated. results total dairy, high-fat dairy, milk, cheese and high-fat fermented dairy product intakes were not associated with the development of incident diabetes. low-fat dairy intake was inversely associated with diabetes in age- and sex-adjusted analyses (tertile [t] 3 vs t1, hr 0.81 [95% ci 0.66, 0.98]), but further adjustment for anthropometric, dietary and diabetes risk factors attenuated this association. in addition, an inverse association was found between diabetes and low-fat fermented dairy product intake (t3 vs t1, hr 0.76 [95% ci 0.60, 0.99].
milk fat globule membrane modulates inflammatory pathways in human monocytes: a crossover human intervention study$$$ background: intake of high-fat foods raises postprandial plasma triglycerides and inflammatory markers, which may depend on the type of fat ingested. dairy products are commonly consumed, but not much is known about the impact of milk fat and the milk fat globule membrane on postprandial inflammation. here, we aimed to study the effect of milk fat with and without milk fat globule membrane and a vegetable fat blend on post-prandial inflammation, with a focus on blood monocyte gene expression.methods: we performed a randomized, double-blind cross-over trial in 37 middle-aged healthy male and female volunteers (bmi 22-27 kg/m(2)). the participants consumed a meal shake containing 95.5 g of fat consisting of either a vegetable fat blend (vege), anhydrous milk fat (amf, without milk fat globule membrane), or cream (cream, containing milk fat globule membrane). blood monocytes were collected at 0 h and 6 h postprandially and used for bulk rna sequencing and ex vivo stimulation with lps.results: consumption of all three shakes significantly decreased the percentage of classical monocytes and increased the percentages of intermediate monocytes and non-classical monocytes. no differences in these measures were observed between shakes. using a threshold of p < 0.01, 787 genes were differentially regulated postprandially between the three shakes. 89 genes were differentially regulated postprandially between amf and vege, 373 genes between amf and cream, and 667 genes between vege and cream, indicating that the effect of cream on monocyte gene expression was distinct from amf and vege. pathway analyses showed that vege significantly increased the expression of genes involved in inflammatory pathways, whereas this was less pronounced after amf and not observed after cream. in addition, cream significantly down-regulated the expression of genes involved in energy metabolism-related pathways, such as glycolysis, tca cycle, and oxidative phosphorylation, as well as hif-1 signaling.conclusion: compared to the consumption of an anhydrous milk fat without milk fat globule membrane and a vegetable fat blend, the consumption of cream with milk fat globule membrane downregulated inflammatory pathways in blood monocytes, thus suggesting a potential inflammation inhibitory effect of milk fat globule membrane.
cheese intake in large amounts lowers ldl-cholesterol concentrations compared with butter intake of equal fat content$$$ background: despite its high content of saturated fatty acids, cheese does not seem to increase plasma total and ldl-cholesterol concentrations when compared with an equivalent intake of fat from butter. this effect may be due to the high calcium content of cheese, which results in a higher excretion of fecal fat. objectives: the objective was to compare the effects of diets of equal fat content rich in either hard cheese or butter or a habitual diet on blood pressure and fasting serum blood lipids, c-reactive protein, glucose, and insulin. we also examined whether fecal fat excretion differs with the consumption of cheese or butter. design: the study was a randomized dietary intervention consisting of two 6-wk crossover periods and a 14-d run-in period during which the subjects consumed their habitual diet. the study included 49 men and women who replaced part of their habitual dietary fat intake with 13% of energy from cheese or butter. results: after 6 wk, the cheese intervention resulted in lower serum total, ldl-, and hdl-cholesterol concentrations and higher glucose concentrations than did the butter intervention. cheese intake did not increase serum total or ldl-cholesterol concentrations compared with the run-in period, during which total fat and saturated fat intakes were lower. fecal fat excretion did not differ between the cheese and butter periods. conclusion: cheese lowers ldl cholesterol when compared with butter intake of equal fat content and does not increase ldl cholesterol compared with a habitual diet. this trial is registered at clinicaltrials. gov as nct01140165. am j clin nutr 2011.
effects of non-fat dairy products added to the routine diet on vascular function: a randomized controlled crossover trial$$$ background and aims: high consumption of low-and non-fat dairy products is associated with reduced risk of high blood pressure (bp) and central arterial stiffness. however, interventional studies to determine if the addition of non-fat dairy products to the diet is capable of reducing central bp and improving vascular function are lacking. the aim of this study was to determine if the solitary addition of non-fat dairy products to the normal routine diet would reduce central bp and improve vascular function in middle-aged and older adults with elevated bp. methods and results: using a randomized, crossover intervention study design, forty-nine adults (44% men, 53 +/- 2 years, 170 +/- 2 cm, 88 +/- 3 kg.
a natural butterfat that elicits clinically significant lowering of total- and ldl-cholesterol when added to the diet of normal men: a novel route to decreasing cardiovascular risk in human populations?$$$ current us guidelines recommend that less than 30% of dietary energy (en%) in adults should derive from total fats, in part to limit excessive intake of saturated fats, which is linked to atherosclerosis, obesity and some cancers. dairy foods are a major source of saturated fats, so such guidelines effectively advocate decreased consumption of dairy products to 2-4 servings daily. milk containing increased unsaturated fatty acids has been produced by feeding cows with a protected feed supplement rich in oleic acid. feeding of butterfat derived from this milk elicited decreased blood ldl-c in two of three trials. to resolve ongoing uncertainty concerning the efficacy of butterfat per se, we have investigated its blood lipid-lowering potential in 20 healthy male subjects using a double-blind, randomised, intervention trial. during this residential trial, all foods and beverages were provided during two intervention periods, comprising 3 weeks of high unsaturated 'modified' vs. 3 weeks of saturated 'control' butter feeding separated by a 4-week washout period. diets were of typical composition of 39 en% fat (20 en% butterfat), 48 en% cho, 13 en% protein. there were significant decreases in both total (p <0.05, -7.9%) and ldl-c (p <0.01, -9.5%) during feeding of modified butter, but no significant changes in a range of other risk factors including hdl-c, tg, or fasting glucose (p >0.05). subjects were maintained in energy balance with no significant change in body weight during interventions.
milk intake is not associated with low risk of diabetes or overweight-obesity: a mendelian randomization study in 97,811 danish individuals$$$ background: high dairy/milk intake has been associated with a low risk of type 2 diabetes observationally, but whether this represents a causal association is unknown. objective: we tested the hypothesis that high milk intake is associated with a low risk of type 2 diabetes and of overweight-obesity, observationally and genetically. design: in 97,811 individuals from the danish general population, we examined the risk of incident type 2 diabetes and of overweight-obesity by milk intake observationally and by lct-13910 c/t genotype [polymorphism (rs4988235) upstream from the lactase (lct) gene], where tt and tc genotypes are associated with lactase persistence and cc with nonpersistence. results: observationally for any compared with no milk intake, the hr for type 2 diabetes was 1.10 (95% ci: 0.98, 1.24.
the effect of dairy consumption on the prevention of cardiovascular diseases: a meta-analysis of prospective studies$$$ introduction: there is no global consensus on the relationship of dairy products with cardiovascular diseases. this study was conducted to evaluate the effect of the consumption of dairy products on cardiovascular diseases, including stroke and coronary heart disease (chd). methods: important electronic databases such as the scopus, science direct, and pubmed were evaluated up to september 2014. all prospective cohort studies that evaluated the relationship between dairy products consumption and cardiovascular diseases were included regardless of their publication date and language. the study participants were evaluated regardless of age, sex, and ethnicity. the strobe checklist was used to assess quality of the study. two investigators separately selected the studies and extracted the data. the designated effects were risk ratio (rr) and hazard ratio (hr). the random effect model was used to combine the results. results: meta-analysis was performed on 27 studies. there were 8648 cases of cardiovascular diseases (cvd), 11806 cases of chd, and 29300 cases of stroke. an inverse association was found between total dairy intake and cvd (rr = 0.90, 95% ci: 0.81-0.99) and stroke (rr = 0.88, 95% ci: 0.82-0.95) while no association was observed between total dairy intake and chd. the total diary intake was associated with decreased mortality of stroke (rr = 0.80, 95% ci: 0.76-0.83) although it had no association with its incidence (rr = 0.96, 95% ci: 0.88-1.04). conclusion: this is the first meta-analysis of the relationship of total dairy intake with cvd. this study showed an inverse relationship between total dairy intake and cvd while no relationship was found for chd. considering the limited number of studies in this regard, more studies are required to investigate the effect of different factors on the association of dairy intake and cvd.
urinary excretion of sex steroid hormone metabolites after consumption of cow milk: a randomized crossover intervention trial$$$ background: current cow milk production practices introduce considerable levels of pregnancy hormones into the milk. humans are exposed to these hormones when cow milk is consumed, and this may explain the observed association between cow milk consumption and several hormone-sensitive cancers. objectives: the aim of the study was to evaluate whether cow milk consumption is associated with an increase in urinary excretion of sex steroid hormones and their metabolites in humans. methods: we conducted a randomized crossover intervention feeding experiment. a total of 109 postmenopausal women consumed 1 l of semiskimmed milk (1.5% fat) per day for 4 d and 1 l of whole milk (3.5% fat) per day for 4 d, intersected by 4-d wash-out periods. sex steroid hormone levels were measured in 24-h urine samples collected at the end of each intervention and wash-out period. results: estrogens, androgens, and progesterone were detected in the examined milk samples used for our intervention. although a very high proportion of the estrogens were conjugated, only small proportions of the androgens and progesterone were conjugated. milk consumption resulted in a significant increase in urinary estrone (e1) excretion, whereas estradiol (e2), estriol (e3), and 16ketoe2 excretion only increased after semiskimmed milk consumption. urinary pregnanediol glucuronide excretion was not significantly affected. conclusion: cow milk consumption increases urinary excretion of e1 in humans. ingestion of semiskimmed milk appears also to raise e2, e3, and 16ketoe2 excretion, but future studies need to confirm these associations. this trial was registered at https://www.drks.de as drks00003377.
α-tocopherol bioavailability is lower in adults with metabolic syndrome regardless of dairy fat co-ingestion: a randomized, double-blind, crossover trial$$$ background: increasing dietary fat intake is expected to improve alpha-tocopherol bioavailability, which could be beneficial for improving alpha-tocopherol status, especially in cohorts at high cardiometabolic risk who fail to meet dietary alpha-tocopherol requirements. objective: our objective was to assess dose-dependent effects of dairy fat and metabolic syndrome (mets) health status on alpha-tocopherol pharmacokinetics in plasma and lipoproteins. design: a randomized, crossover, double-blind study was conducted in healthy and mets adults (n = 10/group) who ingested encapsulated hexadeuterium-labeled (d(6))-rrr-alpha-tocopherol (15 mg) with 240 ml nonfat (0.2 g fat), reduced-fat (4.8 g fat), or whole (7.9 g fat) milk before blood collection at regular intervals for 72 h. results: compared with healthy participants, those with mets had lower (p < 0.05) baseline plasma alpha-tocopherol (mu mol/mmol lipid) and greater oxidized low-density lipoprotein (ldl), interleukin (il)-6, il-il-10, and c-reactive protein. regardless of health status, d(6)-alpha-tocopherol bioavailability was unaffected by increasing amounts of dairy fat provided by milk beverages, but mets participants had lower estimated d(6)-alpha-tocopherol absorption (+/- sem) than did healthy participants (26.1% +/- 1.0% compared with 29.5% +/- 1.1%). they also had lower plasma d(6)-alpha-tocopherol auc from 0 to 72 h, as well as maximal concentrations (c-max: 2.04 +/- 0.14 compared with 2.73 +/- 0.18 mu mol/l) and slower rates of plasma disappearance but similar times to c-max. mets participants had lower d(6)-alpha-tocopherol auc from t = 0-12 h (auc(0-t) (final)) 1 in lipoprotein fractions [chylomicron, very-low-density lipoprotein (vldl), ldl, high-density lipoprotein]. percentages of d(6)-alpha-tocopherol auc(0-t) (final) in both the chylomicron (r = -0.46 to -0.52) and vldl (r = -0.49 to -0.68) fractions were inversely correlated with oxidized ldl, il-10, il-6, and c-reactive protein. conclusions: at dietary intakes equivalent to the recommended dietary allowance, alpha-tocopherol bioavailability is unaffected by dairy fat quantity but is lower in mets adults, potentially because of greater inflammation and oxidative stress that limits small intestinal alpha-tocopherol absorption and/or impairs hepatic alpha-tocopherol trafficking. these findings support higher dietary alpha-tocopherol requirements for mets adults.
effect of milk fat on ldl cholesterol and other cardiovascular risk markers in healthy humans: the innovalait project$$$ background milk has a specific saturated fatty acid profile and its calcium content may change the kinetics of fat absorption. objective the goal of this study was to compare the effect on ldl cholesterol and other risk markers of four isolipidic diets differing by their fat food source, vegetable fat, spring milk fat, winter milk fat or winter milk fat supplemented with calcium, in healthy moderately hypercholesterolemic humans. individuals and methods this double-blind, randomized trial with four parallel arms included 172 healthy adults with plasma ldl cholesterol (ldl-c) from 130 to 220 mg/dl and triglycerides below 300 mg/dl. individual meal plans ensured a stable energy intake. in the three diets containing milk fat, milk fat provided 38% of energy. vegetable fat and spring milk fat diets provided the same amount of saturated fatty acids while the winter milk fat diets were slightly richer in saturated fatty acids. vegetable fat diet and winter milk fat diets provided the same amount of palmitic acid (7.0% ei), while the spring milk fat diet was slightly poorer in this fatty acid (5.1% ei). cardiovascular risk markers were analyzed after 8 weeks of dietary intervention. results there was no significant difference in ldl-c and other markers, except total cholesterol (tc), apo c3 and crp. tc was significantly higher with spring milk fat than with vegetable fat. conclusions in this trial, the chosen vegetable fat did not have a significant beneficial effect on ldl-c compared to dairy fat. however, sub-group analysis showed differences in tc, apo c3 and crp. these results need confirmation and long-term studies aiming at cardiovascular endpoints are warranted.
impact of low-fat and full-fat dairy foods on fasting lipid profile and blood pressure: exploratory endpoints of a randomized controlled trial$$$ background: dietary guidelines traditionally recommend low-fat dairy because dairy's high saturated fat content is thought to promote cardiovascular disease (cvd). however, emerging evidence indicates that dairy fat may not negatively impact cvd risk factors when consumed in foods with a complex matrix. objective: the aim was to compare the effects of diets limited in dairy or rich in either low-fat or full-fat dairy on cvd risk factors. methods: in this randomized controlled trial, 72 participants with metabolic syndrome completed a 4-wk run-in period, limiting their dairy intake to <= 3 servings/wk of nonfat milk. participants were then randomly assigned to 1 of 3 diets, either continuing the limited-dairy diet or switching to a diet containing 3.3 servings/d of either low-fat or full-fat milk, yogurt, and cheese for 12 wk. exploratory outcome measures included changes in the fasting lipid profile and blood pressure. results: in the per-protocol analysis (n = 66), there was no intervention effect on fasting serum total, ldl, and hdl cholesterol.
dairy foods and cardiometabolic diseases: an update and a reassessment of the impact of sfa$$$ type 2 diabetes (t2d) and cvd are major causes of mortality and chronic morbidity. whilst mortality from cvd has decreased they remain the largest cause of death in europe and the prevalence of t2d is increasing rapidly. a consistent component of public health advice is to reduce intake of sfa to reduce cvd in particular, which implies limiting dairy food consumption. the prospective studies and randomised controlled trials included in this review show that for dairy foods at least, sfa are not consistently associated with cvd or t2d risk. for cvd the association with dairy foods is generally neutral despite dairy foods being the major source of sfa in many diets. this creates considerable doubt, at least for dairy foods, concerning the validity of the traditional diet-heart hypothesis which positively relates sfa intake to increased serum ldl-cholesterol and subsequent increased cvd. there is now emerging evidence to explain this which is highly relevant to dairy foods. these include the potentially counterbalancing effect of sfa-stimulated hdl-cholesterol and specific food matrix factors. in addition, sfa are associated with the less atherogenic large buoyant ldl particles and possible counterbalancing hypotensive effects of dairy proteins. overall, dairy foods have either a neutral or beneficial association with cvd and t2d. beneficial associations are seen for blood pressure and the reduced t2d risk linked to yoghurt consumption, a subject that needs urgent attention given the sharp rise in t2d prevalence in many countries.
dairy proteins, dairy lipids, and postprandial lipemia in persons with abdominal obesity (dairy health): a 12-wk, randomized, parallel-controlled, double-blinded, diet intervention study$$$ background: abdominal obesity and exaggerated postprandial lipemia are independent risk factors for cardiovascular disease (cvd) and mortality, and both are affected by dietary behavior. objective: we investigated whether dietary supplementation with whey protein and medium-chain saturated fatty acids (mc-sfas) improved postprandial lipid metabolism in humans with abdominal obesity. design: we conducted a 12-wk, randomized, double-blinded, diet intervention study. sixty-three adults were randomly allocated to one of 4 diets in a 2 x 2 factorial design. participants consumed 60 g milk protein (whey or casein) and 63 g milk fat (with high or low mc-sfa content) daily. before and after the intervention, a high-fat meal test was performed. we measured changes from baseline in fasting and postprandial triacylglycerol, apolipoprotein b-48 (apob-48.
milk intake and incident stroke and chd in populations of european descent: a mendelian randomisation study$$$ higher milk intake has been associated with a lower stroke risk, but not with risk of chd. residual confounding or reverse causation cannot be excluded. therefore, we estimated the causal association of milk consumption with stroke and chd risk through instrumental variable (iv) and gene-outcome analyses. iv analysis included 29 328 participants (4611 stroke.
can milk proteins be a useful tool in the management of cardiometabolic health? an updated review of human intervention trials$$$ the prevalence of cardiometabolic diseases is a significant public health burden worldwide. emerging evidence supports the inverse association between greater dairy consumption and reduced risk of cardiometabolic diseases. dairy proteins may have an important role in the favourable impact of dairy on human health such as blood pressure (bp), blood lipid and glucose control. the purpose of this review is to update and critically evaluate the evidence on the impacts of casein and whey protein in relation to metabolic function. evidence from short-term clinical studies assessing postprandial responses to milk protein ingestion suggests benefits on vascular function independent of bp, as well as improvement in glycaemic homeostasis. long-term interventions have been less conclusive, with some showing benefits and others indicating a lack of improvement in vascular function. during chronic consumption bp appears to be lowered and both dyslipidaemia and hyperglacaemia seem to be controlled. limited number of trials investigated the effects of dairy proteins on oxidative stress and inflammation. although the underlying mechanisms of milk proteins on cardiometabolic homeostasis remains to be elucidated, the most likely mechanism is to improve insulin resistance. the incorporation of meals enriched with dairy protein in the habitual diet may result in the beneficial effects on cardiometabolic health. nevertheless, future well-designed, controlled studies are needed to investigate the relative effects of both casein and whey protein on bp, vascular function, glucose homeostasis and inflammation.
milk consumption and multiple health outcomes: umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses in humans$$$ in order to recapitulate the best available evidence of milk consumption and multiple health-related outcomes, we performed an umbrella review of meta-analyses and systematic reviews in humans. totally, 41 meta-analyses with 45 unique health outcomes were included. milk consumption was more often related to benefits than harm to a sequence of health-related outcomes. dose-response analyses indicated that an increment of 200 ml (approximately 1 cup) milk intake per day was associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, hypertension, colorectal cancer, metabolic syndrome, obesity and osteoporosis. beneficial associations were also found for type 2 diabetes mellitus and alzheimer's disease. conversely, milk intake might be associated with higher risk of prostate cancer, parkinson's disease, acne and fe-deficiency anaemia in infancy. potential allergy or lactose intolerance need for caution. milk consumption does more good than harm for human health in this umbrella review. our results support milk consumption as part of a healthy diet. more well-designed randomized controlled trials are warranted.
dairy consumption, systolic blood pressure, and risk of hypertension: mendelian randomization study$$$ objective to examine whether previous observed inverse associations of dairy intake with systolic blood pressure and risk of hypertension were causal. design mendelian randomization study using the single nucleotide polymorphism rs4988235 related to lactase persistence as an instrumental variable. setting charge (cohorts for heart and aging research in genomic epidemiology) consortium. participants data from 22 studies with 171 213 participants, and an additional 10 published prospective studies with 26 119 participants included in the observational analysis. main outcome measures the instrumental variable estimation was conducted using the ratio of coefficients approach. using metaanalysis, an additional eight published randomized clinical trials on the association of dairy consumption with systolic blood pressure were summarized. results compared with the cc genotype (cc is associated with complete lactase deficiency), the ct/tt genotype (tt is associated with lactose persistence, and ct is associated with certain lactase deficiency) of lct-13910 (lactase persistence gene) rs4988235 was associated with higher dairy consumption (0.23 (about 55 g/day), 95% confidence interval 0.17 to 0.29) serving/day.
a comparison of the effects of a1 and a2 β-casein protein variants on blood cholesterol concentrations in new zealand adults$$$ beta-casein is a cow's milk protein that occurs predominantly in two forms, a1 and a2. epidemiological evidence suggests that per capita consumption of beta-casein a1 is associated with national mortality rates from ischaemic heart disease. a biological mechanism was proposed after rabbits fed diets containing beta-casein a2 had lower serum cholesterol concentrations and less aortic intimal thickening than rabbits fed beta-casein a1. we tested whether beta-casein a1 and a2 variants differentially affect plasma cholesterol concentrations in humans. in a randomised crossover trial of two four-and-a-half week periods without washout, 62 participants replaced all dairy products in their diet with 500 ml of low-fat milk and 28 g of full-fat cheese that differed in the proportion of beta-casein at and a2 variants. duplicate blood samples were taken on non-consecutive days at the end of each treatment period from 55 people who completed the study. mean (s.d.) plasma total, low-density and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were 5.60 (0.77), 3,73 (0.70) and 1.26 (0.34) mmol/l after the at diet and 5.63 (0.81), 3.75 (0.75) and 1.27 (0.37) mmol/l after the a2 diets. we found no evidence that dairy products containing beta-casein at or a2 exerted differential effects (p > 0.05) on plasma cholesterol concentrations in humans. (c) 2005 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
four-month course of soluble milk proteins interacts with exercise to improve muscle strength and delay fatigue in elderly participants$$$ background: the benefit of protein supplementation on the adaptive response of muscle to exercise training in older people is controversial. objective: to investigate the independent and combined effects of a multicomponent exercise program with and without a milk-based nutritional supplement on muscle strength and mass, lower-extremity fatigue, and metabolic markers. design: a sample of 48 healthy sedentary men aged 60.8 +/- 0.4 years were randomly assigned to a 16-week multicomponent exercise training program with a milk-based supplement containing, besides proteins [total milk proteins 4 or 10 g/day or soluble milk proteins rich in leucine (pro) 10 g/day], carbohydrates and fat. body composition, muscle mass and strength, and time to task failure, an index of muscle fatigue, were measured. blood lipid, fibrinogen, creatine phosphokinase, glucose, insulin, c-reactive protein, interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha soluble receptors, and endothelial markers were assessed. results: body fat mass was reduced after the 4-month training program in groups receiving 10 g/day of protein supplementation (p < .01). the training program sustained with the daily 10 g/day pro was associated with a significant increase in dominant fat free mass (+5.4%, p < .01) and in appendicular muscle mass (+4.5%, p < .01). blood cholesterol was decreased in the trained group receiving 10 g/day pro. the index of insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance) and blood creatine phosphokinase were reduced in the groups receiving 10 g/day pro, irrespective of exercise. the inflammatory and endothelial markers were not different between the groups. training caused a significant improvement (+10.6% to 19.4%, p < .01) in the maximal oxygen uptake. increased maximum voluntary contraction force was seen in the trained groups receiving 10 g/day of proteins (about 3%, p < .05). time to task failure was improved in the trained participants receiving a 10 g/day supplementation with pro (p < .01). conclusions: soluble milk proteins rich in leucine improved time to muscle failure and increase in skeletal muscle mass and strength after prolonged multicomponent exercise training in healthy older men. (c) 2014 amda - the society for post-acute and long-term care medicine.
total disagreements: 119.
cost: 31.337604000000113.

Included target articles are as follow:
