low-fat yogurt consumption maintains biomarkers of immune function relative to nondairy control food in women with elevated bmi: a randomized controlled crossover trial.$$$ yogurt consumption may help reduce chronic inflammation associated with obesity. however, the underlying mechanism(s) by which yogurt consumption modulates the immune system have not been validated in human intervention studies. we hypothesized that 4-week yogurt consumption (12 oz/day) attenuates systemic inflammation by modulating the proportion of circulating t helper (th) 17 and regulatory t (treg) cells in adult women with elevated body mass index (bmi). to test the hypothesis, we conducted a randomized crossover dietary intervention study consisted of a 4-week dietary intervention in which participants consumed 12 oz of either low-fat dairy yogurt or a soy pudding control snack per day, with a 4-week washout between treatments. thirty-nine healthy adult women with a bmi between 25 and 40 kg/m2 were enrolled and 20 completed the study. changes in the biometrics, circulating t cells, and markers of systemic and colonic inflammation were assessed between the 2 treatment groups, as well as 24-hour diet recalls were conducted at baseline and following each treatment. the primary study outcome, the change in the proportion of circulating th17 cells, was unaffected by the treatments. secondary outcome measures, circulating treg, th17, and markers of chronic inflammation, were maintained by yogurt treatment, whereas circulating treg was increased and interleukin-10 was reduced by control snack treatment. however, circulating treg changes were not associated with changes to other biomarkers of inflammation, implying other immune cells and/or tissues may mediate circulating biomarkers of chronic inflammation. this study was approved by the university of wisconsin-madison institutional review board and registered at clinicaltrials.gov nct04149418. copyright © 2024 the author(s). published by elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
consumption of dairy foods to achieve recommended levels for older adults has no deleterious effects on serum lipids.$$$ background and aims: correction of calcium and protein undernutrition using milk, yoghurt, and cheese in older adults in aged care homes is associated with reduced fractures and falls. however, these foods contain potentially atherogenic fats. we aimed to determine whether this intervention that increased dairy consumption to recommended levels adversely affects serum lipid profiles., method and results: this was a sub-group analysis of a 2-year cluster-randomised trial involving 60 aged care homes in australia. thirty intervention homes provided additional milk, yoghurt, and cheese on menus while 30 control homes continued with their usual menus. a sample of 159 intervention and 86 controls residents (69% female, median age 87.8 years) had dietary intakes recorded using plate waste analysis and fasting serum lipids measured at baseline and 12 months. diagnosis of cardiovascular disease and use of relevant medications were determined from medical records. outcome measures were serum total, hdl and ldl cholesterol and apoa-1 & b. intervention increased daily dairy servings from 1.9 +/- 1.0 to 3.5 +/- 1.4 (p < 0.001) while controls continued daily intakes of <=2 servings daily (1.7 +/- 1.0 to 2.0 +/- 1.0 (p = 0.028). no group differences were observed for serum total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein-c (tc/hdl-c) ratio, apoprotein b/apoprotein a-1 (apob/apoa-1) ratio, low-density lipoprotein-c (ldl-c), non-hdl-c, or triglycerides (tgs) at 12 months., conclusion: among older adults in aged care homes, correcting insufficiency in intakes of calcium and protein using milk, yoghurt and cheese does not alter serum lipid levels, suggesting that this is a suitable intervention for reducing the risk of falls and fractures., clinical trial registry: australian new zealand clinical trials registry (actrn12613000228785) 2012.
a dairy-based, protein-rich breakfast enhances satiety and cognitive concentration before lunch in overweight to obese young females: a randomized controlled crossover study.$$$ the purpose of this study was to investigate if consumption of a high-protein, low-carbohydrate breakfast (pro) leads to a lower subsequent ad libitum energy intake at lunch and the rest of the day compared with ingestion of an isocaloric low-protein, high-carbohydrate breakfast (cho) or no breakfast (con). the study was designed as a randomized controlled 3-period crossover study. thirty young (18-30 yr) females with overweight to obesity (body mass index >25 kg/m2) in random order completed 3 separate experimental days where they consumed either a pro, cho, or con breakfast test meal followed by an ad libitum lunch meal 3 h after breakfast. participants were allocated to a sequence group by their inclusion number. the pro and cho breakfasts were matched in dietary fiber and fat content. energy intake at lunch was calculated and dietary records were obtained for the rest of the day to calculate the total daily energy intake and macronutrient intake. ratings of appetite sensations between meals and palatability of the test meals were assessed using visual analog scale sheets in intervals ranging from 10 to 30 min. in addition, blood samples were obtained at multiple time points separated by 10 to 60 min intervals between breakfast and lunch and were analyzed for appetite-regulating gut hormones, insulin, and glucose. finally, performance in a cognitive concentration test was tested 150 min after breakfast. compared with cho and con, the area under the curves for satiety, fullness, and satisfaction in the 3 h after breakfast were significantly higher after pro, whereas the areas under the curve for hunger, desire to eat, and prospective eating were significantly lower after pro. the appetite-regulating gut hormones cholecystokinin, glucagon-like peptide-1, and ghrelin in the hours after breakfast, energy intake during the ad libitum lunch meal, and the total daily energy intake did not differ significantly between pro, cho, and con. however, the cognitive concentration test score was 3.5 percentage points higher for pro, but not cho, versus con. a dairy-based high-protein, low-carbohydrate breakfast increased satiety sensation in the hours after breakfast but did not reduce total daily energy intake compared with an isocaloric low-protein, high-carbohydrate breakfast or omitting breakfast. however, performance in a cognitive concentration test before lunch was enhanced after the high-protein, low-carbohydrate breakfast, but not the low-protein, high-carbohydrate breakfast, compared with omitting breakfast. copyright the authors. published by elsevier inc. on behalf of the american dairy science association r. this is an open access article under the cc by license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
whole milk dairy foods and cardiometabolic health: dairy fat and beyond.$$$ bovine dairy milk is a nutrient-rich matrix, but consumption of full-fat dairy food varieties has been claimed historically to be associated with poorer cardiometabolic health, a notion often attributed to the saturated fat content. however, continued investigation that includes observational studies and randomized controlled trials (rcts) provide evidence that favorably supports full-fat dairy foods and their bioactive components on cardiometabolic health. this review addresses this controversy by examining the evidence surrounding full-fat dairy foods and their implications for human health. dairy foods are heterogeneous, not just in their fat content but also in other compositional aspects within and between fermented (e.g., yogurt, cheese) and nonfermented products (e.g., milk) that could differentially influence cardiometabolic health. drawing from complementary lines of evidence from epidemiological studies and rcts, this review describes the health effects of dairy foods regarding their fat content, as well as their polar lipids that are concentrated in the milk fat globule fraction. observational studies have limitedly supported the consumption of full-fat dairy to protect against cardiometabolic disorders. however, this framework has been disputed by rcts indicating that dairy foods, regardless of their fat content or fermentation, are not detrimental to cardiometabolic health and may instead alleviate certain cardiometabolic risk factors. as dietary recommendations evolve, which currently indicate to avoid full-fat dairy foods, it is essential to consider the totality of evidence, especially from rcts, while also recognizing that investigation is needed to evaluate the complexity of dairy foods within diverse dietary patterns and their impacts on cardiometabolic health. copyright © 2024 the author(s). published by elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
effect of isoenergetic substitution of cheese with other dairy products on blood lipid markers in the fasted and postprandial state: an updated and extended systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials in adults.$$$ consumption of fat as part of a cheese matrix may differentially affect blood lipid responses when compared with other dairy foods. this systematic review was conducted to compare the impact of consuming equal amounts of fat from cheese and other dairy products on blood lipid markers in the fasted and postprandial state. searches of pubmed (medline), cochrane central and embase databases were conducted up to mid-june 2022. eligible human randomized controlled trials (rcts) investigated the effect of isoenergetic substitution of hard or semi-hard cheese with other dairy products on blood lipid markers. risk of bias (rob) was assessed using the cochrane rob 2.0 tool. random-effects meta-analyses assessed the effect of >=2 similar dietary replacements on the same blood lipid marker. of 1491 identified citations, 10 articles were included (rob: all some concerns). pooled analyses of 7 rcts showed a reduction in fasting total cholesterol, ldl-c and hdl-c concentrations after >=14 d mean daily intake of 135 g cheese (weighted mean difference [wmd]: -0.24 mmol/l.
interactions between mediterranean diet supplemented with dairy foods and the gut microbiota influence cardiovascular health in an australian population.$$$ the impact of a mediterranean diet on the intestinal microbiome has been linked to its health benefits. we aim to evaluate the effects of a mediterranean diet supplemented with dairy foods on the gut microbiome in australians at risk of cardiovascular disease. in a randomised controlled cross-over study, 34 adults with a systolic blood pressure >=120 mmhg and with risk factors for cardiovascular disease were randomly allocated to a mediterranean diet with 3-4 daily serves of dairy foods (australian recommended daily intake (rdi) of 1000-1300 mg per day (meddairy)) or a low-fat (lfd) control diet. between each 8-week diet, participants underwent an 8-week washout period. microbiota characteristics of stool samples collected at the start and end of each diet period were determined by 16s rrna amplicon sequencing. meddairy-associated effects on bacterial relative abundance were correlated with clinical, anthropometric, and cognitive outcomes. no change in the overall faecal microbial structure or composition was observed with either diet (p > 0.05). the meddairy diet was associated with changes in the relative abundance of several bacterial taxa, including an increase in butyricicoccus and a decrease in colinsella and veillonella (p < 0.05). increases in butyricicoccus relative abundance over 8 weeks were inversely correlated with lower systolic blood pressure (r = -0.38, p = 0.026) and positively correlated with changes in fasting glucose levels (r = 0.39, p = 0.019), specifically for the meddairy group. no significant associations were observed between the altered taxa and anthropometric or cognitive measures (p > 0.05). compared to a low-fat control diet, the meddairy diet resulted in changes in the abundance of specific gut bacteria, which were associated with clinical outcomes in adults at risk of cvd.
ingesting yogurt containing lactobacillus plantarum oll2712 reduces abdominal fat accumulation and chronic inflammation in overweight adults in a randomized placebo-controlled trial.$$$ background: chronic inflammation and insulin resistance are factors that are related to obesity. we have suggested that the administration of heat-treated lactobacillus plantarum oll2712 (oll2712) cells can improve glucose and lipid metabolism by suppressing chronic inflammation in mouse models and a preliminary clinical study., objective: the aim of this study was to investigate whether ingesting oll2712 cells can reduce body fat accumulation and improve metabolic risk factors, in overweight, healthy adults., methods: this study was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group trial conducted at a single center in japan. the study participants included 100 overweight (bmi range, >=25 to <30 kg/m2) adults aged 20-64 y. they were randomly assigned to either the placebo or oll2712 group (n = 50 each) and were administered conventional yogurt or yogurt containing >5 x 109 heat-treated oll2712 cells, respectively, daily for 12 wk. the primary outcome was the 12-wk change in the abdominal fat area, as assessed by computed tomography, and the secondary outcomes were glucose and lipid metabolism-related parameters and chronic inflammation markers, which were analyzed using a linear mixed model., results: the 12-wk change of abdominal fat area (difference: 8.5 cm2.
dairy foods in a moderate energy restricted diet do not enhance central fat, weight, and intra-abdominal adipose tissue losses nor reduce adipocyte size or inflammatory markers in overweight and obese adults: a controlled feeding study.$$$ background. research on dairy foods to enhance weight and fat loss when incorporated into a modest weight loss diet has had mixed results. objective . a 15-week controlled feeding study to determine if dairy foods enhance central fat and weight loss when incorporated in a modest energy restricted diet of overweight and obese adults. design. a 3-week run-in to establish energy needs.
effects of dairy intake on markers of cardiometabolic health in adults: a systematic review with network meta-analysis.$$$ the health effects of dairy products are still a matter of scientific debate owing to inconsistent findings across trials. therefore, this systematic review and network meta-analysis (nma) aimed to compare the effects of different dairy products on markers of cardiometabolic health. a systematic search was conducted in 3 electronic databases [medline, cochrane central register of controlled trials (central), and web of science.
effect of whey protein supplementation on weight and body composition indicators: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.$$$ background & aim: whey protein (wp) is one of the well-known dairy driven products to help people to change their weight and body composition (bc). this study aimed to investigate the effect of wp on weight and bc on every published rct on all populations., methods: a systematic review of the literature was undertaken to identify rcts that examined the effect of wp on weight, body fat, lean body mass, fat-free mass, and waist circumference. to create weighted-group-mean differences for within- and between-group comparisons, random effects models were used. subgroup analyses were also done to determine the effect of potential sources of heterogeneity., results: thirty-five rcts, with a total of 1902 adult participants were included in pooled analysis. the effect of wp supplementation on bmi (-0.156, 95% ci: -0.31, 0.00, p < 0.05), body fat mass (-0.144, 95% ci: -0.28, 0.00, p < 0.05), and waist circumference (-0.448, 95% ci: -0.86, -0.03, p < 0.05) in within group analysis, and bmi (-0.769, 95% ci: -1.54, 0.00, p < 0.05) and lean body mass (0.741, 95% ci: 0.07, 1.41, p < 0.05) in the between group analysis was indicated. resistance training, wp dosage, sex, age group, the type of control group (placebo, different proteins, etc.), the control group dosage, and energy intake before and during the trial, as well as between the wp and control groups, were recognized as the main sources of heterogeneity., conclusion: the data from trials currently available supports the use of wp to improve bc indicators. the benefits of wp on bc are expected to be greatest when combined with resistance training and a reduction in overall calorie consumption. copyright © 2022 european society for clinical nutrition and metabolism. published by elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
dairy product intake modifies microrna expression among individuals with hyperinsulinemia: a post-intervention cross-sectional study.$$$ introduction: microrna (mirna) profiles have been shown to change after intake of dairy products. dysregulation of mirna is associated with the changes in the level of glycemic parameters. the objectives are: (1) to investigate mirna expression after consumption of dairy products and (2) to study the association between mirnas and glycemic profile among individuals with hyperinsulinemia., methods: in crossover design, 24 participants were randomized into 2 phases: high dairy (hd) (>=4 servings/day according to the canadian food guide [2007]) and adequate dairy (ad) (<=2 servings/day) over 6 weeks. first, mirnas were extracted from a pooled plasma sample of 10 subjects after hd and ad intervention which analyzed in duplicate by array hybridization (affymetrix gene chip mirna array v. 4.0). second, 6 mirnas related to type 2 diabetes (t2d) were validated by quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (qrt-pcr) from plasma of 24 participants., results: microarray analysis indicated that 297 mirnas expressed differentially (fc >= +/-1.2.
effect of fat-reformulated dairy food consumption on postprandial flow-mediated dilatation and cardiometabolic risk biomarkers compared with conventional dairy: a randomized controlled trial.$$$ background: longer-term consumption of sfa-reduced, mufa-enriched dairy products has been reported to improve fasting flow-mediated dilatation (fmd). yet, their impact on endothelial function in the postprandial state warrants investigation., objectives: the aim was to compare the impact of a fatty acid (fa) modified with a conventional (control) dairy diet on the postprandial %fmd (primary outcome) and systemic cardiometabolic responses to representative meals, and retrospectively explore whether treatment effects differ by apolipoprotein e (apoe) or endothelial no synthase (enos) glu298asp gene polymorphisms., methods: in a crossover-design randomized controlled study, 52 adults with moderate cardiovascular disease risk consumed dairy products [38% of total energy intake (%te) from fat: fa-modified (target: 16%te sfas.
the efficacy of short-term weight loss programs and consumption of natural probiotic bryndza cheese on gut microbiota composition in women.$$$ weight loss interventions with probiotics have favourable effects on gut microbiota composition and derived metabolites. however, little is known about whether the consumption of natural probiotics, such as bryndza cheeses, brings similar benefits. the purpose of the study was to find the effect of short-term weight loss programs and bryndza cheese consumption on the structure of the gut microbiota, microbiota-derived metabolites and body composition in middle-aged women. we conducted a randomised controlled intervention study. twenty-two female participants with a body fat percentage >=25% underwent a short weight loss program (4 weeks). subjects were randomised to either the control or intervention group according to diet. the intervention group comprised 13 participants, whose diet contained 30 g of "bryndza" cheese daily (wlpb). the control group comprised nine participants without the regular consumption of bryndza cheese (wlp) in their diet. both interventions lead to a significant and favourable change of bmi, body fat, waist circumference and muscle mass. moreover, the relative abundance of erysipelotrichales significantly increased in both groups. however, the relative abundance of lactic acid bacteria (lactobacillales, streptococcaceae, lactococcus and streptococcus) significantly increased only in the wlpb group. furthermore, short-chain fatty acid producers phascolarctobacterium and butyricimonas increased significantly in the wlpb group. a short-term weight loss program combined with bryndza cheese consumption improves body composition and increases the abundance of lactic acid bacteria and short-chain fatty acid producers in middle-aged women.
milk polar lipids favorably alter circulating and intestinal ceramide and sphingomyelin species in postmenopausal women.$$$ backgroundhigh circulating levels of ceramides (cer) and sphingomyelins (sm) are associated with cardiometabolic diseases. the consumption of whole fat dairy products, naturally containing such polar lipids (pl), is associated with health benefits, but the impact on sphingolipidome remains unknown. methods in a 4-week randomized controlled trial, 58 postmenopausal women daily consumed milk pl-enriched cream cheese (0, 3, or 5 g of milk pl). postprandial metabolic explorations were performed before and after supplementation. analyses included sm and cer species in serum, chylomicrons, and feces. the ileal contents of 4 ileostomy patients were also explored after acute milk pl intake. results milk pl decreased serum atherogenic c24:1 cer, c16:1 sm, and c18:1 sm species (pgroup < 0.05). changes in serum c16+18 sm species were positively correlated with the reduction of cholesterol (r = 0.706), ldl-c (r = 0.666), and apob (r = 0.705) (p < 0.001). milk pl decreased chylomicron content in total sm and c24:1 cer (pgroup < 0.001), parallel to a marked increase in total cer in feces (pgroup < 0.001). milk pl modulated some specific sm and cer species in both ileal efflux and feces, suggesting differential absorption and metabolization processes in the gut. conclusion milk pl supplementation decreased atherogenic sm and cer species associated with the improvement of cardiovascular risk markers. our findings bring insights on sphingolipid metabolism in the gut, especially cer, as signaling molecules potentially participating in the beneficial effects of milk pl.trial registrationclinicaltrials.gov, nct02099032, nct02146339.fundinganr-11-alid-007-01.
postprandial fatty acid profile, but not cardiometabolic risk markers, is modulated by dairy fat manipulation in adults with moderate cardiovascular disease risk: the randomized controlled replacement of saturated fat in dairy on total cholesterol (reset) study.$$$ background: chronic consumption of dairy products with an sfa-reduced, mufa-enriched content was shown to impact favorably on brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation (fmd). however, their acute effect on postprandial cardiometabolic risk biomarkers requires investigation., objective: the effects of sequential high-fat mixed meals rich in fatty acid (fa)-modified or conventional (control) dairy products on postprandial fmd (primary outcome) and systemic cardiometabolic biomarkers in adults with moderate cardiovascular risk (>=50% above the population mean) were compared., methods: in a randomized crossover trial, 52 participants [mean +/- sem age: 53 +/- 2 y.
effect of low-fat dairy products fortified with 1500iu nano encapsulated vitamin d3 on cardiometabolic indicators in adults with abdominal obesity: a total blinded randomized controlled trial.$$$ background & aims: vitamin d deficiency is widespread worldwide. in this study, we aimed to evaluate the effect of a nano encapsulated form of vitamin d used for fortifying low-fat dairy products (milk and yogurt) on anthropometric indices, glycemic status, and lipid profile in subjects with abdominal obesity., methods: in a totally (quadruple) blinded, randomized, and parallel-controlled trial, 306 individuals with abdominal obesity were randomly allocated to one of four groups: fortified low-fat yogurt (fy, 1500 iu nano encapsulated vitamin d3 per 150 g/d), non-fortified low-fat yogurt (nfy), fortified low-fat milk (fm, 1500 iu nano encapsulated vitamin d3 per 200 g/d), non-fortified low-fat milk (nfm), for 10 weeks (nfm and nfy, were considered as the control groups). anthropometric and biochemical parameters were measured at baseline and after a ten-week trial in mashhad, iran., results: after the ten-week intervention, we found a significant increase in serum concentration of 25(oh)d in both the fm and fy groups compared to the respective control groups (19.10 +/- 5.69 ng/ml and 20.88 +/- 5.76 ng/ml respectively, p < .001). we observed a significant reduction in weight to hip ratio (p = .04) and a significant improvement in triglyceride (p < .001) and hdl-c (p = .01) only in fm group compared to nfm group. also, we found a significant reduction in fasting serum insulin (p < .001), and a significant improvement of homa-ir (p < .001) and quicki (p < .001) in both intervention groups compared to their placebos., conclusions: an intake of fortified dairy products containing nano-encapsulated vitamin d3 was associated with an improvement in some measures of anthropometric indices, glucose homeostasis, and lipid profiles, particularly in individuals receiving fortified milk. hence, along with other benefits, fortification of dairy products with vitamin d may be an effective approach to improve some cardiometabolic indicators, such as insulin resistance., trial registration number: irct20101130005280n27.
milk polar lipids reduce lipid cardiovascular risk factors in overweight postmenopausal women: towards a gut sphingomyelin-cholesterol interplay.$$$ objective: to investigate whether milk polar lipids (pl) impact human intestinal lipid absorption, metabolism, microbiota and associated markers of cardiometabolic health., design: a double-blind, randomised controlled 4-week study involving 58 postmenopausal women was used to assess the chronic effects of milk pl consumption (0, 3 or 5 g-pl/day) on lipid metabolism and gut microbiota. the acute effects of milk pl on intestinal absorption and metabolism of cholesterol were assessed in a randomised controlled crossover study using tracers in ileostomy patients., results: over 4 weeks, milk pl significantly reduced fasting and postprandial plasma concentrations of cholesterol and surrogate lipid markers of cardiovascular disease risk, including total/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol and apolipoprotein (apo)b/apoa1 ratios. the highest pl dose preferentially induced a decreased number of intestine-derived chylomicron particles. also, milk pl increased faecal loss of coprostanol, a gut-derived metabolite of cholesterol, but major bacterial populations and faecal short-chain fatty acids were not affected by milk pl, regardless of the dose. acute ingestion of milk pl by ileostomy patients shows that milk pl decreased cholesterol absorption and increased cholesterol-ileal efflux, which can be explained by the observed co-excretion with milk sphingomyelin in the gut., conclusion: the present data demonstrate for the first time in humans that milk pl can improve the cardiometabolic health by decreasing several lipid cardiovascular markers, notably through a reduced intestinal cholesterol absorption involving specific interactions in the gut, without disturbing the major bacterial phyla of gut microbiota., trial registration number: nct02099032 and nct02146339.
effects of dairy products consumption on inflammatory biomarkers among adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.$$$ aims: this study aimed to summarize earlier studies on the effects of dairy consumption on inflammatory biomarkers in adults and to quantify these effects through meta-analysis., data synthesis: a comprehensive search of all relevant articles, published up to december 2019 indexed in pubmed, isi (institute for scientific information), embase, scopus, and google scholar was done using relevant keywords. randomized controlled trials (rcts) that examined the effect of dairy products consumption, compared with low or no dairy intake, on inflammatory biomarkers in adults were included. overall, 11 rcts with 663 participants were included in this meta-analysis. we found that high consumption of dairy products, compared with low or no dairy intake, might significantly reduce crp [weighed mean difference (wmd): -0.24 mg/l.
fermented dairy products, probiotic supplementation, and cardiometabolic diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ fermented dairy foods (fdfs) and probiotics are promising tools for the prevention and management of cardiometabolic diseases (cmds), respectively. the relation between the regular consumption of fdfs and cmd risk factors was assessed by prospective cohort studies (pcss), and the effect of probiotic supplementation added into a dairy matrix on cmd parameters was evaluated by randomized controlled trials (rcts). moreover, the effects of probiotic supplementation added into a dairy matrix were compared with those administered in capsule/powder form. twenty pcss and 52 rcts met the inclusion criteria for the systematic review and meta-analysis. in pcss, fermented milk was associated with a 4% reduction in risk of stroke, ischemic heart disease, and cardiovascular mortality [rr (95% ci).
trimethylamine-n-oxide postprandial response in plasma and urine is lower after fermented compared to non-fermented dairy consumption in healthy adults.$$$ trimethylamine-n-oxide (tmao) can be produced by the gut microbiota from dietary substrates and is associated with cardiovascular disease. while dairy products contain tmao precursors, the effect of fermented dairy on tmao metabolism remains unclear. we used plasma and urine samples collected for two randomised cross-over studies to evaluate the effects of fermented dairy consumption on tmao metabolism. in study 1, thirteen healthy young men tested a yogurt and an acidified milk during postprandial tests and a two-week daily intervention. in study 2, ten healthy adults tested milk and cheese during postprandial tests. tmao and five related metabolites were measured in plasma and urine by lc-ms/ms and nmr. faecal microbiota composition was assessed in study 1 (16s rrna metagenomics sequencing). fermented milk products were associated with lower postprandial tmao responses than non-fermented milks in urine (study 1, p = 0.01.
effect of milk fat on ldl cholesterol and other cardiovascular risk markers in healthy humans: the innovalait project.$$$ background: milk has a specific saturated fatty acid profile and its calcium content may change the kinetics of fat absorption., objective: the goal of this study was to compare the effect on ldl cholesterol and other risk markers of four isolipidic diets differing by their fat food source, vegetable fat, spring milk fat, winter milk fat or winter milk fat supplemented with calcium, in healthy moderately hypercholesterolemic humans., individuals and methods: this double-blind, randomized trial with four parallel arms included 172 healthy adults with plasma ldl cholesterol (ldl-c) from 130 to 220 mg/dl and triglycerides below 300 mg/dl. individual meal plans ensured a stable energy intake. in the three diets containing milk fat, milk fat provided 38% of energy. vegetable fat and spring milk fat diets provided the same amount of saturated fatty acids while the winter milk fat diets were slightly richer in saturated fatty acids. vegetable fat diet and winter milk fat diets provided the same amount of palmitic acid (7.0% ei), while the spring milk fat diet was slightly poorer in this fatty acid (5.1% ei). cardiovascular risk markers were analyzed after 8 weeks of dietary intervention., results: there was no significant difference in ldl-c and other markers, except total cholesterol (tc), apo c3 and crp. tc was significantly higher with spring milk fat than with vegetable fat., conclusions: in this trial, the chosen vegetable fat did not have a significant beneficial effect on ldl-c compared to dairy fat. however, sub-group analysis showed differences in tc, apo c3 and crp. these results need confirmation and long-term studies aiming at cardiovascular endpoints are warranted.
effects of regular-fat and low-fat dairy consumption on daytime ambulatory blood pressure and other cardiometabolic risk factors: a randomized controlled feeding trial.$$$ background: the extent to which dairy products and their fat content influence cardiovascular health remains uncertain., objective: this study aimed to assess how consumption of low-fat milk and regular-fat cheese enriched in gamma-aminobutyric acid (gaba) influences daytime ambulatory blood pressure (bp) and other cardiometabolic risk factors., methods: in this crossover controlled feeding study, 55 healthy men and women with high-normal daytime bp were randomly assigned to sequences of three 6-wk isoenergetic diets, each comprising 1) no dairy (control diet), 2) 3 daily servings of 1% fat milk, and 3) 1 daily serving of 31% fat cheddar cheese naturally enriched in gaba. total proteins, carbohydrates, and fats were matched across all 3 diets. the additional 2% of energy from sfas in the cheese diet was replaced by n-6 pufas in the other diets., results: comparison of postdiet ambulatory systolic bp revealed no difference (p = 0.34), which was also the case for ambulatory diastolic bp (p = 0.45). the cheese diet increased serum ldl-cholesterol concentrations compared with the control and milk diets (+5.8%, p = 0.006 and +7.0%, p = 0.0008, respectively) and increased ldl particle size compared with the milk diet (p = 0.02). hdl-cholesterol concentrations after the milk diet were lower than after the control diet (-4.1%.
effect of high compared with low dairy intake on blood pressure in overweight middle-aged adults: results of a randomized crossover intervention study.$$$ background: observational studies suggest that high dairy intake is associated with a lower blood pressure (bp)., objective: we aimed to investigate the effect of a high-dairy diet (hdd) as compared with a low-dairy diet (ldd) on bp in overweight middle-aged adults., methods: fifty-two overweight men and women were included in a randomized crossover intervention study. each subject consumed 2 isocaloric diets for 6 wk, an ldd (<=1 dairy portion per day) and an hdd (6 or 5 reduced-fat dairy portions for men and women, respectively), with a 4-wk washout period in between the diets during which the subjects consumed their habitual diet. bp was measured at the start and at the end of the intervention diets. the effect of the intervention study was evaluated by 2-sample t tests. mixed-model analyses were used for adjustment for the potential influence of changes in dietary protein and mineral intake and risk factors for hypertension including body weight and plasma cholesterol., results: consumption of an hdd as compared with an ldd resulted in a reduction of both systolic bp (mean +/- sd: 4.6 +/- 11.2 mm hg, p < 0.01) and diastolic bp (3.0 +/- 6.7 mm hg, p < 0.01). in further analyses, these reductions appeared dependent on the concomitant increase in calcium intake., conclusions: this intervention study shows that an hdd results in a reduction of both systolic and diastolic bp in overweight middle-aged men and women. if the results of our study are reproduced by other studies, advice for high dairy intake may be added to treatment and prevention of high bp. this trial was registered at trialregister.nl as ntr4899. copyright © american society for nutrition 2019.
milk and dairy product consumption and cardiovascular diseases: an overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses.$$$ milk and dairy products containing milk fat are major food sources of saturated fatty acids, which have been linked to increased risk of cardiovascular-related clinical outcomes such as cardiovascular disease (cvd), coronary heart disease (chd), and stroke. therefore, current recommendations by health authorities advise consumption of low-fat or fat-free milk. today, these recommendations are seriously questioned by meta-analyses of both prospective cohort studies and randomized controlled trials (rcts) reporting inconsistent results. the present study includes an overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses of follow-up studies, an overview of meta-analyses involving rcts, and an update on meta-analyses of rcts (2013-2018) aiming to synthesize the evidence regarding the influence of dairy product consumption on the risk of major cardiovascular-related outcomes and how various doses of different dairy products affect the responses, as well as on selected biomarkers of cardiovascular disease risk, i.e., blood pressure and blood lipids. the search strategies for both designs were conducted in the medline, embase, cochrane central register of controlled trials, cochrane database of systematic reviews, and web of science databases from their inception to april 2018. from the 31 full-text articles retrieved for cohort studies, 17 met the eligibility criteria. the pooled risk ratio estimated for the association between the consumption of different dairy products at different dose-responses and cardiovascular outcomes (cvd, chd, and stroke) showed a statistically significant negative association with rr values <1, or did not find evidence of significant association. the overview of 12 meta-analyses involving rcts as well as the updated meta-analyses of rcts did not result in significant changes on risk biomarkers such as systolic and diastolic blood pressure and total cholesterol and ldl cholesterol. therefore, the present study states that the consumption of total dairy products, with either regular or low fat content, does not adversely affect the risk of cvd. copyright © american society for nutrition 2019.
role of single serving form of dairy on satiety and postprandial glycaemia in young and older healthy adults.$$$ dairy proteins reduce appetite and improve postprandial glycaemic response in adults. however, there are no reports of dairy in amounts usually consumed on satiety and postprandial glycaemia in either young or older adults. in a randomized crossover design, 30 healthy young adults (age: 23.5 +/- 0.5 years.
meals with similar fat content from different dairy products induce different postprandial triglyceride responses in healthy adults: a randomized controlled cross-over trial.$$$ background: postprandial lipemia is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. dairy products differ in nutrient content and food matrix, and little is known about how different dairy products affect postprandial triglyceride (tg) concentrations., objective: we investigated the effect of meals with similar amounts of fat from different dairy products on postprandial tg concentrations over 6 h in healthy adults., methods: a randomized controlled cross-over study was performed on 47 subjects (30% men), with median (25th-75th percentile) age of 32 (25-46) y and body mass index of 23.6 (21.0-25.8) kg/m2. meals included 1 of butter, cheese, whipped cream, or sour cream, corresponding to 45 g of fat (approximately 60 energy%). serum concentrations of tgs (primary outcome), and total cholesterol (tc), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl cholesterol), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (hdl cholesterol), insulin, glucose, non-esterified fatty acids, and plasma glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (secondary outcomes) were measured before the meal and 2, 4, and 6 h postprandially. incremental auc (iauc) was calculated for the responses, and data were analyzed using a linear mixed model., results: sour cream induced a 61% larger tg-iauc0-6 h compared to whipped cream (p < 0.001), a 53% larger tg-iauc0-6 h compared to butter (p < 0.001), and a 23% larger tg-iauc0-6 h compared to cheese (p = 0.05). no differences in tg-iauc0-6 h between the other meals were observed. intake of sour cream induced a larger hdl cholesterol-iauc0-6 h compared to cheese (p = 0.01). intake of cheese induced a 124% larger insulin iauc0-6 h compared to butter (p = 0.006). no other meal effects were observed., conclusions: high-fat meals containing similar amount of fat from different dairy products induce different postprandial effects on serum tgs, hdl cholesterol, and insulin in healthy adults. the potential mechanisms and clinical impact of our findings remain to be further elucidated. the study was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as nct02836106. copyright © 2019 american society for nutrition.
dairy matrix effects: response to consumption of dairy fat differs when eaten within the cheese matrix-a randomized controlled trial.$$$ background: dairy fat consumed as cheese has different effects on blood lipids than that consumed as butter. it is unknown whether the effect is specific to fat interaction with other cheese nutrients (calcium, casein proteins), or to the cheese matrix itself., objective: we aimed to test the effect of 6 wk daily consumption of ~40 g dairy fat, eaten within macronutrient-matched food matrices, on markers of metabolic health, in overweight adults aged >=50 y., design: the study was a 6-wk randomized parallel intervention.
premeal low-fat yogurt consumption reduces postprandial inflammation and markers of endotoxin exposure in healthy premenopausal women in a randomized controlled trial.$$$ background: metabolic endotoxemia is associated with obesity and contributes to postprandial inflammation., objective: we aimed to determine if low-fat yogurt consumption prevents postprandial inflammation and dysmetabolism in healthy women by inhibiting biomarkers of metabolic endotoxemia., methods: premenopausal women defined as obese and nonobese [body mass index (bmi, in kg/m2) 30-40 and 18.5-27, respectively, n = 120] were randomly assigned to consume 339 g of low-fat yogurt (yn, yogurt nonobese.
randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial of the blood pressure-lowering effect of fermented milk with lactococcus lactis: a pilot study.$$$ the blood pressure-lowering effect of fermented milk with lactococcus lactis nrrl b-50571 was evaluated in a double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial with prehypertensive subjects. participants were randomized into 2 groups (n = 18 each group): one group treated with fermented milk with lactococcus lactis nrrl b-50571 and a control group treated with artificially acidified milk. results revealed that during daily consumption of fermented milk for 5 wk, systolic [(116.55 +/- 12.26 mmhg vs. 124.77 +/- 11.04 mmhg) and diastolic blood pressure (80.7 +/- 9 vs. 84.5 +/- 8.5 mmhg)] from the fermented milk group was lower than the control group. additionally, triglyceride, total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein in blood serum were lower in the fermented milk group than in the control group. results demonstrated that daily consumption of fermented milk with lactococcus lactis (nrrl b-50571) had a blood pressure-lowering effect on prehypertensive subjects. regular consumption of this product may be used as a potential functional food. copyright © 2018 american dairy science association. published by elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
effect of whole milk compared with skimmed milk on fasting blood lipids in healthy adults: a 3-week randomized crossover study.$$$ background/objectives: dietary guidelines have for decades recommended choosing low-fat dairy products due to the high content of saturated fat in dairy known to increase blood concentration of ldl cholesterol. however, meta-analyses including observational studies show no association between overall dairy intake and risk of cardiovascular disease and even point to an inverse association with type 2 diabetes. the objective was to compare the effects of whole milk (3.5% fat) with skimmed milk (0.1% fat) on fasting serum blood lipids, insulin, and plasma glucose in healthy subjects., subject/methods: a randomized, controlled 2 x 3-week crossover dietary intervention in 18 healthy adults randomly assigned to a sequence of treatments consisting of 0.5 l/d of whole milk and skimmed milk as part of their habitual diet. a total of 17 subjects completed the intervention., results: whole milk increased hdl cholesterol concentrations significantly compared to skimmed milk (p < 0.05). there were no significant differences between whole milk and skimmed milk in effects on total and ldl cholesterol, triacylglycerol, insulin, and glucose concentrations., conclusions: intake of 0.5 l/d of whole milk did not adversely affect fasting blood lipids, glucose, or insulin compared to skimmed milk. moreover, intake of whole milk increased hdl cholesterol concentration compared to skimmed milk. these findings suggest that if the higher energy content is taken into account, whole milk might be considered a part of a healthy diet among the normocholesterolemic population.
high intake of dairy during energy restriction does not affect energy balance or the intestinal microflora compared with low dairy intake in overweight individuals in a randomized controlled trial.$$$ during weight loss, dairy calcium is proposed to accelerate weight and fat-mass loss through increased fecal fat excretion. the primary objective was to investigate if a high-dairy energy-restricted diet is superior to low dairy in terms of changes in body weight, body composition, and fecal fat excretion over 24 weeks. secondary objectives included fecal energy and calcium excretion, resting energy expenditure, blood pressure, lipid metabolism, and gut microbiota. in a randomized, parallel-arm intervention study, 11 men and 69 women (body mass index, 30.6 +/- 0.3 kg/m2.
plasma phospholipid fatty acid profile confirms compliance to a novel saturated fat-reduced, monounsaturated fat-enriched dairy product intervention in adults at moderate cardiovascular risk: a randomized controlled trial.$$$ background: dairy products are a major contributor to dietary sfa. partial replacement of milk sfa with unsaturated fatty acids (fas) is possible through oleic-acid rich supplementation of the dairy cow diet. to assess adherence to the intervention of sfa-reduced, mufa-enriched dairy product consumption in the reset (replacement of saturated fat in dairy on total cholesterol) study using 4-d weighed dietary records, in addition to plasma phospholipid fa (pl-fa) status., methods: in a randomised, controlled, crossover design, free-living uk participants identified as moderate risk for cvd (n = 54) were required to replace habitually consumed dairy foods (milk, cheese and butter), with study products with a fa profile typical of retail products (control) or sfa-reduced, mufa-enriched profile (modified), for two 12-week periods, separated by an 8-week washout period. a flexible food-exchange model was used to implement each isoenergetic high-fat, high-dairy diet (38% of total energy intake (%te) total fat): control (dietary target: 19%te sfa.
low-fat yogurt consumption reduces biomarkers of chronic inflammation and inhibits markers of endotoxin exposure in healthy premenopausal women: a randomised controlled trial.$$$ the anti-inflammatory mechanisms of low-fat dairy product consumption are largely unknown. the objective of this study was to determine whether low-fat yogurt reduces biomarkers of chronic inflammation and endotoxin exposure in women. premenopausal women (bmi 18.5-27 and 30-40 kg/m2) were randomised to consume 339 g of low-fat yogurt (yogurt non-obese (yn).
kefir drink causes a significant yet similar improvement in serum lipid profile, compared with low-fat milk, in a dairy-rich diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women: a randomized controlled trial.$$$ background: controversy exists as to whether the lipid-lowering properties of kefir drink (a fermented probiotic dairy product) in animal models could be replicated in humans., objective: to assess and compare the potential lipid-lowering effects of kefir drink with low-fat milk in a dairy-rich diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women., methods: in this 8-week, single-center, multiarm, parallel-group, outpatient, randomized controlled trial, 75 eligible iranian women aged 25 to 45 years were randomly allocated to kefir, milk, or control groups. women in the control group received a weight-maintenance diet containing 2 servings/d of low-fat dairy products, whereas subjects in the milk and kefir groups received a similar diet containing 2 additional servings/d (a total of 4 servings/d) of dairy products from low-fat milk or kefir drink, respectively. at baseline and study end point, serum levels/ratios of total cholesterol (tc), low- and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldlc and hdlc), triglyceride, non-hdlc, tc/hdlc, ldlc/hdlc, and triglyceride/ldlc were measured as outcome measures., results: after 8 weeks, subjects in the kefir group had significantly lower serum levels/ratios of lipoproteins than those in the control group (mean between-group differences were -10.4 mg/dl, -9.7 mg/dl, -11.5 mg/dl, -0.4, and -0.3 for tc, ldlc, non-hdlc, tc/hdlc, and ldlc/hdlc, respectively.
streptococcus thermophilus fermented milk reduces serum mda-ldl and blood pressure in healthy and mildly hypercholesterolaemic adults.$$$ low-density lipoprotein (ldl)-cholesterol, malondialdehyde-modified low-density lipoprotein (mda-ldl), mda-ldl/ldl-cholesterol in serum, and blood pressure are considered useful risk markers of cardiovascular diseases. this study aimed to examine whether a fermented milk containing streptococcus thermophilus yit 2001 (st), which has high anti-oxidative activity, would benefit healthy and mildly hyper-ldl-cholesterolaemic adults via a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. st-fermented milk or non-fermented placebo milk (pc) was consumed once a day for 12 weeks by 29 and 30 subjects, respectively, with average serum ldl-cholesterol levels of about 140 mg/dl. serum levels of ldl-cholesterol and mda-ldl and blood pressure were analysed before (baseline) and after consumption. comparisons of the responses between both groups were assessed using analysis of covariance (ancova, with the baseline value as the covariate). ancova demonstrated that the st group had significant reductions in mda-ldl, mda-ldl/ldl-cholesterol, systolic blood pressure (sbp), and diastolic blood pressure (dbp) compared with the pc group during the consumption period (p<0.05). moreover, stratified analysis revealed that there were significant reductions in mda-ldl, mda-ldl/ldl-cholesterol, sbp, and dbp in the st group compared with the pc group during the consumption period in subjects who had above median (65 u/l) levels of oxidative stress marker mda-ldl at baseline (p<0.05), but not in subjects with levels below the median. these findings suggest that daily consumption of st-fermented milk may be beneficial in healthy or mildly hyper-ldl cholesterolaemic subjects through reductions in risk marker values of oxidative stress and/or cardiovascular diseases. the benefits were particularly remarkable in subjects who had higher levels of mda-ldl.
randomized controlled trial of the effect of phytosterols-enriched low-fat milk on lipid profile in chinese.$$$ phytosterols found naturally in plants are known to reduce cholesterol absorption in the gut. the traditional southern chinese diet typically contains many vegetables and not much meat, and there is high prevalence of lactose intolerance in chinese.
effects of milk proteins on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized control trials.$$$ certain foods or their components are widely used in the prevention and/or management of cardiovascular disease. milk proteins have been suggested to have hypotensive properties. a number of clinical trials have been carried out to evaluate the effect of milk proteins from whole foods and supplements on blood pressure (bp). however, the effect of milk proteins on bp is not well understood. therefore, we conducted a meta-analysis of randomized control trials to provide insight into and robust evidence concerning the overall impact of milk proteins on bp. the pubmed and cochrane databases were searched for literature concerning the effects of milk proteins on bp up to may 2016. a random effects model was used to calculate the pooled estimates and 95% confidence intervals of effect sizes. the final analysis included seven randomized control trials involving 412 participants. overall, milk protein interventions significantly lowered systolic bp by -3.33 mm hg (95% confidence interval -5.62, -1.03) and diastolic bp by -1.08 mm hg (95% confidence interval -3.38, -0.22). there was no statistical evidence of publication bias across the studies. in conclusion, this meta-analysis provides further evidence that milk proteins slightly but significantly lower both systolic and diastolic bp.
impact of preloading either dairy or soy milk on postprandial glycemia, insulinemia and gastric emptying in healthy adults.$$$ purpose: milk protein ingestion reduces post-meal glycemia when consumed either before or together with carbohydrate foods. the aim of this study was to compare the effects of dairy and soy milk consumed either before (preload) or together with (co-ingestion) a carbohydrate (bread), on postprandial blood glucose, insulin and gastric emptying in healthy participants., methods: twelve healthy chinese male participants were studied on five separate occasions using a randomized crossover design. white wheat bread consumed with water was used as a reference meal. capillary and venous bloods were sampled pretest and 3.5 h post-test meal for glucose and insulin measurement. gastric emptying was measured using real-time ultrasonography., results: co-ingestion of dairy milk or soy milk with bread lowered postprandial blood glucose response and glycemic index. co-ingesting soy milk with bread increased insulin response and insulinemic index significantly compared to co-ingestion of dairy milk and preload treatments. preloads (30 min prior to bread) significantly lowered postprandial glycemia and insulinemia compared to co-ingestion. gastric emptying was slower after co-ingesting dairy milk with bread than after reference meal., conclusions: preloading either soy milk or dairy milk results in greater reduction in glycemic response compared to co-ingestion alone. this dietary practice may have therapeutic advantage in communities consuming high gi diets. optimal glucose control may have the potential for increasing the time of transition from prediabetes to type 2 diabetes in asian communities., clinical trial registration: this trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as nct 02151188.
whey and casein proteins and medium-chain saturated fatty acids from milk do not increase low-grade inflammation in abdominally obese adults.$$$ background: low-grade inflammation is involved in the development of diabetes and cardiovascular disease (cvd). inflammation can be modulated by dietary factors. dairy products are rich in saturated fatty acids (sfa), which are known to possess pro-inflammatory properties. however, different fatty acid compositions may exert different effects. other components such as milk proteins may exert anti-inflammatory properties which may compensate for the potential negative effects of sfas. generally, the available data suggest a neutral role of dairy product consumption on inflammation., aim: to investigate the effects of, and potential interaction between, a dietary supplementation with whey protein and milk fat, naturally enriched in medium-chain sfa (mc-sfa), on inflammatory markers in abdominal obese adults., methods: the study was a 12-week, randomized, double-blinded, intervention study. sixty-three adults were equally allocated to one of four groups which received a supplement of either 60 g/day whey or 60 g/day casein plus 63 g/day milk fat either high or low in mc-sfa content. fifty-two subjects completed the study. before and after the intervention, changes in plasma interleukin-6 (il-6), interleukin-1 receptor antagonist (il-1ra), high-sensitive c-reactive protein (hscrp), adiponectin, and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (mcp-1) were measured. changes in inflammatory genes in the subcutaneous adipose tissue were also documented., results: there were no differences in circulating inflammatory markers between protein types or fatty acid compositions in abdominally obese subjects, with the exception of an increase in adiponectin in response to high compared to low mc-sfa consumption in women. we found that combined dairy proteins and mc-sfas influenced inflammatory gene expression in adipose tissue, while no effect was detected by dairy proteins or mc-sfa per se., conclusion: whey protein compared with casein and mc-sfa-enriched milk fat did not alter circulating markers of low-grade inflammation in abdominally obese subjects, except for an increase in circulating adiponectin in response to high mc-sfa in abdominally obese women.
high intake of regular-fat cheese compared with reduced-fat cheese does not affect ldl cholesterol or risk markers of the metabolic syndrome: a randomized controlled trial.$$$ background: regular-fat cheese contains a high amount of saturated fat. therefore, dietary guidelines in many countries recommend the consumption of reduced-fat cheese as opposed to regular-fat cheese. however, the negative effect of regular-fat cheese is still under debate., objectives: the aim was to compare the effects of regular-fat cheese with an equal amount of reduced-fat cheese and an isocaloric amount of carbohydrate-rich foods on ldl cholesterol and risk factors for the metabolic syndrome (mets)., design: the study was a 12-wk randomized parallel intervention preceded by a 2-wk run-in period. a total of 164 subjects with >=2 mets risk factors were randomly allocated to 1 of 3 intervention groups: regular-fat cheese (reg), reduced-fat cheese (red), or a no-cheese, carbohydrate control (cho) group. subjects in the reg and red groups replaced part of their daily habitual diet with 80 g cheese/10 mj, whereas subjects in the cho group did the same with bread and jam corresponding to 90 g and 25 g/10 mj, respectively., results: a total of 139 subjects completed the intervention. the primary outcome, ldl cholesterol, was not significantly different between the reg and red diets or between the reg and cho diets. there was no significant difference in hdl cholesterol between the reg and red diets, but hdl cholesterol tended to be higher with the reg diet than with the cho diet (0.06 +/- 0.03 mmol/l.
the effects of an olive fruit polyphenol-enriched yogurt on body composition, blood redox status, physiological and metabolic parameters and yogurt microflora.$$$ in the present study we investigated the effects of an olive polyphenol-enriched yogurt on yogurt microflora, as well as hematological, physiological and metabolic parameters, blood redox status and body composition. in a randomized double-blind, crossover design, 16 (6 men, 10 women) nonsmoking volunteers with non-declared pathology consumed either 400 g of olive fruit polyphenol-enriched yogurt with 50 mg of encapsulated olive polyphenols (experimental condition-ec) or 400 g of plain yogurt (control condition-cc) every day for two weeks. physiological measurements and blood collection were performed before and after two weeks of each condition. the results showed that body weight, body mass index, hip circumference and systolic blood pressure decreased significantly (p < 0.05) following the two-week consumption of yogurt regardless of condition. a tendency towards significance for decreased levels of low density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol (p = 0.06) and thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (p < 0.05) following two weeks of polyphenol-enriched yogurt consumption was observed. the population of lactic acid bacteria (lab) and production of lactate in yogurt were significantly enhanced after addition of olive polyphenols, contrary to the population of yeasts and molds. the results indicate that consumption of the polyphenol-enriched yogurt may help individuals with non-declared pathology reduce body weight, blood pressure, ldl cholesterol levels and lipid peroxidation, and promote growth of beneficial lab.
common variants in cholesterol synthesis- and transport-related genes associate with circulating cholesterol responses to intakes of conventional dairy products in healthy individuals.$$$ background: dairy intake has been associated with varying impacts on circulating cholesterol concentrations across nutritional epidemiology and intervention studies, with findings attributed mainly to differences in the nature of dairy products consumed or study designs. the contribution of the genomic architecture to such observations has yet to be revealed., objective: we assessed the impact of multiple common genetic variations in cholesterol-related genes on responses of serum cholesterol to the recommended amount of dairy product intake in canada., methods: in a multicenter, randomized crossover design, 101 normolipidemic adults (n = 29 men and 72 women), with a mean +/- sd age of 41.7 +/- 16.7 y and a body mass index (bmi, in kg/m(2)) of 25.9 +/- 4.3 consumed 3 servings/d of dairy [375 ml 1% milk-fat (mf) milk, 175 g 1.5% mf yogurt, and 30 g of 34% mf cheese] or energy-matched control products (juice, cashews, and cookies) provided within a prudent background diet for 4 wk each, separated by a 4- to 8-wk washout period. serum lipid variables were determined by standard enzymatic methods by using an autoanalyzer. candidate single nucleotide polymorphisms were assessed by taqman genotyping assay., results: the responsiveness of serum total cholesterol (tc) and ldl cholesterol to the dairy compared with the control diet was associated with individuals' genotypes. the cholesterol transport gene atp-binding cassette subfamily g, member 5 (abcg5) rs6720173-gg homozygotes had higher concentrations of tc (+0.18 mmol/l.
yogurt consumption and abdominal obesity reversion in the predimed study.$$$ background and aims: evidence on the association yogurt consumption and obesity is not conclusive. the aim of this study was to prospectively evaluate the association between yogurt consumption, reversion of abdominal obesity status and waist circumference change in elderly., methods and results: 4545 individuals at high cardiovascular risk were prospectively followed. total, whole-fat and low-fat yogurt consumption were assessed using food frequency questionnaires. generalized estimating equations were used to analyze the association between yogurt consumption and waist circumference change (measured at baseline and yearly during the follow-up). logistic regression models were used to evaluate the odds ratios (ors) and 95% cis of the reversion rate of abdominal obesity for each quintile of yogurt consumption compared with the lowest quintile. after multivariable adjustment, the average yearly waist circumference change in the quintiles of whole-fat yogurt consumption was: q1: 0.00, q2: 0.00 (-0.23 to 0.23), q3: -0.15 (-0.42 to 0.13), q4: 0.10 (-0.21 to 0.42), and q5: -0.23 (-0.46 to -0.00) cm.
effects of low-fat milk consumption on metabolic and atherogenic biomarkers in korean adults with the metabolic syndrome: a randomised controlled trial.$$$ background: previous studies of the health effects of low-fat milk or dairy consumption on the metabolic syndrome have yielded inconsistent results. the present study aimed to investigate the effects of low-fat milk consumption on traits associated with the metabolic syndrome, as well as inflammatory and atherogenic biomarkers, in korean adults with the metabolic syndrome., methods: overweight koreans with the metabolic syndrome (n = 58) were recruited and randomly assigned to either the low-fat milk or control group. the low-fat milk group was instructed to consume two packs of low-fat milk per day (200 ml twice daily) for 6 weeks, and the control group was instructed to maintain their habitual diet. clinical investigations were conducted during the screening visit, on study day 0, and after 6 weeks., results: no significant differences in changes in body mass index, blood pressure, lipid profile and adiponectin levels, as well as levels of inflammatory markers, oxidative stress markers and atherogenic markers, were found between the low-fat milk and control groups. however, compared to the controls, significant favourable decreases in serum soluble vascular adhesion molecule-1 and endothelin-1 levels were found in the 12 subjects with high blood pressure and in the 18 subjects with hypertriglyceridaemia in the low-fat milk group., conclusions: the present study did not demonstrate an overall beneficial effect of low-fat milk consumption in subjects with the metabolic syndrome. however, low-fat milk consumption may have a favourable effect on atherogenic markers in subjects with high blood pressure or hypertriglyceridaemia. copyright © 2016 the british dietetic association ltd.
comparison of the dash (dietary approaches to stop hypertension) diet and a higher-fat dash diet on blood pressure and lipids and lipoproteins: a randomized controlled trial.$$$ background: the dash (dietary approaches to stop hypertension) dietary pattern, which is high in fruit, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods, significantly lowers blood pressure as well as low-density lipoprotein (ldl) and high-density lipoprotein (hdl) cholesterol., objective: the study was designed to test the effects of substituting full-fat for low-fat dairy foods in the dash diet, with a corresponding increase in fat and a reduction in sugar intake, on blood pressure and plasma lipids and lipoproteins., design: this was a 3-period randomized crossover trial in free-living healthy individuals who consumed in random order a control diet, a standard dash diet, and a higher-fat, lower-carbohydrate modification of the dash diet (hf-dash diet) for 3 wk each, separated by 2-wk washout periods. laboratory measurements, which included lipoprotein particle concentrations determined by ion mobility, were made at the end of each experimental diet., results: thirty-six participants completed all 3 dietary periods. blood pressure was reduced similarly with the dash and hf-dash diets compared with the control diet. the hf-dash diet significantly reduced triglycerides and large and medium very-low-density lipoprotein (vldl) particle concentrations and increased ldl peak particle diameter compared with the dash diet. the dash diet, but not the hf-dash diet, significantly reduced ldl cholesterol, hdl cholesterol, apolipoprotein a-i, intermediate-density lipoprotein and large ldl particles, and ldl peak diameter compared with the control diet., conclusions: the hf-dash diet lowered blood pressure to the same extent as the dash diet but also reduced plasma triglyceride and vldl concentrations without significantly increasing ldl cholesterol. this trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as nct01404897. copyright © 2016 american society for nutrition.
comparison of the effect of daily consumption of probiotic compared with low-fat conventional yogurt on weight loss in healthy obese women following an energy-restricted diet: a randomized controlled trial.$$$ background: despite evidence for the beneficial effects of probiotics and low-fat dairy products, to our knowledge, no study has compared the beneficial effect on weight loss of consuming a probiotic yogurt (py) compared with a standard low-fat yogurt (lf) during a hypoenergetic program., objective: we compared the effect of the py with lf yogurt consumption on body weight and cardiometabolic risk factors in women during a weight-loss program., design: overweight and obese women [body mass index (in kg/m(2)): 27-40.
kefir drink leads to a similar weight loss, compared with milk, in a dairy-rich non-energy-restricted diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women: a randomized controlled trial.$$$ purpose: controversy exists regarding whether increasing dairy intake without energy restriction would lead to weight loss. we aimed to compare the potential weight-reducing effects of kefir drink (a probiotic dairy product) and milk in a dairy-rich non-energy-restricted diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women., methods: one hundred and forty-four subjects were assessed for eligibility in this single-center, multi-arm, parallel-group, randomized controlled trial. of these, seventy-five eligible women aged 25-45 years were randomly assigned to three groups, labeled as control, milk, and kefir, to receive an outpatient dietary regimen for 8 weeks. subjects in the control group received a diet providing a maintenance level of energy intake, containing 2 servings/day of low-fat dairy products, while those in the milk and kefir groups received a weight maintenance diet, containing 2 additional servings/day (a total of 4 servings/day) of dairy products from low-fat milk or commercial kefir drink, respectively. anthropometric outcomes including weight, body mass index (bmi), and waist circumference (wc) were measured every 2 weeks., results: fifty-eight subjects completed the study. using analysis of covariance models in the intention-to-treat population (n = 75), we found that at 8 weeks, subjects in the kefir and milk groups had significantly greater reductions in weight, bmi, and wc compared to those in the control group (all p < 0.01). however, no such significant differences were found between the kefir and milk groups., conclusions: kefir drink leads to a similar weight loss, compared with milk, in a dairy-rich non-energy-restricted diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women. however, further studies are warranted.
the effects of postexercise consumption of a kefir beverage on performance and recovery during intensive endurance training.$$$ this study was designed to determine whether kefir accentuates the positive health benefits assessed by measures in fitness, body composition, or both, as a measure of cardiovascular disease risk as well as the biomarker c-reactive protein (crp). sixty-seven adult males and females aged 18 to 24 yr were assigned to 1 of 4 groups: (1) endurance training + control beverage, (2) endurance training +kefir beverage,(3) active control + control beverage, or (4) active control + kefir beverage. the exercise groups completed 15 wk of structured endurancetraining while the active control groups maintained their usual exercise routine. additionally, each group was assigned to either a kefir or a calorie/macronutrient matched placebo beverage that was consumed twice per week. no significant interactions were found among groups with respect to outcome variables with the exception of serum crp. the endurance training was effective in improving 1.5-mile (2.41 km) times and kefir supplementation may have been a factor in attenuating the increase in crp that was observed over the course of the intervention period. this preliminary study suggests that kefir may be involved in improving the risk profile for cardiovascular disease as defined by crp. copyright © 2015 american dairy science association. published by elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
diets with high-fat cheese, high-fat meat, or carbohydrate on cardiovascular risk markers in overweight postmenopausal women: a randomized crossover trial.$$$ background: heart associations recommend limited intake of saturated fat. however, effects of saturated fat on low-density lipoprotein (ldl)-cholesterol concentrations and cardiovascular disease risk might depend on nutrients and specific saturated fatty acids (sfas) in food., objective: we explored the effects of cheese and meat as sources of sfas or isocaloric replacement with carbohydrates on blood lipids, lipoproteins, and fecal excretion of fat and bile acids., design: the study was a randomized, crossover, open-label intervention in 14 overweight postmenopausal women. three full-diet periods of 2-wk duration were provided separated by 2-wk washout periods. the isocaloric diets were as follows: 1) a high-cheese (96-120-g) intervention [i.e., intervention containing cheese (cheese)], 2) a macronutrient-matched nondairy, high-meat control [i.e., nondairy control with a high content of high-fat processed and unprocessed meat in amounts matching the saturated fat content from cheese in the intervention containing cheese (meat)], and 3) a nondairy, low-fat, high-carbohydrate control (i.e., nondairy low-fat control in which the energy from cheese fat and protein was isocalorically replaced by carbohydrates and lean meat (carb)., results: the cheese diet caused a 5% higher high-density lipoprotein (hdl)-cholesterol concentration (p = 0.012), an 8% higher apo a-i concentration (p < 0.001), and a 5% lower apob:apo a-i ratio (p = 0.008) than did the carb diet. also, the meat diet caused an 8% higher hdl-cholesterol concentration (p < 0.001) and a 4% higher apo a-i concentration (p = 0.033) than did the carb diet. total cholesterol, ldl cholesterol, apob, and triacylglycerol were similar with the 3 diets. fecal fat excretion was 1.8 and 0.9 g higher with the cheese diet than with carb and meat diets (p < 0.001 and p = 0.004, respectively) and 0.9 g higher with the meat diet than with the carb diet (p = 0.005). cheese and meat diets caused higher fecal bile acid excretion than did the carb diet (p < 0.05 and p = 0.006, respectively). the dominant type of bile acids excreted differed between cheese and meat diets., conclusions: diets with cheese and meat as primary sources of sfas cause higher hdl cholesterol and apo a-i and, therefore, appear to be less atherogenic than is a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet. also, our findings confirm that cheese increases fecal fat excretion. this trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as nct01739153. copyright © 2015 american society for nutrition.
butter increased total and ldl cholesterol compared with olive oil but resulted in higher hdl cholesterol compared with a habitual diet.$$$ background: butter is known to have a cholesterol-raising effect and, therefore, has often been included as a negative control in dietary studies, whereas the effect of moderate butter intake has not been elucidated to our knowledge., objective: we compared the effects of moderate butter intake, moderate olive oil intake, and a habitual diet on blood lipids, high-sensitivity c-reactive protein (hscrp), glucose, and insulin., design: the study was a controlled, double-blinded, randomized 2 x 5-wk crossover dietary intervention study with a 14-d run-in period during which subjects consumed their habitual diets. the study included 47 healthy men and women (mean +/- sd total cholesterol: 5.22 +/- 0.90 mmol/l) who substituted a part of their habitual diets with 4.5% of energy from butter or refined olive oil., results: study subjects were 70% women with a mean age and body mass index (in kg/m2) of 40.4 y and 23.5, respectively. butter intake increased total cholesterol and ldl cholesterol more than did olive oil intake (p < 0.05) and the run-in period (p < 0.005 and p < 0.05, respectively) and increased hdl cholesterol compared with the run-in period (p < 0.05). no difference in effects was observed for triacylglycerol, hscrp, insulin, and glucose concentrations. the intake of saturated fatty acids was significantly higher in the butter period than in the olive oil and run-in periods (p < 0.0001)., conclusions: moderate intake of butter resulted in increases in total cholesterol and ldl cholesterol compared with the effects of olive oil intake and a habitual diet (run-in period). furthermore, moderate butter intake was also followed by an increase in hdl cholesterol compared with the habitual diet. we conclude that hypercholesterolemic people should keep their consumption of butter to a minimum, whereas moderate butter intake may be considered part of the diet in the normocholesterolemic population. copyright © 2015 american society for nutrition.
potential role of milk fat globule membrane in modulating plasma lipoproteins, gene expression, and cholesterol metabolism in humans: a randomized study.$$$ background: butter is rich in saturated fat [saturated fatty acids (sfas)] and can increase plasma low density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol, which is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease. however, compared with other dairy foods, butter is low in milk fat globule membrane (mfgm) content, which encloses the fat. we hypothesized that different dairy foods may have distinct effects on plasma lipids because of a varying content of mfgm., objective: we aimed to investigate whether the effects of milk fat on plasma lipids and cardiometabolic risk markers are modulated by the mfgm content., design: the study was an 8-wk, single-blind, randomized, controlled isocaloric trial with 2 parallel groups including overweight men and women (n = 57 randomly assigned). for the intervention, subjects consumed 40 g milk fat/d as either whipping cream (mfgm diet) or butter oil (control diet). intervention foods were matched for total fat, protein, carbohydrates, and calcium. subjects were discouraged from consuming any other dairy products during the study. plasma markers of cholesterol absorption and hepatic cholesterol metabolism were assessed together with global gene-expression analyses in peripheral blood mononuclear cells., results: as expected, the control diet increased plasma lipids, whereas the mfgm diet did not [total cholesterol (+/-sd): +0.30 +/- 0.49 compared with -0.04 +/- 0.49 mmol/l, respectively (p = 0.024).
effect of cheese consumption on blood lipids: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.$$$ context: cheese may affect lipids and lipoproteins differently than other high-fat dairy foods., objective: the present systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to evaluate randomized controlled trials that examined the effect of cheese consumption compared with another food product on blood lipids and lipoproteins., data sources: a systematic literature search of the medline, embase, scopus, cab abstracts, the cochrane controlled trials register, and the clinicaltrials.gov website was performed., study selection: a total of 12 randomized controlled trials (rcts) were identified that examined the effect of cheese consumption on blood lipids and lipoproteins in healthy adults., data extraction: a meta-analysis of 5 rcts that compared the effects of hard cheese and butter, both of which had a similar ratio of polyunsaturated fatty acids to saturated fatty acids (p/s ratio), was performed., data synthesis: compared with butter intake, cheese intake (weighted mean difference: 145.0 g/d) reduced low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl-c) by 6.5% (-0.22 mmol/l.
an oat bran-based beverage reduce postprandial glycaemia equivalent to yoghurt in healthy overweight subjects.$$$ an acute meal study was performed to determine postprandial glucose and insulin responses after consumption of two fermented oat bran-based beverages (with and without exopolysaccharides) and yoghurt. this randomized, single-blind, within-subject study included 18 healthy, overweight participants. four breakfast meals, including a reference meal, were tested.
effects of non-fat dairy products added to the routine diet on vascular function: a randomized controlled crossover trial.$$$ background and aims: high consumption of low- and non-fat dairy products is associated with reduced risk of high blood pressure (bp) and central arterial stiffness. however, interventional studies to determine if the addition of non-fat dairy products to the diet is capable of reducing central bp and improving vascular function are lacking. the aim of this study was to determine if the solitary addition of non-fat dairy products to the normal routine diet would reduce central bp and improve vascular function in middle-aged and older adults with elevated bp., methods and results: using a randomized, crossover intervention study design, forty-nine adults (44% men, 53 +/- 2 years, 170 +/- 2 cm, 88 +/- 3 kg.
impact of milk consumption on cardiometabolic risk in postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity.$$$ background: the impact of dairy intake on cardiometabolic risk factors associated with metabolic syndrome (mets) needs further research., objective: to investigate the impact of milk consumption on a wide array of cardiometabolic risk factors associated with mets (blood lipids, cholesterol homeostasis, glucose homeostasis, systemic inflammation, blood pressure, endothelial function) in postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity., methods: in this randomized, crossover study, 27 women with abdominal obesity consumed two 6-week diets based on the national cholesterol education program (ncep), one with 3.2 servings/d of 2% fat milk per 2000 kcal (milk) and one without milk or other dairy (ncep). the macronutrient composition of both diets was comparable (55% carbohydrates, 15% proteins, 30% fat and 10% saturated fat)., results: the milk diet had no significant effect on ldl-c, triglycerides, ldl size, crp and cell adhesion molecule concentrations and on indicators of insulin sensitivity. the milk diet reduced hdl-c, adiponectin, endothelin and fasting glucose levels as well blood pressure (all p <= 0.01), but those changes were comparable to those seen with the ncep milk-free diet (all between-diet p >= 0.07). finally, the milk diet was associated with lower vldl apolipoprotein b fractional catabolic rate (-13.4%.
[risk management of cardiovascular disease through milk enriched with sterols in a young-adult population$$$ randomized controlled clinical trial].
certain dietary patterns are beneficial for the metabolic syndrome: reviewing the evidence.$$$ the metabolic syndrome (mets) is a global public health issue of increasing magnitude. the asia-pacific region is expected to be hardest hit due to large population numbers, rising obesity, and insulin resistance (ir). this review assessed the protective effects of dietary patterns and their components on mets. a literature search was conducted using prominent electronic databases and search terms that included in combination: diet, dietary components, dietary patterns, and metabolic syndrome. articles were restricted to prospective studies and high quality randomized controlled trials that were conducted on humans, reported in the english language, and within the time period of 2000 to 2012. traditional factors such as age, gender, physical activity, and obesity were associated with risk of mets.
efficacy of yogurt drink with added plant stanol esters (benecol r, colanta) in reducing total and ldl cholesterol in subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia: a randomized placebo-controlled crossover trial nct01461798.$$$ background: cardiovascular diseases have become the leading cause of death from chronic diseases in the world. main risk factors include hypercholesterolemia, which is caused in most cases by a high saturated fat diet. plant stanol esters partly block cholesterol absorption in the digestive tract and thereby reduce total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol serum levels. based on epidemiological data, a 10 percent reduction of ldl cholesterol leads to a 20 percent decrease in the coronary heart disease risk throughout life. the aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of yogurt drink with added plant stanol esters (benecol r yogurt drink) in higher doses than the typically used (2g/d stanols), in lowering blood lipids in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects., methods: a randomized double-blind crossover, placebo-controlled study in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects (n = 40) aged between 20 and 50 years old., results: yogurt drink with added plant stanols (4 g) as esters (benecol r, colanta) consumption compared to regular yogurt drink caused a statistically significant decrease in total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein cholesterol by 7.2% and 10.3%. during the two periods and compared to controls, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides were not significantly different., conclusions: yogurt drink with an active ingredient in benecol r, plant stanol esters, reduced total cholesterol and ldl cholesterol in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects., trial registration: nct01461798.
increased dairy consumption differentially improves metabolic syndrome markers in male and female adults.$$$ background: effects of dairy consumption on metabolic health and adiposity are inconsistent. most clinical trials have investigated dairy intake, frequently during caloric restriction, in overweight or obese populations but not in a metabolic syndrome population. we investigated the effect of increased dairy intake without caloric restriction on anthropometrics, plasma lipids, and glucose in typically low-dairy consumers who met the national cholesterol education program adult treatment panel iii (ncep atp iii) metabolic syndrome criteria., methods: male (n=14) and female (n=23) adults (54.1 +/- 9.7 years) with metabolic syndrome were randomized to consume low-fat dairy (lfd) (10 oz of 1% milk, 6 oz of nonfat yogurt, 4 oz of 2% cheese) or carbohydrate control (cnt) (1.5-oz granola bar and 12 oz of 100% juice) foods for 6 weeks in a crossover study design. anthropometrics, metabolic syndrome parameters, insulin resistance, and parathyroid hormone were measured. body composition was analyzed by a dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry scan for a subset of subjects (n=22)., results: lfd modulated metabolic syndrome parameters differently according to gender. following lfd, men had lower glucose (95.4 +/- 9.1 vs. 98.9 +/- 10.6 mg/dl, p=0.048), whereas women had lower body weight (bw), waist circumference, and body mass index (p<0.01) compared to cnt. women also had lower energy intake following lfd compared to cnt. increases in phosphorus (a dairy nutrient) were negatively correlated with decreases in bw (r=-0.537.
effect of buttermilk consumption on blood pressure in moderately hypercholesterolemic men and women.$$$ objectives: milk fat globule membrane (mfgm) found in buttermilk is rich in unique bioactive proteins. several studies suggest that mfgm proteins possess biological activities such as cholesterol-lowering, antiviral, antibacterial, and anticancer properties, but data in humans are lacking. furthermore, to our knowledge, no study has yet investigated the antihypertensive potential of mfgm proteins from buttermilk. the aim of this study was to investigate the effects of buttermilk consumption on blood pressure and on markers of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone (ras) system in humans., methods: men and women (n = 34) with plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol < 5 mmol/l and normal blood pressure (< 140 mm hg) were recruited in this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study. their diets were supplemented with 45 g/d of buttermilk and with 45 g/d of a macro-/micronutrient-matched placebo in random order (4 wk for each diet)., results: buttermilk consumption significantly reduced systolic blood pressure (-2.6 mm hg.
a randomized trial evaluating the effects of change in dairy food consumption on cardio-metabolic risk factors.$$$ background: it is currently not known whether dairy food influences the risk of cardiovascular disease or diabetes. this study evaluates effects of changing dairy intake on cardio-metabolic risk factors., methods: 180 healthy volunteers were randomised to increase, reduce or not change their dairy intake for 1 month in response to dietary advice. body weight, waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting plasma lipids, insulin resistance and c-reactive protein (crp) were measured at baseline and after 1 month and compared by dietary group., results: 176 (98%) subjects completed the study. average change in self-reported dairy fat intake for increased dairy food was +0.9 sd 1.1 g/day (+71%), no change was -2.1 sd 0.4 g/day (-15%) and decreased dairy food was -10.8 sd 1.2 g/day (-77%) respectively. there was no statistically significant change in ldl or hdl cholesterol, triglycerides, systolic or diastolic blood pressure, c-reactive protein, glucose or insulin with 95% ci standard mean differences <0.2 for all and crp <0.3. there was a small increase in weight (+0.4 kg, sd 3.1) in those asked to increase dairy food., conclusions: in healthy volunteers, dietary advice to change dairy intake for 1 month did not have a clinically significant effect on cardio-metabolic risk factors. these observations suggest that dairy food can be included as part of a normal healthy diet without increasing cardio-metabolic risk., trial registration number: actrn12612000574842. copyright © the author(s) 2013 reprints and permissions: sagepub.co.uk/journalspermissions.nav.
changes in blood pressure and lipid levels in young women consuming a vitamin d-fortified skimmed milk: a randomised controlled trial.$$$ unlabelled: vitamin d exerts a variety of extra-skeletal functions., aim: to know the effects of the consumption of a vitamin d-fortified skimmed milk on glucose, lipid profile, and blood pressure in young women., methods: a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind parallel-group trial of 16 weeks duration was conducted in young women with low iron stores who consumed a skimmed milk fortified with iron and 200 iu/day (5 mug) of vitamin d (d-fortified group, n = 55), or a placebo without vitamin d (d-placebo group, n = 54). a reference group (n = 56) of iron-sufficient women was also recruited., results: baseline serum 25-hydroxyvitamin d was inversely correlated with total-cholesterol (r = -0.176, p = 0.023) and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (ldl-chol) (r = -0.176, p = 0.024). during the assay, ldl-cholesterol increased in the d-placebo group (p = 0.005) while it tended to decrease in the d-fortified group (p = 0.07). neither group displayed changes in total-cholesterol, high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (hdl-chol), triglycerides or glucose levels. systolic (p = 0.017) and diastolic (p = 0.010) blood pressure decreased during the assay in the d-fortified group without significant differences compared to the d-placebo., conclusion: consumption of a dairy product fortified with vitamin d reduces systolic and diastolic blood pressure but does not change lipid levels in young women.
effects of high and low fat dairy food on cardio-metabolic risk factors: a meta-analysis of randomized studies.$$$ importance: clear guidelines on the health effects of dairy food are important given the high prevalence of obesity, cardiovascular disease and diabetes, and increasing global consumption of dairy food., objective: to evaluate the effects of increased dairy food on cardio metabolic risk factors., data sources: searches were performed until april 2013 using medline, science direct, google,embase, the cochrane central register of controlled trials, reference lists of articles, and proceedings of major meetings., study selection: randomized controlled studies with healthy adults randomized to increased dairy food for more than one month without additional interventions., data extraction and synthesis: a standard list was used to extract descriptive, methodological and key variables from all eligible studies. if data was not included in the published report corresponding authors were contacted., results: 20 studies with 1677 participants with a median duration of dietary change of 26 (iqr 10-39) weeks and mean increase in dairy food intake of 3.6 (sd 0.92) serves/day were included. increased dairy food intake was associated with a modest weight gain (+0.59, 95% confidence interval 0.34 to 0.84kg, p<0.0001) but no significant change in waist circumference (0.35 , -0.75 to 1.45 cm).
effects of butter from mountain-pasture grazing cows on risk markers of the metabolic syndrome compared with conventional danish butter: a randomized controlled study.$$$ background: there is considerable interest in dairy products from low-input systems, such as mountain-pasture grazing cows, because these products are believed to be healthier than products from high-input conventional systems. this may be due to a higher content of bioactive components, such as phytanic acid, a ppar-agonist derived from chlorophyll. however, the effects of such products on human health have been poorly investigated., objective: to compare the effect of milk-fat from mountain-pasture grazing cows (g) and conventionally fed cows (c) on risk markers of the metabolic syndrome., design: in a double-blind, randomized, 12-week, parallel intervention study, 38 healthy subjects replaced part of their habitual dietary fat intake with 39 g fat from test butter made from milk from mountain-pasture grazing cows or from cows fed conventional winter fodder. glucose-tolerance and circulating risk markers were analysed before and after the intervention., results: no differences in blood lipids, lipoproteins, hscrp, insulin, glucose or glucose-tolerance were observed. interestingly, strong correlations between phytanic acid at baseline and total (p<0.0001) and ldl cholesterol (p=0.0001) were observed., conclusions: lack of effects on blood lipids and inflammation indicates that dairy products from mountain-pasture grazing cows are not healthier than products from high-input conventional systems. considering the strong correlation between ldl cholesterol and phytanic acid at baseline, it may be suggested that phytanic acid increases total and ldl cholesterol., trial registration: clinicaltrials.gov, nct01343589.
impact of buttermilk consumption on plasma lipids and surrogate markers of cholesterol homeostasis in men and women.$$$ background and aims: sphingolipids (sl) are important components of the milk fat globule membrane (mfgm) found in buttermilk. while studies in animal models suggest that dietary sl may have cholesterol-lowering properties, data in human are lacking. the aim of this study was to investigate the impact of buttermilk consumption on plasma lipids and surrogate markers of cholesterol (c) homeostasis in humans., methods and results: men and women (n = 34) with serum ldl-c <5.0 mmol/l at screening (mean ldl-c = 3.8 mmol/l) were recruited in this double-blinded randomized crossover placebo controlled study. their diets were supplemented with 45 g/d of buttermilk and with 45 g/d of a macro/micronutrient matched placebo (4 weeks each in random order). serum lipid concentrations and surrogate markers of cholesterol homeostasis were measured post diet and compared using mixed models for repeated measures. consumption of buttermilk led to reduction in serum cholesterol (-3.1%, p = 0.019), ldl-c (-3.1%, p = 0.057) and triacylglycerol (-10.7%, p = 0.007). buttermilk consumption increased plasma lathosterol concentrations (+12.1%, p = 0.001), but multiple regression analysis indicated that variations in beta-sitosterol concentrations (p = 0.002) were the only significant predictor of the ldl-c response to buttermilk consumption., conclusion: buttermilk consumption may be associated with reduced cholesterol concentrations in men and women, primarily through inhibition of intestinal absorption of cholesterol., registration number: this trial is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as nct01248026. copyright © 2013 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
effects of low-fat or full-fat fermented and non-fermented dairy foods on selected cardiovascular biomarkers in overweight adults.$$$ the association between consumption of full-fat dairy foods and cvd may depend partly on the nature of products and may not apply to low-fat dairy foods. increased circulating levels of inflammatory biomarkers after consumption of dairy product-rich meals suggest an association with cvd. in the present study, we tested the effects of low-fat and full-fat dairy diets on biomarkers associated with inflammation, oxidative stress or atherogenesis and on plasma lipid classes. within full-fat dairy diets, we also compared fermented v. non-fermented products. in a randomised cross-over study, twelve overweight/obese subjects consumed during two 3-week periods two full-fat dairy diets containing either yogurt plus cheese (fermented) or butter, cream and ice cream (non-fermented) or a low-fat milk plus yogurt diet, with the latter being consumed between and at the end of the full-fat dairy dietary periods. the concentrations of six inflammatory and two atherogenic biomarkers known to be raised in cvd were measured as well as those of plasma f2-isoprostanes and lipid classes. the concentrations of six of the eight biomarkers tended to be higher on consumption of the low-fat dairy diet than on that of the fermented dairy diet and the concentrations of two plasmalogen lipid classes reported to be associated with increased oxidisability were also higher on consumption of the low-fat dairy diet than on that of the fermented dairy diet (p< 0.001), although plasma f2-isoprostane concentrations did not differ on consumption of any of the diets. on the other hand, the concentrations of plasma sphingomyelin and il-6 were significantly higher on consumption of the non-fermented dairy diet than on that of the low-fat dairy diet (p< 0.02). in conclusion, short-term diets containing low-fat dairy products did not lead to a more favourable biomarker profile associated with cvd risk compared with the full-fat dairy products, suggesting that full-fat fermented dairy products may be the more favourable.
consumption of low-fat dairy foods for 6 months improves insulin resistance without adversely affecting lipids or bodyweight in healthy adults: a randomized free-living cross-over study.$$$ background: given the highly debated role of dairy food consumption in modulating biomarkers of metabolic syndrome, this study was conducted to examine the influence of long-term (6 month) dairy consumption on metabolic parameters in healthy volunteers under free-living conditions without energy restriction., methods: twenty-three healthy subjects completed a randomized, crossover trial of 12 months. participants consumed their habitual diets and were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups: a high dairy supplemented group instructed to consume 4 servings of dairy per day (hd).
impact of dairy products on biomarkers of inflammation: a systematic review of randomized controlled nutritional intervention studies in overweight and obese adults.$$$ background: recent data from cross-sectional studies suggest that consumption of dairy products is inversely associated with low-grade systemic inflammation, but a cause-and-effect relation can be confirmed only with results from randomized controlled trials., objective: we reviewed the results of randomized controlled nutritional intervention studies that have assessed the impact of dairy product consumption (ie, milk, yogurt, and/or cheese) on biomarkers of inflammation in adults (aged >=18 y)., design: we performed a systematic literature search in pubmed in april 2012, which was limited to randomized controlled trials in humans published in english. studies that included pregnant or lactating women or that did not include a low-dairy control intervention were excluded., results: eight trials that were conducted in overweight or obese adults were included in the review. the only study that had identified change in the inflammatory profile as its primary outcome measure showed that dairy food consumption improved pro- and antiinflammatory biomarker concentrations compared with the low-dairy control diet. three of the 7 studies in which inflammation was a secondary or undefined outcome showed improvement in key inflammatory biomarkers, ie, c-reactive protein, il-6, or tnf-alpha after dairy product consumption, whereas the other 4 studies showed no effect., conclusions: dairy product consumption does not exert adverse effects on biomarkers of inflammation in overweight or obese adults. several methodologic factors and limitations among existing studies do not allow differentiation between a beneficial or neutral impact of dairy products on inflammation. further studies specifically designed to assess inflammation-related outcomes are warranted.
effect of a cheese rich in angiotensin-converting enzyme-inhibiting peptides (gamalost( r)) and a gouda-type cheese on blood pressure: results of a randomised trial.$$$ background: high blood pressure (bp) is the leading risk factor for global disease burden, contributing to 7% of global disability adjusted life years. angiotensin converting enzyme (ace)-inhibiting bioactive peptides have the potential to reduce bp in humans. these peptides have been identified in many dairy products and have been associated with significant reductions in bp., objective: the objective of this trial was to examine whether a cheese rich in ace-inhibiting peptides (gamalost( r)), or a standard gouda-type cheese could lower bp., design: a total of 153 healthy participants were randomised to one of three parallel arms: gamalost( r) (n=53, 50 g/day for 8 weeks), gouda-type cheese (n=50, 80 g/day for 8 weeks), and control (n=50). bp and anthropometric measurements were taken at the baseline and at the end, with an additional bp measurement midway. based on bp at baseline, participants were categorised as having optimal bp (<120/<80 mmhg), normal-high bp (120-139/80-89 mmhg), or being hypertensive (>140/>90 mmhg). questionnaires about lifestyle, health, and dietary habits were completed at baseline, midway and end., results: in total, 148 participants (mean age 43, 52% female) completed the intervention. there were no differences among the three groups in relevant baseline characteristics. bp was reduced in the entire study population, but the cheese groups did not differ from control. however, in a subgroup of participants with slightly elevated bp, bp at 4 weeks of intervention seemed to be borderline significantly more reduced in the gamalost( r) group compared with the control group (dunnett test: diastolic bp -3.5 mmhg, 95% confidence interval (ci) -7.3, 0.4, systolic bp: -4.3 mmhg, 95% ci -9.8, 1.1)., conclusion: an intention-to-treat analysis of the data showed no cheese effect upon bp compared to control, but gamalost( r) seemed to have a small, non-significant lowering effect on diastolic bp after 4 weeks in people with a normal-high bp.
an energy-reduced dietary pattern, including moderate protein and increased nonfat dairy intake combined with walking promotes beneficial body composition and metabolic changes in women with excess adiposity: a randomized comparative trial.$$$ moderate protein and nonfat dairy intake within an energy-reduced diet (erd) may contribute to health benefits achieved with body weight (bw) loss. the current study examined the effectiveness of a weight-loss/weight-loss maintenance intervention using an erd with moderate dietary protein (30% of kcals) and increased nonfat dairy intake (4-5 svg/d), including yogurt (int group) and daily walking compared to an erd with standard protein (16-17% of kcals) and standard nonfat dairy intake (3 svg/d) (com group) with daily walking. a randomized comparative trial with 104 healthy premenopausal women with overweight/obesity was conducted in a university setting. women were randomized to int group or com group. anthropometric measurements, as well as dietary intake, selected vital signs, resting energy expenditure, blood lipids, glucose, insulin, and selected adipose-derived hormones were measured at baseline, and weeks 2, 12, and 24. targets for dietary protein and nonfat dairy intake, while initially achieved, were not sustained in the int group. there were no significant effects of diet group on anthropometric measurements. women in the int group and com group, respectively, reduced bw (-4.9 +/- 3.2 and -4.3 +/- 3.3 kg, p < 0.001) and fat mass (-3.0 +/- 2.2 and -2.3 +/- 2.3 kg, p < 0.001) during the 12-week weight-loss phase and maintained these losses at 24 weeks. both groups experienced significant decreases in body mass index, fat-free soft tissue mass, body fat percentage, waist and hip circumferences and serum triglycerides, total cholesterol, and leptin (all p < 0.001). healthy premenopausal women with excess adiposity effectively lost bw and fat mass and improved some metabolic risk factors following an erd with approximately 20% protein and 3 svg/d of nonfat dairy intake.
effects of dairy intake on body weight and fat: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.$$$ background: some intervention studies have suggested that dairy products may influence body weight, but the results remain controversial., objective: we identified and quantified the effects of dairy consumption on body weight and fat mass from randomized controlled trials (rcts)., design: we conducted a comprehensive search of pubmed and embase databases (to april 2012) of english reports of rcts regarding dairy consumption on body weight, body fat, or body weight and body fat in adults. the results across studies were pooled by using a random-effects meta-analysis., results: twenty-nine rcts were included with a total of 2101 participants. overall, consumption of dairy products did not result in a significant reduction in weight (-0.14 kg.
long-term dietary intervention trials: critical issues and challenges.$$$ background: there are many challenges involved in running randomised controlled dietary intervention trials that investigate health outcomes. the aim of this paper was to evaluate the recruitment process, retention of participants and challenges faced in our dairy intervention trial, and to provide strategies to combat the difficulties of running long-term dietary intervention trials., methods: a 12-month, randomised, two-way crossover study was conducted in overweight adults with habitually low dairy food consumption to assess the effects of a high dairy intake (4 servings of reduced-fat dairy per day) compared with a low dairy intake (1 serving of reduced-fat dairy per day) on measures of cardiometabolic and cognitive health. on completion of the high dairy intake phase, each participant was interviewed about their experience in the trial and responses were used to evaluate the key issues for study participants., results: although the recruitment target was achieved, high rates of attrition (49.3%) and difficulties maintaining participant compliance (reported by 37.8% of participants) were major threats to the viability of the study. factors that contributed to the high attrition included inability to comply with the dietary requirements of the study protocol (27.0%), health problems or medication changes (24.3%) and time commitment (10.8%)., conclusion: attrition and adherence to study requirements present challenges to trials requiring longer-term dietary change. including a run-in period to further assess the motivation, commitment and availability of participants, maintaining regular contact with participants during control phases, minimising time commitment, providing flexibility with dietary requirements, facilitating positive experiences, and stringent monitoring of diet are some key recommendations for future dietary intervention trials., trial registration: australia and new zealand clinical trials registry (actrn 12608000538347).
effects of long-term intake of lactotripeptides on cardiovascular risk factors in hypertensive subjects.$$$ background/objectives: lactobacillus helveticus lbk-16h-fermented milk products containing tripeptides isoleucine-proline-proline and valine-proline-proline lower blood pressure in hypertensive subjects using office and home blood pressure registration. the present study was aimed to evaluate the effects of two doses of these lactotripeptides on 24-h ambulatory blood pressure and lipidomics profiles in mildly hypertensive subjects., subjects/methods: in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled parallel group study, 89 mildly hypertensive subjects ingested, after a 1-month run-in period, a fermented milk drink with 5 mg per day of lactotripeptides during 3 months, and a milk drink with 50 mg per day of lactotripeptides for the following 3 months, or a placebo milk drink without lactotripeptides. ambulatory blood pressure (24 h) was recorded at baseline and at the end of the intervention periods. lipidomics profiles were characterized before and after the 6-month intervention., results: after the second intervention period (50 mg per day of lactotripeptides), systolic and diastolic 24-h blood pressures decreased significantly in the peptide, but not in the placebo group. however, the treatment effects -2.6 mm hg (95% confidence interval (ci): -5.7 to 0.4) in systolic and -1.3 mm hg (95% ci: -3.4 to 0.8) in diastolic blood pressure did not reach statistic significance. ingestion of 5 mg per day of lactotripeptides for 3 months did not lower blood pressure. the peptide group was dominated by decrease in multiple phospholipids (pl)., conclusions: ingestion of fermented milk with daily dose of 50 mg of lactotripeptides appears to lower elevated blood pressure slightly from the baseline, but not significantly compared with the placebo group and to induce significant decreases in multiple pl.
fermented milk for hypertension.$$$ background: fermented milk has been suggested to have a blood pressure lowering effect through increased content of proteins and peptides produced during the bacterial fermentation. hypertension is one of the major risk factors for cardiovascular disease world wide and new blood pressure reducing lifestyle interventions, such as fermented milk, would be of great importance., objectives: to investigate whether fermented milk or similar products produced by lactobacilli fermentation of milk proteins has any blood pressure lowering effect in humans when compared to no treatment or placebo., search methods: the cochrane central register of controlled trials (central), english language databases, including medline (1966-2011), embase (1974-2011), cochrane complementary medicine trials register, allied and complementary medicine (amed) (1985-2011), food science and technology abstracts (1969-2011)., selection criteria: randomised controlled trials.
dairy consumption and cardiometabolic health: outcomes of a 12-month crossover trial.$$$ background: a growing body of research suggests that regular consumption of dairy foods may counteract obesity and other components of the metabolic syndrome. however, human intervention trials are lacking. we aimed to determine the cardiometabolic health effects of increasing the consumption of reduced fat dairy foods in adults with habitually low dairy intakes in the absence of energy restriction., methods: an intervention trial was undertaken in 61 overweight or obese adults who were randomly assigned to a high dairy diet (hd, 4 serves of reduced fat dairy/day) or a low dairy control diet (ld, <=1 serve/day) for 6 months then crossed over to the alternate diet for a further 6 months. a range of anthropometric and cardiometabolic parameters including body composition, metabolic rate, blood lipids, blood pressure and arterial compliance were assessed at the end of each diet phase., results: total energy intake was 1120 kj/day higher during the hd phase, resulting in slight weight gain during this period. however, there were no significant differences between hd and ld in absolute measures of waist circumference, body weight, fat mass or any other cardiometabolic parameter., conclusion: recommended intakes of reduced fat dairy products may be incorporated into the diet of overweight adults without adversely affecting markers of cardiometabolic health., trial registration: the trial was registered with the australia and new zealand clinical trials registry (actrn12608000538347) on 24th october, 2008.
increased consumption of dairy foods and protein during diet- and exercise-induced weight loss promotes fat mass loss and lean mass gain in overweight and obese premenopausal women.$$$ weight loss can have substantial health benefits for overweight or obese persons.
cheese intake in large amounts lowers ldl-cholesterol concentrations compared with butter intake of equal fat content.$$$ background: despite its high content of saturated fatty acids, cheese does not seem to increase plasma total and ldl-cholesterol concentrations when compared with an equivalent intake of fat from butter. this effect may be due to the high calcium content of cheese, which results in a higher excretion of fecal fat., objectives: the objective was to compare the effects of diets of equal fat content rich in either hard cheese or butter or a habitual diet on blood pressure and fasting serum blood lipids, c-reactive protein, glucose, and insulin. we also examined whether fecal fat excretion differs with the consumption of cheese or butter., design: the study was a randomized dietary intervention consisting of two 6-wk crossover periods and a 14-d run-in period during which the subjects consumed their habitual diet. the study included 49 men and women who replaced part of their habitual dietary fat intake with 13% of energy from cheese or butter., results: after 6 wk, the cheese intervention resulted in lower serum total, ldl-, and hdl-cholesterol concentrations and higher glucose concentrations than did the butter intervention. cheese intake did not increase serum total or ldl-cholesterol concentrations compared with the run-in period, during which total fat and saturated fat intakes were lower. fecal fat excretion did not differ between the cheese and butter periods., conclusion: cheese lowers ldl cholesterol when compared with butter intake of equal fat content and does not increase ldl cholesterol compared with a habitual diet. this trial is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as nct01140165.
effect of functional yogurt ny-yp901 in improving the trait of metabolic syndrome.$$$ background/objectives: this study was aimed to assess the beneficial effects on metabolic syndrome of functional yogurt ny-yp901 (namyang dairy product co. ltd and nutra r&bt inc., seoul, korea) supplemented with mixture of streptococcus thermophilus, lactobacillus acidophilus, bifidobacterium infantis and extra-ingredients containing bifidobacterium breve (cbg-c2), enterococcus faecalis fk-23, fibersol-2 and so on., subjects/methods: this study was designed as an 8-week randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel study. treatment and control groups consumed a functional yogurt ny-yp901 (150 ml) and a placebo yogurt twice a day, respectively, for 8 weeks. body weight and body mass index (bmi), blood pressure, lipid profiles, fasting glucose with hba1c and waist circumference were measured before and after treatment. inclusion criteria were healthy individuals between the ages 20-65 years old who submitted an informed consent., results: during the period august 2009 to december 2009, 101 healthy participants (31 males and 70 females) finished the study. treatment group were 53 individuals, and the control group were 48 individuals. in the treatment group consuming ny-yp901, statistically significant beneficial changes were observed in body weight (treatment group vs control group=-0.24+/-1.50 vs +0.64+/-1.39 kg, p<0.05), bmi (-0.10+/-0.58 vs +0.24+/-0.50 kg/m(2), p<0.05 ) and low-density lipoprotein (ldl)-cholesterol (-7.71+/-14.14 vs -0.43+/-15.32 mg/dl, p<0.05) after 8 weeks. the change in other parameters was not different between the treatment and the control groups., conclusions: the functional yogurt ny-yp901 reduced ldl-cholesterol, body weight and bmi in the subjects at a 300-ml consumption daily for 8 weeks. from these findings, regular intake of functional yogurt ny-yp901 may be consequently related to improve metabolic syndrome.
milk supplementation facilitates appetite control in obese women during weight loss: a randomised, single-blind, placebo-controlled trial.$$$ dairy products provide ca and protein which may facilitate appetite control. conversely, weight loss is known to increase the motivation to eat. this randomised controlled trial verified the influence of milk supplementation on appetite markers during weight loss. low ca consumer women participated in a 6-month energy-restricted programme (-2508 kj/d or -600 kcal/d) and received either a milk supplementation (1000 mg ca/d) or an isoenergetic placebo (n 13 and 12, respectively). fasting appetite sensations were assessed by visual analogue scales. anthropometric parameters and fasting plasma concentrations of glucose, insulin, leptin, ghrelin and cortisol were measured as well. both groups showed a significant weight loss (p < 0.0001). in the milk-supplemented group, a time x treatment interaction effect showed that weight loss with milk supplementation induced a smaller increase in desire to eat and hunger (p < 0.05). unlike the placebo group, the milk-supplemented group showed a lower than predicted decrease in fullness (-17.1 v. -8.8.
high-calcium milk prevents overweight and obesity among postmenopausal women.$$$ background: the sixth national nutrition survey 2003 revealed that the highest prevalence of overweight and obesity among filipino female adults (30.8%) was found in the age group from 40 to 59 years. obesity is associated with a number of chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and diabetes. low calcium intake has been identified as a potential contributing factor to overweight and obesity., objective: to assess the effect of a high-calcium,fortified, low-fat milk drink with added vitamin d versus a low-calcium placebo drink on anthropometric measurements of postmenopausal women., methods: women who were at least 5 years postmenopausal were invited to participate in the study. potential participants underwent three stages of screening: initial interview, dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, and blood testing for biochemical screening. anthropometric indices were measured at baseline and the end of the study. sixty women were qualified to participate in the study. the women were randomly assigned to two groups, one of which received 400 ml of the high-calcium milk daily for 16 weeks while the other received the placebo drink., results: no significant increases were observed in the anthropometric indices of the subjects receiving the high-calcium fortified milk at the end of the study. however, there were significant increases in the weight (p = .008), body mass index (p = .007), and waist (p = .018) and hip (p = .003) circumferences of the subjects receiving the placebo drink., conclusions: a change in dietary calcium intake may be a useful measure as part of an overall approach to prevent the occurrence of overweight and obesity among postmenopausal women.
effects of a sphingolipid-enriched dairy formulation on postprandial lipid concentrations.$$$ background: the digestion of sphingolipids (sl) is slow and is catalyzed by mucosal enzymes. dietary sl was shown to inhibit cholesterol absorption and to lower plasma cholesterol, triglycerides (tg) and hepatic fat accumulation in animal models., aim: a dairy formulation based on fractionation of buttermilk, which is enriched in milk polar lipids of which sl account for a large part is now available. in this study, we examined whether this formulation, when ingested with a standard breakfast, exerted a different influence on postprandial lipids than an equivalent control formulation lacking the polar milk lipids., methods: a total of 18 healthy male volunteers aged 22-65 years ingested a high-fat (40 g) standard breakfast together with a milk-like formulation containing 975 mg of milk sl (a) or the control formulation (b). postprandial levels of tg, total, low-density lipoprotein (ldl) and high-density lipoprotein (hdl) cholesterol, apolipoprotein ai (apoai), apob, glucose and insulin were measured 1 to 7 h after the meal., results: no difference was seen between experimental and control groups in postprandial levels of tg, insulin, apoa1 or apob. after 1 hour there was a trend of lower cholesterol concentrations in large tg-rich lipoproteins after formulation a., conclusion: the sl-rich buttermilk drink may affect cholesterol concentrations in tg-rich lipoproteins, but has no effect on postprandial tg after a breakfast with butter fat as the major lipid.
differential impact of milk fatty acid profiles on cardiovascular risk biomarkers in healthy men and women.$$$ background/objectives: the objective of this study was to evaluate the impact of three specific ruminant (r) milk fats resulting from modification of the cow's diet on cardiovascular risk factors in healthy volunteers. r-milk fats were characterized by increased content in total trans fatty acids (r-tfas) and parallel decrease in saturated fatty acids (sfas)., subjects/methods: a total of 111 healthy, normolipemic men and women have been recruited for a monocentric, randomized, double-blind and parallel intervention, 4-week controlled study. volunteers consumed three experimental products (butter, dessert cream and cookies) made with one of the three specific milk fats (55 g fat per day). during the first week (run-in period), the subjects consumed on a daily basis dairy products containing 72% sfa/2.85% r-tfa (called 'l0'). for the next 3 weeks of the study (intervention period), the first group continued to consume l0 products. the second group received dairy products containing 63.3% sfa/4.06% r-tfa (called 'l4'), and the third group received dairy products containing 56.6% sfa/12.16% r-tfa (called 'l9')., results: plasma concentrations of high-density lipoprotein (hdl)-cholesterol were not significantly altered by either diet (p=0.38). compared to l0 diet, l4 diet contributed to reduce low-density lipoprotein (ldl)-cholesterol (-0.14+/-0.38 mmol/l, p=0.04), total cholesterol (-0.13+/-0.50 mmol/l, p=0.04), ldl-cholesterol/hdl-cholesterol (-0.14+/-0.36, p=0.03) and total cholesterol/hdl-cholesterol (-0.18+/-0.44, p=0.02)., conclusions: different milk fat profiles can change cardiovascular plasma parameters in human healthy volunteers. a limited increase of the r-tfa/sfa ratio in dairy products is associated with an improvement in some cardiovascular risk factors. however, a further increase in r-tfa/sfa ratio has no additional benefit.
effects of whey protein isolate on body composition, lipids, insulin and glucose in overweight and obese individuals.$$$ the health benefits currently associated with increased dairy intake may be attributable to the whey component of dairy proteins. the present study evaluated the effects of whey protein supplementation on body composition, lipids, insulin and glucose in comparison to casein and glucose (control) supplementation in overweight/obese individuals for 12 weeks. the subjects were randomised to whey protein, casein or glucose supplementation for 12 weeks according to a parallel design. fasting blood samples and dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry measurements were taken. seventy men and women with a mean age of 48.4 (sem 0.86) years and a mean bmi of 31.3 (sem 0.8) kg/m2 completed the study. subjects supplemented with whey protein had no significant change in body composition or serum glucose at 12 weeks compared with the control or casein group. fasting tag levels were significantly lowered in the whey group compared with the control group at 6 weeks (p = 0.025) and 12 weeks (p = 0.035). there was a significant decrease in total cholesterol and ldl cholesterol at week 12 in the whey group compared with the casein (p = 0.026 and 0.045, respectively) and control groups (p < 0.001 and 0.003, respectively). fasting insulin levels and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance scores were also significantly decreased in the whey group compared with the control group (p = 0.049 and p = 0.034, respectively). the present study demonstrated that supplementation with whey proteins improves fasting lipids and insulin levels in overweight and obese individuals.
effect of fermented milk containing lactobacillus acidophilus and bifidobacterium longum on plasma lipids of women with normal or moderately elevated cholesterol.$$$ this study aimed to evaluate the effect of milk fermented with lactobacillus acidophilus 145 and bifidobacterium longum bb536 on plasma lipids in a sample of adult women. a double-blind, placebo controlled, cross-over study (two periods of four weeks each separated by a 1-week washout period) was performed in 34 women, aged between 18 and 65 years. group a consumed 125 g fermented milk three times a day for the first 4 weeks while group b consumed regular yoghurt under the same conditions. (groups a and b switched products for the second treatment period). women taking the test product with a baseline total cholesterol above 190 mg/dl showed a significant reduction in ldl cholesterol. hdl cholesterol was also reduced by the test product. we conclude that the fermented milk may help to reduce ldl levels in hypercholesterolemic adult women.
the effect of low-fat versus whole-fat dairy product intake on blood pressure and weight in young normotensive adults.$$$ background: epidemiologic and experimental studies suggest that higher intake of dairy products could be associated with lower risk of hypertension and obesity. differences in nutrient composition of distinct dairy products suggest that their effect on these outcomes might be heterogeneous. however, little experimental research has examined the potentially different effects of low- and whole-fat dairy products on blood pressure (bp) and weight change. the present study aimed to assess whether supplementing diets with low- or whole-fat dairy products would differentially affect bp levels and weight., methods: a randomised crossover trial in 45 normotensive volunteers (18-24 years old, 49% female) was conducted. participants alternatively received 3.5 servings/day of whole-fat or low-fat dairy products (milk and yogurt) in addition to their usual diet during two 8-week periods, with a 4-week washout period between both interventions. weight and bp were measured at the beginning and end of each intervention., results: whole-fat dairy supplementation significantly increased systolic bp [2.1 mmhg, 95% confidence interval (ci) = 0.1-4.0, p = 0.04] and weight (1.0 kg, 95% ci = 0.5-1.5, p = 0.0002), but not diastolic bp (p = 0.34). weight and bp did not change significantly after the low-fat dairy intervention (p > 0.10). there were no significant differences in the effect of low-fat or whole-fat dairy products on bp (p > 0.60), but whole-fat dairy increased weight significantly compared to low-fat dairy (1.2 kg, 95% ci = 0.5-1.8, p = 0.0007)., conclusions: in a young nonhypertensive population, dietary supplementation with whole-fat dairy products, compared to low-fat dairy, was associated with weight gain. no differential effects were observed for levels of bp.
long-term effect of calcium-vitamin d(3) fortified milk on blood pressure and serum lipid concentrations in healthy older men.$$$ background/objectives: some epidemiological and clinical studies have shown that increased dairy consumption or calcium and/or vitamin d supplementation can have a beneficial effect on blood pressure, and lipid and lipoprotein concentrations. the aim of this study was to assess the long-term effects of calcium-vitamin d(3) fortified milk on blood pressure and lipid-lipoprotein concentrations in community-dwelling older men., subjects/methods: this is a substudy of a 2-year randomized controlled trial in which 167 men aged >50 years were assigned to receive either 400 ml per day of reduced fat (approximately 1%) milk fortified with approximately 1000 mg of calcium and 800 iu of vitamin d(3) or to a control group receiving no additional fortified milk. weight, blood pressure, lipid and lipoprotein concentrations were measured every 6 months. participants on lipid-lowering (n=32) or antihypertensive medication (n=39) were included, but those who commenced, increased or decreased their medication throughout the intervention were excluded (n=27)., results: in the 140 men included in this study (milk, n=73.
lactotripeptides do not lower ambulatory blood pressure in untreated whites: results from 2 controlled multicenter crossover studies.$$$ background: dietary factors directly influence blood pressure (bp). the lactotripeptides (ltps) ipp (isoleucine-proline-proline) and vpp (valine-proline-proline), formed by hydrolyzing dairy proteins, and potassium, a mineral mainly found in fruit, vegetables, and dairy products, are extensively studied for their bp-lowering effect. the efficacy of ltps seems modest in whites compared with that in asians., objective: the objective was to study the effects of enzymatically produced ltps alone or in combination with potassium on ambulatory bp in whites., design: two multicenter, placebo-controlled, randomized, crossover studies were conducted.
the effect of meal replacements high in glycomacropeptide on weight loss and markers of cardiovascular disease risk.$$$ background: glycomacropeptide (gmp) is a peptide that has been shown to stimulate release of cholecystokinin, which may promote satiety., objective: the aim of this one-year study was to examine whether greater weight loss could be achieved and sustained with a gmp-enriched whey powder supplement compared with a skim milk powder supplement., design: in a double-blind, randomized, parallel-design study using meal replacements, weight, body composition (determined by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry), blood pressure, fasting lipids, glucose, and insulin were measured at baseline, 6, and 12 mo. meal replacements contained 15 g protein from gmp-enriched whey protein isolate (gmp-wpi) or skim milk powder (smp) and 900 kj/sachet. volunteers consumed 2 sachets/d instead of 2 meals for 6 mo and 1 sachet/d for a further 6 mo. of the 127 participants (95 women, 32 men, 95.5 +/- 15.4 kg, body mass index 33.4 +/- 3.4 kg/m(2), 50.0 +/- 12.4 y), 82 completed the 6-mo study and 72 of those completed the 12-mo study., results: at 6 mo, weight loss was 9.5 +/- 5.8 kg compared with 11.0 +/- 6.0, gmp-wpi and smp, respectively, and 9.9 +/- 8.8 kg compared with 10.8 +/- 7.4 gmp-wpi and smp, respectively, at 12 mo (p < 0.001 compared with baseline, at both timepoints) with no differences between treatments. total and ldl cholesterol, triacylglycerols, glucose, insulin, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure decreased at 6 and 12 mo (all p < 0.01 compared with baseline with no difference between treatments). hdl cholesterol increased at 12 mo (p < 0.001 compared with baseline)., conclusions: meal replacements containing gmp had no additional effect on the overall sustained 12-mo weight loss of 10 kg. there were improvements in cardiovascular disease risk markers.
a diet rich in conjugated linoleic acid and butter increases lipid peroxidation but does not affect atherosclerotic, inflammatory, or diabetic risk markers in healthy young men.$$$ intake of conjugated linoleic acid (cla) has been demonstrated to beneficially affect risk markers of atherosclerosis and diabetes in rats. cla is naturally found in milk fat, especially from cows fed a diet high in oleic acid, and increased cla intake can occur concomitantly with increased milk fat intake. our objective was to investigate the effect of cla as part of a diet rich in butter as a source of milk fat on risk markers of atherosclerosis, inflammation, diabetes type ii, and lipid peroxidation. a total of 38 healthy young men were given a diet with 115 g/d of cla-rich fat (5.5 g/d cla oil, a mixture of 39.4% cis9, trans11 and 38.5% trans10, cis12) or of control fat with a low content of cla in a 5-wk double-blind, randomized, parallel intervention study. we collected blood and urine before and after the intervention. the fatty acid composition of plasma triacylglycerol, cholesterol esters, and phospholipids reflected that of the intervention diets. the cla diet resulted in increased lipid peroxidation measured as an 83% higher 8-iso-prostaglandin f2alpha concentration compared with the control, p < 0.0001. we observed no other significant differences in the effect of the interventions diets. in conclusion, when given as part of a diet rich in butter, a mixture of cla isomers increased lipid peroxidation but did not affect risk markers of cardiovascular disease, inflammation, or fasting insulin and glucose concentrations.
effect of dairy calcium or supplementary calcium intake on postprandial fat metabolism, appetite, and subsequent energy intake.$$$ background: high calcium intake has been shown to increase fecal fat excretion., objective: our aim was to examine whether a high calcium intake from dairy products or from supplements affects postprandial fat metabolism and appetite through fat malabsorption., design: four different isocaloric meals were tested in 18 subjects according to a randomized crossover design. the test meals contained high (hc meal: 172 mg/mj), medium (mc meal: 84 mg/mj), or low (lc meal: 15 mg/mj) amounts of calcium from dairy products or a high amount of calcium given as a calcium carbonate supplement (suppl meal: 183 mg/mj). concentrations of plasma total triacylglycerol, chylomicron triacylglycerol, serum total cholesterol, hdl cholesterol, cholecystokinin, glucagon-like peptide 1, ghrelin, peptide yy, glucose, and insulin and appetite sensation were measured before and at regular intervals until 420 min postprandially., results: dairy calcium significantly diminished the postprandial lipid response. the baseline adjusted area under the curve for chylomicron triacylglycerol was approximately 17% lower after the mc meal (p = 0.02) and approximately 19% lower after the hc meal (p = 0.007) than after the lc meal and approximately 15% lower after the mc meal (p = 0.0495) and approximately 17% lower after the hc meal (p = 0.02) than after the suppl meal. no consistent effects of calcium on appetite sensation, or on energy intake at the subsequent meal, or on the postprandial responses of cholecystokinin, glucagon-like peptide 1, ghrelin, peptide yy, insulin, or glucose were observed., conclusions: increased calcium intakes from dairy products attenuate postprandial lipidemia, most probably because of reduced fat absorption, whereas supplementary calcium carbonate does not exert such an effect. this may be due to differences in the chemical form of calcium or to cofactors in dairy products. calcium did not affect appetite sensation, glucose metabolism, or gut hormone secretion.
effect of 1-year dairy product intervention on fat mass in young women: 6-month follow-up.$$$ objective: previous results from this laboratory suggest that a 1-year dairy intake intervention in young women does not alter fat mass. the objective of this study was to determine the impact of the 1-year dairy intervention 6 months after completion of the intervention., research methods and procedures: previously, normal-weight young women (n = 154) were randomized to one of three calcium intake groups: control (<800 mg/d), medium dairy (1000 to 1100 mg/d), or high dairy (1300 to 1400 mg/d) for a 1-year trial (n = 135 completed). in the current study, 51 women were assessed 6 months after completion of the intervention trial. body compositions (body fat, lean mass) were measured using dxa. self-report questionnaires were utilized to measure activity and dietary intake (kilocalories, calcium)., results: the high-dairy group (n = 19) maintained an elevated calcium intake (1027 +/- 380 mg/d) at 18 months compared with the control group (n = 18, 818 +/- 292.
nutrition education in postmenopausal women: changes in dietary and cardiovascular indices.$$$ objective: the aim of the current study was to examine whether a diet rich in dairy products followed by a nutrition education program for the prevention of osteoporosis could have any adverse effect on certain cardiovascular disease (cvd) risk factors over a 5-month intervention period., methods: a total sample of 82 women (55-65 years old) was randomized to a dietary intervention group (ig: n=42), attending biweekly nutrition education program and provided with low-fat, fortified dairy products and to a control group (cg: n=40). changes in dietary, biochemical and clinical indices related to cvd were determined at the end of the 5-month intervention period., results: the ig was found to have a higher decrease in the percentage of energy intake derived from total fat and a higher increase in the intake of calcium, phosphorus, magnesium and potassium compared to the cg (p<0.05). furthermore, the ig subjects were found to have a lower increase in bmi (0.7+/-0.1 versus 1.4+/-0.2 kg/m(2), p=0.011) and systolic blood pressure (sbp) (2.5+/-2.9 versus 7.8+/-2.2 mmhg, p=0.040) and a higher decrease in serum total cholesterol (-5.2+/-3.3 versus 6.9+/-5.1 mg/dl, p=0.042) and ldl-cholesterol levels (-20.0+/-2.6 versus -12.4+/-4.2 mg/dl, p=0.034) compared to the cg., conclusions: the findings of the current study indicate that a dietary intervention aiming to minimize the risk for osteoporosis did not have any adverse effects on cvd risk factors. on the contrary, it has induced favourable changes in bmi, serum lipids and sbp.
lactobacillus helveticus fermented milk lowers blood pressure in hypertensive subjects in 24-h ambulatory blood pressure measurement.$$$ background: the present study was carried out to evaluate the blood pressure (bp)-lowering effect and the safety aspects of lactobacillus helveticus lbk-16h fermented milk with high tripeptide doses on hypertensive subjects using 24-h ambulatory measurements (abpm)., methods: in a randomized, double blinded placebo-controlled parallel group study, 94 hypertensive patients not receiving any drug treatment were given 150 ml twice daily of either l. helveticus lbk-16h fermented milk with a high concentration of tripeptides (ile-pro-pro 7.5 mg/100 g and val-pro-pro 10 mg/100 g) or a control product, for 10 weeks after a 4-week run-in period. twenty-four-hour abpm were taken at the beginning and at the end of the intervention period. the average baseline systolic and diastolic bp values were 132.6 +/- 9.9/83.0 +/- 8.0 mm hg in the l. helveticus group and 130.3 +/- 9.6 /80.2 +/- 7.0 mm hg in the control group., results: there was a mean difference of -4.1 +/- 0.9 mm hg in systolic (p = .001) and a -1.8 +/- 0.7 mm hg in diastolic bp (p = .048) between the l. helveticus group and the control group. there was no difference in the sum of the adverse events (p = .820)., conclusions: lactobacillus helveticus lbk-16h fermented milk containing bioactive peptides, in daily use, does have a bp-lowering effect in hypertensive subjects and is thus a potential for the dietary treatment of hypertension.
effect of energy-reduced diets high in dairy products and fiber on weight loss in obese adults.$$$ objective: studies suggest that high-dairy and high-fiber/low-glycemic index diets may facilitate weight loss, but data are conflicting. the effects on weight loss and body fat of a high-dairy diet and a diet high in dairy and fiber and low in glycemic index were compared with a standard diet., research methods and procedures: ninety obese subjects were recruited into a randomized trial of three diets designed to provide a calorie deficit of 500 calories/d over a 48-week period. the study compared a moderate (not low)-calcium diet with a high-calcium diet., results: seventy-two subjects completed the study. significant weight and fat loss occurred with all three diets. a diet with 1400 mg of calcium did not result in greater weight (11.8 +/- 6.1 kg) or fat (9.0 +/- 6.0 kg) loss than a diet with 800 mg of calcium (10.0 +/- 6.8 and 7.5 +/- 6.6 kg, respectively). a diet with 1400 mg of calcium, increased fiber content, and fewer high-glycemic index foods did not result in greater weight (10.6 +/- 6.8 kg) or fat (8.5 +/- 7.8 kg) loss than the standard diet with 800 mg of calcium. lipid profile, high-sensitivity c-reactive protein, leptin, fasting glucose, and insulin improved significantly, but there were no significant differences between the experimental diets and the control diet., discussion: we found no evidence that diets higher than 800 mg of calcium in dairy products or higher in fiber and lower in glycemic index enhance weight reduction beyond what is seen with calorie restriction alone.
effects of calcium and dairy on body composition and weight loss in african-american adults.$$$ objective: our objective was to determine the effects of dairy consumption on adiposity and body composition in obese african americans., research methods and procedures: we performed two randomized trials in obese african-american adults. in the first (weight maintenance), 34 subjects were maintained on a low calcium (500 mg/d)/low dairy (<1 serving/d) or high dairy (1200 mg ca/d diet including 3 servings of dairy) diet with no change in energy or macronutrient intake for 24 weeks. in the second trial (weight loss), 29 subjects were similarly randomized to the low or high dairy diets and placed on a caloric restriction regimen (-500 kcal/d)., results: in the first trial, body weight remained stable for both groups throughout the maintenance study. the high dairy diet resulted in decreases in total body fat (2.16 kg, p < 0.01), trunk fat (1.03 kg, p < 0.01), insulin (18.7 pm, p < 0.04), and blood pressure (6.8 mm hg systolic, p < 0.01.
dairy fat in cheese raises ldl cholesterol less than that in butter in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects.$$$ objective: to determine whether dairy fat in cheese raises low-density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol as much as in butter, since epidemiology suggests a different impact on cardiovascular disease., design: a randomised crossover trial testing the daily consumption of 40 g dairy fat as butter or as matured cheddar cheese, each of 4 weeks duration, was preceded by and separated by 2-week periods when dietary fat was less saturated., setting: free-living volunteers., subjects: a total of 14 men and five women of mean age 56+/-8 y, with mean total cholesterol of 5.6+/-0.8 mmol/l., main outcome measures: plasma cholesterol, ldl cholesterol (ldl-c), hdl cholesterol (hdl-c), triacylglycerol and glucose., results: saturated fat intake was significantly lower during the run-in than during the cheese and butter periods. mean lipid values did not differ significantly between the cheese and run-in periods, but total cholesterol and ldl-c were significantly higher with butter: total cholesterol (mmol/l): butter 6.1+/-0.7.
dairy products do not lead to alterations in body weight or fat mass in young women in a 1-y intervention.$$$ background: previous results suggested that increased intake of dairy calcium is associated with reduced weight and fat mass., objective: the purpose of this study was to determine whether long-term increases in consumption of dairy calcium alter body weight and fat mass in young, healthy women., design: we used a randomized, 1-y intervention for dairy calcium. subjects were 155 young (aged 18-30 y), healthy, normal-weight women with intake of dietary calcium < 800 mg/d and energy intake </= 2200 kcal/d. women were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 groups: 1) control: continue established dietary intake.
effect of calcium and dairy foods in high protein, energy-restricted diets on weight loss and metabolic parameters in overweight adults.$$$ objective: to compare the effects two high-protein (hp) diets that differ in dietary calcium and protein source on weight loss, body composition, glucose and lipid metabolism, markers of liver function, fibrinolysis and endothelial function and blood pressure., design: randomized, parallel study (12 wk of energy restriction, 4 wk of energy balance) of high dairy protein/high-calcium (dp, 2400 mg ca/d) and high mixed protein/moderate calcium (mp, 500 mg ca/d) diets (5.5 mj/d, 34% protein, 41% carbohydrate, 24% fat)., subjects: in all, 50 healthy, overweight (age 25-64 y.
dairy augmentation of total and central fat loss in obese subjects.$$$ background and objective: we have previously demonstrated an antiobesity effect of dietary ca.
a comparison of the effects of cheese and butter on serum lipids, haemostatic variables and homocysteine.$$$ milk fat contains considerable amounts of saturated fatty acids, known to increase serum cholesterol. little is known, however, about the relative effect of different milk products on risk factors for chd. the aim of the present study was to compare the effects of jarlsberg cheese (a norwegian variety of swiss cheese) with butter on serum lipoproteins, haemostatic variables and homocysteine. a controlled dietary study was performed with twenty-two test individuals (nine men and thirteen women) aged 23-54 years. the subjects consumed three isoenergetic test diets, with equal amounts of fat and protein, and containing either cheese (ch diet), butter + calcium caseinate (bc diet) or butter + egg-white protein (be diet). the study was a randomised cross-over study and the subjects consumed each diet for 3 weeks, with 1 week when they consumed their habitual diet in between. fasting blood samples were drawn at baseline and at the end of each period. serum was analysed for lipids and plasma for haemostatic variables and homocysteine. total cholesterol was significantly lower after the ch diet than after the bc diet (-0.27 mmol/l.
blood pressure response to dietary modifications in free-living individuals.$$$ a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods has been shown to lower blood pressure (bp) when all foods are provided. we compared the effect on bp (measured at home) of 2 different self-selected diets: a low-sodium, high-potassium diet, rich in fruit and vegetables (lnahk) and a high-calcium diet rich in low-fat dairy foods (hc) with a moderate-sodium, high-potassium, high-calcium dash-type diet, high in fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy foods (od). subjects were randomly allocated to 2 test diets for 4 wk, the od and either lnahk or hc diet, each preceded by a 2 wk control diet (cd). the changes in bp between the preceding cd period and the test diet period (lnahk or hc) were compared with the change between the cd and the od periods. of the 56 men and 38 women that completed the od period, 43 completed the lnahk diet period and 48 the hc diet period. the mean age was 55.6 +/- 9.9 (+/-sd) years. there was a fall in systolic pressure between and the cd and od [-1.8 +/- 0.5 mm hg (p < 0.001)]. compared with od, systolic and diastolic bps fell during the lnahk diet period [-3.5 +/- 1.0 (p < 0.001) and -1.9 +/- 0.7 (p < 0.05) mmhg, respectively] and increased during the hc diet period [+3.1 +/- 0.9 (p < 0.01) and +0.8 +/- 0.6 (p = 0.15) mm hg, respectively]. a self-selected low-sodium, high-potassium diet resulted in a greater fall in bp than a multifaceted od, confirming the beneficial effect of dietary intervention on bp in a community setting.
comparison of the impact of saturated fat from full-fat yogurt or low-fat yogurt and butter on cardiometabolic factors: a randomized cross-over trial.$$$ purpose: dairy foods are often a major contributor to dietary saturated fatty acids (sfa) intake. however, different sfa-rich foods may not have the same effects on cardiovascular risk factors. we compared full-fat yogurt with low-fat yogurt and butter for their effects on cardiometabolic risk factors in healthy individuals., methods: randomized, two-period crossover trial conducted from october 2022 to april 2023 among 30 healthy men and women (15 to receive full-fat yogurt first, and 15 to receive low-fat yogurt and butter first). participants consumed a diet with 1.5-2 servings of full-fat (4%) yogurt or low-fat (< 1.5) yogurt and 10-15 g of butter per day for 4 weeks, with 4 weeks wash-out when they consumed 1.5-2 servings of low-fat milk. at baseline, and the end of each 4 weeks, fasting blood samples were drawn and plasma lipids, glycemic and inflammatory markers as well as expression of some genes in the blood buffy coats fraction were determined., results: all 30 participants completed the two periods of the study. apolipoprotein b was higher for the low-fat yogurt and butter [changes from baseline, + 10.06 (95%ci 4.64 to 15.47)] compared with the full-fat yogurt [-4.27 (95%ci, -11.78 to 3.23)] and the difference between two treatment periods was statistically significant (p = 0.004). non-high-density lipoprotein increased for the low-fat yogurt and butter [change, + 5.06 (95%ci (-1.56 to 11.69) compared with the full-fat yogurt [change, - 4.90 (95%ci, -11.61 to 1.81), with no significant difference between two periods (p = 0.056). there were no between-period differences in other plasma lipid, insulin, and inflammatory biomarkers or leukocyte gene expression of atp-binding cassette transporter 1 and cd36., conclusion: this study suggests that short-term intake of sfas from full-fat yogurt compared to intake from butter and low-fat yogurt has fewer adverse effects on plasma lipid profile., clinicaltrials: gov: nct05589350, 10/15/2022. copyright © 2024. the author(s), under exclusive licence to springer-verlag gmbh germany.
dairy intake modifies the level of the bile acid precursor and its correlation with serum proteins associated with cholesterol clearance in subjects with hyperinsulinemia.$$$ bile acids regulate glucose homeostasis and lipid metabolism. further, the levels of bile acids can be influenced by the intake of dairy products. although the serum proteome can provide information on the biological pathways associated with different metabolites, it is unknown whether the intake of dairy modifies such associations between bile acids and the proteome. the objectives of this study were to examine plasma bile acid profiles, find the correlations between bile acids and lipid as well as glycemic markers, and to uncover the correlation between bile acids and proteins after high dairy (hd) and adequate dairy (ad) intake among 25 overweight individuals with hyperinsulinemia. in this randomized crossover-trial study, hyperinsulinemia adults were randomized to both hd (>=4 servings/day) and ad (<=2 servings/day) for 6 weeks. measurements and analyses were performed on before- as well as after- ad and hd conditions. the results indicated that plasma 7alpha-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one (7ac4) increased after hd in comparison with before hd intake (p = 0.03). after adjusting for bmi, age, and sex, 7ac4 positively correlated with triglyceride levels in the pre-ad (r = 0.44.
effects of supplementation with milk protein on glycemic parameters: a grade-assessed systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis.$$$ background: it is suggested that supplementation with milk protein (mp) has the potential to ameliorate the glycemic profile.
alleviation of metabolic endotoxemia by milk fat globule membrane: rationale, design, and methods of a double-blind, randomized, controlled, crossover dietary intervention in adults with metabolic syndrome.$$$ background: milk fat globule membrane (mfgm) is a phospholipid-rich component of dairy fat that might explain the benefits of full-fat dairy products on cardiometabolic risk. preclinical studies support that mfgm decreases gut permeability, which could attenuate gut-derived endotoxin translocation and consequent inflammatory responses that impair cardiometabolic health., objectives: to describe the rationale, study design, and planned outcomes that will evaluate the efficacy of mfgm-enriched milk compared with a comparator beverage on health-promoting gut barrier functions in persons with metabolic syndrome (mets)., methods: we plan a double-blind, randomized, crossover trial in which people with mets will receive a rigorously controlled eucaloric diet for 2 wk that contains 3 daily servings of an mfgm-enriched bovine milk beverage or a comparator beverage that is formulated with nonfat dairy powder, coconut and palm oils, and soy phospholipids. compliance will be monitored by assessing urinary para-aminobenzoic acid that is added to all test beverages. after the intervention, participants will ingest a high-fat/high-carbohydrate meal challenge to assess metabolic excursions at 30-min intervals for 3 h. nondigestible sugar probes also will be ingested prior to collecting 24-h urine to assess region-specific gut permeability. intervention efficacy will be determined based on circulating endotoxin (primary outcome) and glycemia (secondary outcome). tertiary outcomes include: gut and systemic inflammatory responses, microbiota composition and scfas, gut permeability, and circulating insulin and incretins., expected results: mfgm is expected to decrease circulating endotoxin and glycemia without altering body mass. these improvements are anticipated to be accompanied by decreased gut permeability, decreased intestinal and circulating biomarkers of inflammation, increased circulating incretins, and beneficial antimicrobial and prebiotic effects in the gut microbiome., conclusions: demonstration of improvements in gut barrier functions that limit endotoxemia and glycemia could help to establish direct evidence that full-fat dairy lowers cardiometabolic risk, especially in people with mets. the clinical trial associated with this article has been registered at clinicaltrials.gov (nct03860584). copyright © the author(s) on behalf of the american society for nutrition 2020.
impact of a high intake of dairy product on insulin sensitivity in hyperinsulinemic adults: a crossover randomized controlled trial.$$$ background: dairy product intake has been associated with decreased risk of type 2 diabetes (t2d) in cohort studies. however, results from clinical trials on t2d-related risk factors remain inconclusive., objective: the aim of this clinical trial was to evaluate the impact of high dairy product intake (hd) (>=4 servings/d) for 6 wk, compared with an adequate dairy product intake (ad) (<=2 servings/d), on glycemic and insulinemic parameters, insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, and beta-cell function in hyperinsulinemic adults., methods: in this crossover clinical trial, hyperinsulinemic adults were randomly assigned to hd or ad for 6 wk, then crossed over after a 6-wk washout period. serum glucose, insulin, c-peptide, homa-ir, matsuda index, insulinogenic index, and disposition index were measured and analyzed using a repeated-measures mixed model adjusted for age, sex, and bmi. anthropometric measures were collected and food intake was evaluated using a validated ffq., results: nineteen men and 8 women completed the study (mean +/- sd age: 55 +/- 14 y.
effect of a high intake of cheese on cholesterol and metabolic syndrome: results of a randomized trial.$$$ background: cheese is generally rich in saturated fat, which is associated with increased risk for cardiovascular diseases. nevertheless, recent reports suggest that cheese may be antiatherogenic., objective: the goal of this study was to assess whether intake of two types of norwegian cheese, with widely varying fat and calcium content, might influence factors of the metabolic syndrome and serum cholesterol levels differently., design: a total of 153 participants were randomized to one of three groups: gamalost( r), a traditional fat- and salt-free norwegian cheese (50 g/day), gouda-type cheese with 27% fat (80 g/day), and a control group with a limited cheese intake. blood samples, anthropometric measurements, blood pressure, and questionnaires about lifestyle and diet were obtained at inclusion and end., results: at baseline, there were no differences between the groups in relevant baseline characteristics, mean age 43, 52.3% female. after 8 weeks' intervention, there were no changes in any of the metabolic syndrome factors between the intervention groups compared with the control group. there were no increases in total- or ldl cholesterol in the cheese groups compared with the control. stratified analysis showed that those in the gouda group with metabolic syndrome at baseline had significant reductions in total cholesterol at the end of the trial compared with control (-0.70 mmol/l, p=0.013), and a significantly higher reduction in mean triglycerides. in the gamalost group, those who had high total cholesterol at baseline had a significant reduction in total cholesterol compared with control (-0.40 mmol/l, p=0.035)., conclusions: in conclusion, cholesterol levels did not increase after high intake of 27% fat gouda-type cheese over 8 weeks' intervention, and stratified analysis showed that participants with metabolic syndrome had reduced cholesterol at the end of the trial.
postprandial lipemic response in dairy-avoiding females following an equal volume of sheep milk relative to cow milk: a randomized controlled trial.$$$ background: sheep milk (sm) is an alternate dairy source, which despite many similarities, has both compositional and structural differences in lipids compared to cow milk (cm). studies are yet to examine the apparent digestibility of sm lipids, relative to cm, and the potential impact on the plasma lipidome., objective: to determine the response of the circulatory lipidome to equal volume servings of sm and cm, in females who avoid dairy products., method: in a double-blinded, randomized, cross-over trial, self-described dairy avoiding females (n = 30.
determination of factors associated with serum cholesterol response to dairy fat consumption in overweight adults: secondary analysis from an rct.$$$ elevated intakes of saturated fatty acids (sfa) can adversely affect serum cholesterol levels. dairy fat contains ~60% sfa, prompting healthy eating guidelines to recommend low-fat dairy. physiological, and environmental factors influence inter-individual variance in response to food consumption. evidence exploring the dairy matrix has differing effects of dairy fat consumption on serum cholesterol levels when consumed in the form of cheese. the extent of this variability and determinants of response to dairy fat are currently unknown. the objective of this study was to determine factors associated with lipid metabolism response to a dairy fat intervention, with a focus on serum cholesterol. a 6-week randomized parallel intervention trial was carried out in healthy volunteers (>=50 years, bmi >=25 kg/m2). participants (n = 104) consumed ~40 g dairy fat daily in addition to their usual diet, in 1 of 3 forms: butter, cheese, or reduced-fat cheese and butter. for this analysis, "response" was based on the percentage (%) change in serum total cholesterol (tc), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl-c), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (hdl-c) from pre- to post-intervention. participants were divided into tertiles for each lipid response. the upper and lower tertiles were used to categorize participants as "responders" and "non-responders." for tc and ldl-c, response was classified as a decrease, whereas "response" was defined as an increase for hdl-c. clinical response was also considered, by calculating pre- and post-intervention prevalence of those meeting target levels of cholesterol recommendations. participants demonstrating the largest % decrease (tertile 1.
effects of kefir consumption on cardiometabolic risk factors: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.$$$ background: fermentation of lactose in milk by bacteria and yeasts naturally present in kefir grains produces a beverage that has been suggested to have cardiovascular benefits. this systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (rcts) aimed to evaluate the effects of this kefir beverage on cardiometabolic risk factors., methods: literature search utilised pubmed, scopus, isi web of science, and google scholar for articles published from inception until june 2021. cardiometabolic risk indices extracted included insulin and insulin resistance (homa_ir), total cholesterol (tc), triglyceride (tg), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (hdl-c), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl-c), fasting blood sugar (fbs), haemoglobin a1c (hba1c) and body weight (bw). in total, six rcts (314 subjects) were selected for the meta-analysis. inverse-variance weighted mean difference (wmd) with a 95% confidence interval (ci) was calculated for the mean changes in tc, tg, hdl-c, ldl-c, fbs, hba1c and bw compared to baseline. a random effects model was used to estimate the pooled wmd., results: kefir intake significantly reduced fasting insulin (wmd: -3.69 micro-iu/ml,95% ci: -6.30 to -1.07, p = 0.006, i2 = 0.0%) and homa-ir (wmd: -2.56, 95% ci: -3.82 to -1.30, p<0.001, i2 = 19.4%). no effect on tc (p = 0.088), tg (p = 0.824), hdl-c (p = 0.491), ldl-c (p = 0.910), fbs (p = 0.267), hba1c (p = 0.339) or body weight (p = 0.439) were found for kefir treatment., conclusion: kefir has a beneficial effect in decreasing insulin resistance.
consumption of dairy foods and cardiovascular disease: a systematic review.$$$ limited consumption of dairy foods and use of low-fat products is recommended for cardiovascular (cv) prevention.
weight loss, but not dairy composition of diet, moderately affects satiety and postprandial gut hormone patterns in adults.$$$ background: inclusion of dairy in diet patterns has been shown to have mixed effects on weight loss. a prevailing hypothesis is that dairy improves weight loss by influencing endocrine systems associated with satiety and food intake regulation., objectives: the objective of the current study was to evaluate the effect of weight loss with or without adequate dietary dairy on subjective and objective appetitive measures., methods: men and women who were habitual low dairy consumers (n = 65, 20-50 y) participated in a 12-wk randomized controlled feeding weight loss trial. during the 12-wk intervention, a low-dairy (<1 serving dairy/d) was compared with an adequate-dairy (3-4 servings dairy/d) diet, both with a 500-kcal deficit/d. test days, before and at the end of the intervention, began with 2 fasting blood draws and visual analog scale (vas) measures, followed by a standard breakfast (25% of prescribed restricted calories), 5 postbreakfast blood draws and vass, a standard lunch (40% of restricted energy amount), and 12 postlunch blood draws and vass. blood samples were used for satiety hormone measurements. on a separate day when matching standard meals were consumed, an ad libitum buffet meal was provided as dinner, at a self-selected time. meal duration and intermeal interval were recorded., results: weight loss (-6.1 kg), irrespective of dairy, resulted in reduced fasting insulin (-20%) and leptin (-25%), and increased fasting acylated ghrelin (+25%) and vas desire to eat (+18%) (p < 0.05). there were no effects of dairy on objective or subjective satiety measures. weight loss marginally reduced the intermeal interval (289 min compared with 276 min, p = 0.059) between lunch and the ad libitum buffet., conclusions: these results do not support the hypothesis that inclusion of dairy in long-term dietary patterns influences appetite during weight loss. weight loss per se has a modest impact on select systems that regulate hunger and satiety. this trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as nct00858312. copyright published by oxford university press on behalf of the american society for nutrition 2020.
effects of whey protein and dietary fiber intake on insulin sensitivity, body composition, energy expenditure, blood pressure, and appetite in subjects with abdominal obesity.$$$ background: recently, we demonstrated that whey protein (wp) combined with low dietary fiber improved lipemia, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease in subjects with abdominal obesity. in the present study, we investigated the effects of intake of wp and dietary fiber from enzyme-treated wheat bran on other metabolic parameters of the metabolic syndrome., methods: the study was a 12-week, double-blind, randomized, controlled, parallel intervention study. we randomized 73 subjects with abdominal obesity to 1 of 4 iso-energetic dietary interventions: 60 g per day of either wp hydrolysate or maltodextrin (md) combined with high-fiber (hifi.
effects of a multi-modal resistance exercise program and calcium-vitamin d3 fortified milk on blood pressure and blood lipids in middle-aged and older men: secondary analysis of an 18-month factorial design randomised controlled trial.$$$ purpose: physical activity and dietary interventions are recommended as front-line therapy for prevention and management of cardiovascular disease. this study investigated the independent and combined effects of low-fat, calcium-vitamin d3 fortified milk and multi-modal exercise training on blood pressure (bp) and blood lipids in middle-aged and older men., methods: this was a pre-planned secondary analysis of an 18-month, randomised controlled trial. community-dwelling men aged 50-79 years (n = 180) were randomised into (i) exercise + fortified milk.
effect of dairy intake with or without energy restriction on body composition of adults: overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials.$$$ context: some studies suggest that consumption of dairy products can aid in weight loss, while others suggest a negative effect or no effect., objective: an overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses was conducted to examine the effect of dairy product consumption on changes in body composition., data sources: prisma guidelines were followed to ensure transparent reporting of evidence. the medline, embase, cochrane central database of systematic reviews, and web of science databases were searched from inception to april 2018., study selection: six systematic reviews and 47 associated meta-analyses (which included the results of 58 different randomized controlled trials) published in english or spanish and reporting data on dairy intake and changes in weight, fat mass, lean mass, or waist circumference were included., data extraction: two authors independently extracted the data and assessed the risk of bias using the amstar2 tool., results: dairy consumption interventions without dietary energy restriction had no significant effects on weight, fat mass, lean mass, or waist circumference. interventions in energy-restricted settings had significant effects on fat mass and body weight., conclusions: increasing total dairy intake without energy restriction in adults does not affect body composition. in the context of an energy-restricted diet, however, increased dairy intake results in lower fat mass and body weight but has no conclusive effects on waist circumference or lean mass., systematic review registration: prospero registration number crd42018094672. copyright © the author(s) 2020. published by oxford university press on behalf of the international life sciences institute. all rights reserved. for permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
reformulation initiative for partial replacement of saturated with unsaturated fats in dairy foods attenuates the increase in ldl cholesterol and improves flow-mediated dilatation compared with conventional dairy: the randomized, controlled replacement of saturated fat in dairy on total cholesterol (reset) study.$$$ background: modifying dairy fat composition by increasing the mufa content is a potential strategy to reduce dietary sfa intake for cardiovascular disease (cvd) prevention in the population., objectives: to determine the effects of consuming sfa-reduced, mufa-enriched (modified) dairy products, compared with conventional dairy products (control), on the fasting cholesterol profile (primary outcome), endothelial function assessed by flow-mediated dilatation (fmd.
the effect of high compared with low dairy consumption on glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity, and metabolic flexibility in overweight adults: a randomized crossover trial.$$$ background: dairy products contain many nutritious components that may benefit metabolic health. there are indications that glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity, which are generally disturbed in overweight and obese individuals, may improve by increased dairy intake. this may also affect one's metabolic flexibility., objective: the aim of this study was to investigate the effects of high compared with low dairy intake on glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity, and metabolic flexibility in overweight adults (aged 45-65 y)., methods: in this randomized intervention study, subjects consumed a high- and a low-dairy diet [hdd (5-6 dairy portions) and ldd (<=1 dairy portion), respectively] for 6 wk in a crossover design, with a washout period of 4 wk. dairy portions were 200 g semi-skimmed yoghurt, 30 g reduced-fat (30+) cheese, and 250 ml semiskimmed milk and buttermilk. after 6 wk, a 75-g oral-glucose-tolerance test (13c-labeled) and a subsequent fasting challenge were performed. metabolic flexibility was studied by determining the respiratory quotient (rq) using indirect calorimetry. fasting and postprandial plasma concentrations of glucose and insulin were analyzed. the dual isotope technique enabled calculation of glucose kinetics., results: the study was completed by 45 overweight men and postmenopausal women [age 58.9 +/- 4.3 y, bmi 27.9 +/- 1.9 kg/m2 (mean +/- sd)]. fasting rq and deltarq, reflecting metabolic flexibility, did not differ after both diets. fasting glucose concentrations were similar, whereas fasting insulin concentrations were lower after the ldd (ldd: 8.1 +/- 2.8 mu/l.
effect of dairy and nondairy snacks on postprandial blood glucose regulation in 9-14-year-old children.$$$ in adults, dairy consumption improves short-term blood glucose regulation. it is unknown if these short-term benefits extend to children of different weight statuses. the objective of this study was to investigate the effect of a dairy and nondairy snack in both normal-weight (nw) and overweight/obese (ow/ob) children on blood glucose regulation and food intake (fi). in a repeated-measures crossover design, 11 nw and 7 ow/ob children (age: 9-14 years), consumed, in random order, a dairy (greek yogurt, 198.9 g, 171 kcal, 0 g fat, 17 g protein) or nondairy (mini sandwich-type cookies, 37.5 g, 175 kcal, 7.5 g fat, 1.3 g protein) snack containing 25 g of available carbohydrates. ad libitum fi was measured 120 min after snack consumption. blood glucose, insulin, c-peptide, and glucagon-like peptide-1 (glp-1) were measured at 0 min (before the snack), and at 30, 60, 90, and 120 min after snack consumption. insulin secretion was calculated from deconvolution of c-peptide. hepatic insulin extraction was calculated as c-peptide divided by insulin. fi did not differ between snacks (p = 0.55). mean blood glucose was lower (p < 0.001) and insulin higher (p < 0.0001) in the 120 min after consuming the dairy snack. c-peptide concentrations (p = 0.75) and insulin secretion (p = 0.37) were not different between snacks. the increase in insulin was explained by reduced hepatic insulin extraction (p < 0.01). consumption of the dairy snack also increased mean glp-1 concentrations (p < 0.001). in conclusion, consumption of a dairy snack by nw and ow/ob children results in reduced postprandial blood glucose concentrations and elevated circulating insulin compared with a nondairy snack possibly because of delayed hepatic insulin extraction.
increased dairy product intake modifies plasma glucose concentrations and glycated hemoglobin: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.$$$ dairy product intake is inversely associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes (t2d) in numerous cohort studies.
dairy milk proteins attenuate hyperglycemia-induced impairments in vascular endothelial function in adults with prediabetes by limiting increases in glycemia and oxidative stress that reduce nitric oxide bioavailability.$$$ postprandial hyperglycemia (pph) transiently impairs vascular endothelial function (vef) in an oxidative stress-dependent manner by decreasing nitric oxide (no*) bioavailability. dairy milk and its proteins attenuate pph, but whether this improves vef is unknown. we hypothesized that dairy milk, mediated by its whey and/or casein proteins, improves vef by attenuating pph-induced oxidative stress that otherwise decreases no* bioavailability. a randomized, cross-over trial was conducted in adults with prediabetes (n=23) who ingested glucose (75 g, glu) alone or with 473 ml of non-fat dairy milk (milk) or isonitrogenous (16.5 g) amounts of whey (whey) or casein (casein) in 473 ml of water. prior to and at 30 min intervals for 180 min postprandially, we assessed brachial artery flow-mediated dilation (fmd) and measured biomarkers of glycemic control, oxidative stress, and no* homeostasis. fmdauc decreased to the greatest extent during glu, which was similarly improved in dairy trials. compared with glu, aucs for glucose, malondialdehyde, f2-isoprostanes, methylglyoxal, and endothelin-1 were similarly lower in dairy trials. plasma arginine and no* metabolites were greater but methylated arginine metabolites were lower in dairy trials compared with glu. postprandial insulin, lipids, and tetrahydrobiopterin redox status did not differ among trials. thus, dairy milk, mediated by its whey and casein proteins, attenuates pph-mediated impairments in vef by limiting oxidative stress. this improves no* bioavailability to the vascular endothelium by increasing arginine availability and limiting competitive inhibition on no* biosynthesis by asymmetric dimethylarginine. these findings support observational studies that dairy milk lowers cardiovascular disease risk. copyright © 2018 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
effects of ewe's milk yogurt (whole and semi-skimmed) and cow's milk yogurt on inflammation markers and gut microbiota of subjects with borderline-high plasma cholesterol levels: a crossover study.$$$ purpose: ewe's milk yogurt is richer in proteins, minerals and short- and medium-chain fatty acids compared to cow's milk yogurt. we aimed to evaluate the effects of cow's milk yogurt (cw, 3.0% fat), semi-skimmed (es, 2.8% fat) and whole ewe's milk yogurts (ew, 5.8% fat) on inflammatory markers and gut microbiota in subjects with borderline-high plasma cholesterol., methodology: 30 adults (16 women) were randomized into a crossover study to consume 250 g/yogurt/day during three 5-week periods (4-week washouts). plasma insulin, leptin, adhesion molecules, cytokines and gut microbiota composition (qpcr) were analysed. rates of change were used to assess treatment effects both in the whole group and in subgroups of subjects with different cholesterol/hdl-c ratio (cho-i group a: the top 6 women and 4 men values.
the effects of dairy intake on insulin resistance: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.$$$ the incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (dm) has increased in the us over the last several years. the consumption of low-fat dairy foods has been linked with decreasing the risk of dm but studies have yet to show a clear correlation. we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials (rcts) evaluating the effects of dairy intake on homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (homa-ir), waist circumference, and body weight. in medline and embase, we identified and reviewed 49 relevant rcts: 30 had appropriate data format for inclusion in the meta-analysis. using the review manager 5 software, we calculated the pooled standardized mean differences comparing dairy dietary interventions to control for our outcomes of interest. for homa-ir (794 individuals), we found a mean difference of -1.21 (95% ci -1.74 to -0.67.
randomized, double blind placebo-controlled pilot study of the antihypertensive effects of grana padano d.o.p. cheese consumption in mild - moderate hypertensive subjects.$$$ objective: grana padano, an italian protected designation of origin (pdo) semi-fat cheese, undergoes a long ripening period during which the proteolysis carried out by natural starter lactic acid bacteria releases peptides having sustained angiotensin-converting enzyme (ace)-inhibitory activity. the length (generally 3-8 amino acid residues) and the sequence of these peptides are responsible for their ability to elicit ace-inhibitory activity. the aim of this study has been the evaluation of the effect of a daily dietary supplement consisting in a small amount (30 g/day) of grana padano cheese, in terms of the lowering of the blood pressure (bp) of mild-moderate hypertensive subjects., patients and methods: thirty mild-moderate hypertensive patients, with bp values not on target (> 140 and/or > 90 mmhg) after at least 3 months of stable treatment were considered in this randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled cross-over study. all patients randomly received a dietary integration (30 g/day) of grana padano cheese or a placebo (made from flavored grated bread mixed with fats and salts in concentrations equal to those of the cheese). bp was evaluated at baseline and at the end of the active and placebo treatments (2 months each) by: - office bp (obp).
a mediterranean diet supplemented with dairy foods improves markers of cardiovascular risk: results from the meddairy randomized controlled trial.$$$ background: the mediterranean diet (meddiet) offers benefits to cardiovascular health but may not meet western recommendations for calcium and dairy intake, which could impede long-term adoption., objective: the current study aimed to determine the effect of a meddiet supplemented with dairy foods on cardiovascular risk factors., design: a randomized, controlled, crossover design compared a meddiet with 3-4 daily servings of dairy (meddairy) and a low-fat (lf) control diet. forty-one participants aged >=45 y and at risk of cardiovascular disease (cvd) were randomly allocated to their first intervention, either the meddairy or lf diet. participants followed each intervention for 8 wk, and an 8-wk washout period separated interventions. the primary outcome was home-measured systolic blood pressure (sbp) assessed in the morning, afternoon, and evening. secondary outcomes included clinic-measured blood pressure (morning), body composition, blood lipids, c-reactive protein (crp), plasma glucose, serum insulin, and the framingham risk score., results: compared with the lf intervention, the meddairy intervention resulted in a significantly lower morning sbp (mean difference: -1.6 mm hg.
short communication: daily intake of 125 g of cheese for 2 weeks did not alter amount or distribution of serum lipids or desaturase indexes in healthy adults in an exploratory pilot study.$$$ regular cheese contains saturated fat, consumption of which may negatively influence the amount of serum lipids. the american dietary guidelines (https://health.gov/dietaryguidelines/2015/guidelines/) recommend consumption of low-fat food. however, we observed a negative association between cheese intake and serum triglycerides and a positive association with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. cheese intake was also inversely related to metabolic syndrome and blunted the harmful association of intake of soft drinks with serum lipids. cheese contains calcium and factors that may inhibit desaturases, thereby partly explaining why cheese might not have negative effects on serum lipids. thus, opposing forces seem to govern the cheese effect but will any of these prevail? in an exploratory pilot study, 17 healthy subjects participated in a 4-wk crossover trial without washout. during the first 2 wk, 9 subjects were randomly assigned to add 125 g/d of regular cheese to their habitual diet. after 2 wk, cheese intake was discontinued and the subjects were instructed to return to their habitual diet. the other 8 subjects followed their habitual diet during the first 2 wk, and then added 125 g/d of cheese for the next 2 wk. mean values (mmol/l) before and after 2 wk on habitual (cheese) diet were as follows: serum triglycerides: 0.91 (0.89) and 0.95 (0.91).
estimation and prediction of avoidable health care costs of cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes through adequate dairy food consumption: a systematic review and micro simulation modeling study.$$$ background: recent evidence from prospective cohort studies show a relationship between consumption of dairy foods and cardiovascular diseases (cvds) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (t2dm). this association highlights the importance of dairy foods consumption in prevention of these diseases and also reduction of associated healthcare costs. the aim of this study was to estimate avoidable healthcare costs of cvd and t2d through adequate dairy foods consumption in iran., methods: this was a multistage modelling study. we conducted a systematic literature review in pubmed and embase to identify any association between incidence of cvd and t2dm and dairy foods intake, and also associated relative risks. we obtained age- and sex-specific dairy foods consumption level and healthcare expenditures from national surveys and studies. patient level simulation markov models were constructed to predict the disease incidence, patient population size and associated healthcare costs for current and optimal dairy foods consumption at different time horizons (1, 5, 10 and 20 years). all parameters including costs and transition probabilities were defined as statistical distributions in the models, and all analyses were conducted by accounting for first and second order uncertainty., results: the systematic review results indicated that dairy foods consumption was inversely associated with incidence of t2dm, coronary heart disease (chd) and stroke. we estimated that the introduction of a diet containing 3 servings of dairy foods per day may produce a $0.43 saving in annual per capita healthcare costs in iran in the first year due to saving in cost of cvd and t2dm treatment. the estimated savings in per capita healthcare costs were $8.42, $39.97 and $190.25 in 5, 10 and 20-years' time, respectively. corresponding total aggregated avoidable costs for the entire iranian population within the study time horizons were $33.83, $661.31, $3,138.21 and $14,934.63 million, respectively., conclusion: our analysis demonstrated that increasing dairy foods consumption to recommended levels would be associated with reductions in healthcare costs. further randomized trial studies are required to investigate the effect of dairy foods intake on cost of cvd and t2dm in the population. copyright © 2018 the author(s). this is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the creative commons attribution license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.
saturated fats from butter but not from cheese increase hdl-mediated cholesterol efflux capacity from j774 macrophages in men and women with abdominal obesity.$$$ background: recent evidence suggests that the association between dietary saturated fatty acids (sfas) and coronary artery disease risk varies according to food sources. how sfas from butter and cheese influence hdl-mediated cholesterol efflux capacity (cec), a key process in reverse cholesterol transport, is currently unknown., objective: in a predefined secondary analysis of a previously published trial, we have examined how diets rich in sfas from either cheese or butter influence hdl-mediated cec, compared with diets rich in either monounsaturated fatty acids (mufas) or polyunsaturated fatty acids (pufas)., methods: in a randomized crossover controlled consumption trial, 46 men and women with abdominal obesity consumed 5 isocaloric diets, each for 4 wk. two diets were rich in sfas either from cheese (cheese) or butter (butter) [12.4-12.6% of energy (%e) as sfas, 32%e as fat, 52%e as carbohydrates]. in 2 other diets, sfas (5.8%e) were replaced with either mufas from refined olive oil (mufa) or pufas from corn oil (pufa). finally, a lower fat and carbohydrate diet was used as a control (5.8%e as sfas, 25.0%e as fat, 59%e as carbohydrates.
dairy consumption, systolic blood pressure, and risk of hypertension: mendelian randomization study.$$$ objective to examine whether previous observed inverse associations of dairy intake with systolic blood pressure and risk of hypertension were causal. design mendelian randomization study using the single nucleotide polymorphism rs4988235 related to lactase persistence as an instrumental variable. setting charge (cohorts for heart and aging research in genomic epidemiology) consortium. participants data from 22 studies with 171 213 participants, and an additional 10 published prospective studies with 26 119 participants included in the observational analysis. main outcome measures the instrumental variable estimation was conducted using the ratio of coefficients approach. using meta-analysis, an additional eight published randomized clinical trials on the association of dairy consumption with systolic blood pressure were summarized. results compared with the cc genotype (cc is associated with complete lactase deficiency), the ct/tt genotype (tt is associated with lactose persistence, and ct is associated with certain lactase deficiency) of lct-13910 (lactase persistence gene) rs4988235 was associated with higher dairy consumption (0.23 (about 55 g/day), 95% confidence interval 0.17 to 0.29) serving/day.
the effect of uht-processed dairy milk on cardio-metabolic risk factors.$$$ background/objectives: cardiovascular disease (cvd) remains a major cause of death worldwide. whereas dairy generally is associated with a neutral or a beneficial cvd effect, the consumption of ultra-high temperature (uht)-treated milk has been reported to increase levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl-c) in an uncontrolled study. our aim was to examine whether semi-skimmed uht dairy milk increases the risk of cvd development compared with pasteurized (past) dairy milk in overweight healthy adults., subjects/methods: nineteen healthy men and women participated in a randomized, controlled, crossover study. the effect of intake of 1.5 l of uht dairy milk or past milk, similar in nutritional content, was examined as a supplement to the participant's habitual diet for 21 days in each intervention period. intake of other dairy products was not allowed during the intervention period. clinical evaluation and blood samples took place preintervention and postintervention., results: there was no significant effect by type of milk on ldl-c (p=0.29). no effects of type of milk were observed in other blood lipid levels, such as total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol or triglycerides. no effects of type of milk were found for blood pressure, insulin, glucose concentration and insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance) or body weight., conclusions: this study does not support the hypothesis that uht processing of milk increases the risk of cvd.
dairy intake enhances body weight and composition changes during energy restriction in 18-50-year-old adults-a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.$$$ background/aims: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (rcts) was performed to investigate the effects of dairy food or supplements during energy restriction on body weight and composition in 18-50-year-old., methods: rcts >= 4 weeks comparing the effect of dairy consumption (whole food or supplements) with control diets lower in dairy during energy restriction on body weight, fat and lean mass were identified by searching medline, embase, pubmed, cochrane central and world health organization international clinical trials registry platform (who ictrp) until march 2016. reports were identified and critically appraised in duplicate. data were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis. chi2- and i2-statistics indicated heterogeneity. dose effect was assessed using meta-regression analysis. grade guidelines were used to rate the quality (qr) of the evidence considering risk of bias, inconsistency, indirectness, imprecision, publication bias and effect estimates., results: 27 rcts were reviewed. participants consumed between 2 and 4 standard servings/day of dairy food or 20-84 g/day of whey protein compared to low dairy control diets, over a median of 16 weeks. a greater reduction in body weight (-1.16 kg [-1.66, -0.66 kg], p < 0.001, i2 = 11%, qr = high, n = 644) and body fat mass (-1.49 kg [-2.06, -0.92 kg], p < 0.001, i2 = 21%, n = 521, qr = high) were found in studies largely including women (90% women). these effects were absent in studies that imposed resistance training (qr = low-moderate). dairy intake resulted in smaller loss of lean mass (all trials pooled: 0.36 kg [0.01, 0.71 kg], p = 0.04, i2 = 64%, n = 651, qr = moderate). no between study dose-response effects were seen., conclusions: increased dairy intake as part of energy restricted diets resulted in greater loss in bodyweight and fat mass while attenuating lean mass loss in 18-50-year-old adults. further research in males is needed to investigate sex effects.
is butter back? a systematic review and meta-analysis of butter consumption and risk of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and total mortality.$$$ background: dietary guidelines recommend avoiding foods high in saturated fat. yet, emerging evidence suggests cardiometabolic benefits of dairy products and dairy fat. evidence on the role of butter, with high saturated dairy fat content, for total mortality, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes remains unclear. we aimed to systematically review and meta-analyze the association of butter consumption with all-cause mortality, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes in general populations., methods and findings: we searched 9 databases from inception to may 2015 without restriction on setting, or language, using keywords related to butter consumption and cardiometabolic outcomes. prospective cohorts or randomized clinical trials providing estimates of effects of butter intake on mortality, cardiovascular disease including coronary heart disease and stroke, or diabetes in adult populations were included. one investigator screened titles and abstracts.
association of lactase persistence genotype with milk consumption, obesity and blood pressure: a mendelian randomization study in the 1982 pelotas (brazil) birth cohort, with a systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ background: milk intake has been associated with lower blood pressure (bp) in observational studies, and randomized controlled trials suggested that milk-derived tripeptides have bp-lowering effects. milk intake has also been associated with body mass index (bmi). nevertheless, it is unclear whether increasing milk consumption would reduce bp in the general population., methods: we investigated the association of milk intake with obesity and bp using genetically-defined lactase persistence (lp) based on the rs4988235 polymorphism in a mendelian randomization design in the 1982 pelotas (southern brazil) birth cohort. these results were combined with published reports identified through a systematic review using meta-analysis., results: in the 1982 pelotas birth cohort, milk intake was 42 [95% confidence interval (ci): 18.
effect of whey protein on blood lipid profiles: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.$$$ previous studies have suggested that whey supplementation may have beneficial effects on lipid profiles, although results were inconsistent. a literature search was performed in march 2015 for randomized controlled trials observing the effects of whey protein and its derivatives on circulating levels of triacylglycerol (tg), total cholesterol (tc), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl-c) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (hdl-c). a meta-analysis was subsequently conducted. the meta-analysis results of 13 trials showed that whey supplementation significantly reduced the circulating tg level by 0.11 mmol/l (95% ci: -0.21, 0 mmol/l), whereas the whey protein had no effects on circulating tc (-0.11 mmol/l, 95% ci: -0.27, 0.05 mmol/l), ldl-c (-0.08 mmol/l, 95% ci: -0.23, 0.07 mmol/l) and hdl-c (0.01 mmol/l, 95% ci: -0.04, 0.05 mmol/l). subgroup analysis showed that significant tg reduction disappeared in participants with low body mass index, low supplemental whey dose or under exercise training/energy restriction during the trial. no evidence of heterogeneity across studies and publication bias was observed. in conclusion, our findings demonstrated that the effects of whey protein supplementation were modest, with an overall lowering effect on tg but no effect on tc, ldl-c and hdl-c.
cocoa and whey protein differentially affect markers of lipid and glucose metabolism and satiety.$$$ food formulation with bioactive ingredients is a potential strategy to promote satiety and weight management. whey proteins are high in leucine and are shown to decrease hunger ratings and increase satiety hormone levels.
metabolic effects of a 24-week energy-restricted intervention combined with low or high dairy intake in overweight women: an nmr-based metabolomics investigation.$$$ we investigated the effect of a 24-week energy-restricted intervention with low or high dairy intake (ld or hd) on the metabolic profiles of urine, blood and feces in overweight/obese women by nmr spectroscopy combined with anova-simultaneous component analysis (asca). a significant effect of dairy intake was found on the urine metabolome. hd intake increased urinary citrate, creatinine and urea excretion, and decreased urinary excretion of trimethylamine-n-oxide (tmao) and hippurate relative to the ld intake, suggesting that hd intake was associated with alterations in protein catabolism, energy metabolism and gut microbial activity. in addition, a significant time effect on the blood metabolome was attributed to a decrease in blood lipid and lipoprotein levels due to the energy restriction. for the fecal metabolome, a trend for a diet effect was found and a series of metabolites, such as acetate, butyrate, propionate, malonate, cholesterol and glycerol tended to be affected. overall, even though these effects were not accompanied by a higher weight loss, the present metabolomics data reveal that a high dairy intake is associated with endogenous metabolic effects and effects on gut microbial activity that potentially impact body weight regulation and health. moreover, asca has a great potential for exploring the effect of intervention factors and identifying altered metabolites in a multi-factorial metabolomic study.
acute effect of red meat and dairy on glucose and insulin: a randomized crossover study.$$$ background: in contrast with some epidemiologic evidence, our previous research showed that a 4-wk diet that was high in low-fat dairy reduced insulin sensitivity compared with the effect of a diet that was high in red meat., objective: we investigated whether a dairy meal would produce a greater insulin response than a carbohydrate-matched red meat meal would, which might account for the change in insulin sensitivity., design: one meal contained lean red meat, bread, and orange juice, and the other meal contained skim milk, low-fat yogurt, cheese, and bread. meals were isoenergetic, equal in macronutrient profile, and consumed 1 wk apart. glucose, insulin, and triglycerides were measured before and 30, 60, 90, 120, 150, and 180 min after meal consumption. differences between meals were tested with the use of a repeated-measures anova and paired sample t tests., results: nineteen men and 24 women [mean +/- sd age: 50.8 +/- 16.0 y.
effect of resistance training and various sources of protein supplementation on body fat mass and metabolic profile in sarcopenic overweight older adult men: a pilot study.$$$ the decrease in resting energy expenditure (ree) and fat oxidation with aging is associated with an increase in fat mass (fm), and both could be prevented by exercise such as resistance training. dairy consumption has also been shown to promote fm loss in different subpopulations and to be positively associated with fat oxidation. therefore, we sought to determine whether resistance exercise combined with dairy supplementation could have an additive impact on fm and energy metabolism, especially in individuals with a deficit in muscle mass. twenty-six older overweight sarcopenic men (65 +/- 5 years old) were recruited for the study. they participated in 4 months of resistance exercise and were randomized into three groups for postexercise shakes (control, dairy, and nondairy isocaloric and isoprotein supplement with 375 ml and ~280 calories per shake). body composition was measured by dual x-ray absorptiometry and ree by indirect calorimetry. fasting glucose, insulin, leptin, inflammatory profile, and blood lipid profile were also measured. significant decreases were observed with fm only in the dairy supplement group.
postprandial plasma phospholipids in men are influenced by the source of dietary fat.$$$ background: postprandial lipemia represents a risk factor for chronic diseases, including type 2 diabetes. little is known about the effect of dietary fat on the plasma lipidome in the postprandial period., objective: the objective of this study was to assess the effect of dairy fat and soy oil on circulating postprandial lipids in men., methods: men (40-60 y old, nonsmokers.
dairy proteins, dairy lipids, and postprandial lipemia in persons with abdominal obesity (dairyhealth): a 12-wk, randomized, parallel-controlled, double-blinded, diet intervention study.$$$ background: abdominal obesity and exaggerated postprandial lipemia are independent risk factors for cardiovascular disease (cvd) and mortality, and both are affected by dietary behavior., objective: we investigated whether dietary supplementation with whey protein and medium-chain saturated fatty acids (mc-sfas) improved postprandial lipid metabolism in humans with abdominal obesity., design: we conducted a 12-wk, randomized, double-blinded, diet intervention study. sixty-three adults were randomly allocated to one of 4 diets in a 2 x 2 factorial design. participants consumed 60 g milk protein (whey or casein) and 63 g milk fat (with high or low mc-sfa content) daily. before and after the intervention, a high-fat meal test was performed. we measured changes from baseline in fasting and postprandial triacylglycerol, apolipoprotein b-48 (apob-48.
a randomized intervention trial of 24-wk dairy consumption on waist circumference, blood pressure, and fasting blood sugar and lipids in japanese men with metabolic syndrome.$$$ unlabelled: dairy foods are postulated to have beneficial effects on blood pressure, body fat, serum lipids, and the incidence of type 2 diabetes. to evaluate the effects of the consumption of milk and dairy products, we performed a randomized dietary intervention trial for 24 wk in japanese men, aged 20 to 60 y, with 2 or more components of the metabolic syndrome (, clinical trial registration: umin000006353). subjects were randomized to a control group (n=98) that received dietary intervention focused on weight control supervised by registered dietitians, and a dairy-consumption group (n=102) that received both dietary intervention and regular home dairy delivery of 400 g/d for 24 wk. co-primary endpoints included waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting blood sugar (fbs), and serum lipids. the dietary intervention decreased energy intake from 2,150 to 1,850 kcal/d in both groups (p<0.01). mean rates of compliance with the dairy-consumption intervention were over 90%, resulting in increased calcium intake in the dairy-consumption group from 329 to 667 mg/d (p<0.01). co-primary endpoints improved in both groups, but the degree of improvement was smaller in the dairy-consumption group (one-sided p=0.99). subgroup analyses specified in the study protocol identified weight and leisure-time physical activity (ltpa) as significant effect modifiers. differences in changes in systolic blood pressure compared with the control group were 28.0 mmhg (95% ci, 214.0 to 21.9, interaction.
impact of dairy consumption on essential hypertension: a clinical study.$$$ background: several studies have presented evidence suggesting that dairy consumption has beneficial effects on blood pressure (bp) in healthy subjects.
a genetic variant of ppara modulates cardiovascular risk biomarkers after milk consumption.$$$ objective: the association of dairy food consumption with the risk for developing cardiovascular disease (cvd) has been investigated in many studies, but results often have been contradictory. the aim of the present study was to determine whether genetic polymorphisms are associated with interindividual variation in the response of cvd risk biomarker values after milk consumption., methods: fourteen single nucleotide polymorphisms (snps) in nine genes related to lipid metabolism were examined in 161 volunteers randomly allocated to consume either 500 ml/d of skimmed (s) or semi-skimmed (ss) milk for 1 year in addition to their usual diets. total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (tc/hdl-c) and low-density lipoprotein/hdl-c ratios were used as biomarkers of cvd risk. three-way repeated-measures analysis of variance was used to examine the effect of time, treatment (s or ss), and genotype on these biomarkers., results: a tt genotype for the proliferator-activated receptor alpha polymorphism (ppara rs135549 snp) was significantly associated with a reduction in the tc/hdl and ldl/hdl ratios after 12 mo of s milk intake (mean reduction -0.29, 95% confidence interval [ci], -0.63 to 0.05.
whey protein delays gastric emptying and suppresses plasma fatty acids and their metabolites compared to casein, gluten, and fish protein.$$$ whey protein has been demonstrated to improve fasting lipid and insulin response in overweight and obese individuals. to establish new hypotheses for this effect and to investigate the impact of stomach emptying, we compared plasma profiles after intake of whey isolate (wi), casein, gluten (glu), and cod (cod). obese, nondiabetic subjects were included in the randomized, blinded, crossover meal study. subjects ingested a high fat meal containing one of the four protein sources. plasma samples were collected at five time points and metabolites analyzed using lc-q-tof-ms. in contrast to previous studies, the wi meal caused a decreased rate of gastric emptying compared to the other test meals. the wi meal also caused elevated levels of a number of amino acids, possibly stimulating insulin release leading to reduced plasma glucose. the wi meal also caused decreased levels of a number of fatty acids, while the glu meal caused elevated levels of a number of unidentified hydroxy fatty acids and dicarboxylic fatty acids. also reported are a number of markers of fish intake unique to the cod meal.
yogurt and weight management.$$$ a large body of observational studies and randomized controlled trials (rcts) has examined the role of dairy products in weight loss and maintenance of healthy weight. yogurt is a dairy product that is generally very similar to milk, but it also has some unique properties that may enhance its possible role in weight maintenance. this review summarizes the human rct and prospective observational evidence on the relation of yogurt consumption to the management and maintenance of body weight and composition. the rct evidence is limited to 2 small, short-term, energy-restricted trials. they both showed greater weight losses with yogurt interventions, but the difference between the yogurt intervention and the control diet was only significant in one of these trials. there are 5 prospective observational studies that have examined the association between yogurt and weight gain. the results of these studies are equivocal. two of these studies reported that individuals with higher yogurt consumption gained less weight over time. one of these same studies also considered changes in waist circumference (wc) and showed that higher yogurt consumption was associated with smaller increases in wc. a third study was inconclusive because of low statistical power. a fourth study observed no association between changes in yogurt intake and weight gain, but the results suggested that those with the largest increases in yogurt intake during the study also had the highest increase in wc. the final study examined weight and wc change separately by sex and baseline weight status and showed benefits for both weight and wc changes for higher yogurt consumption in overweight men, but it also found that higher yogurt consumption in normal-weight women was associated with a greater increase in weight over follow-up. potential underlying mechanisms for the action of yogurt on weight are briefly discussed.
effect of dairy calcium from cheese and milk on fecal fat excretion, blood lipids, and appetite in young men.$$$ background: calcium from different dairy sources might affect blood lipids and fecal fat excretion differently because of differences in the food matrix and nutritional composition., objective: we investigated whether milk- and cheese-based diets with similar calcium contents affect a saturated fatty acid-induced increase in blood lipids differently., design: fifteen healthy, young men participated in a randomized 3 x 2-wk crossover study in which the following 3 isocaloric diets that were similar in fat contents and compositions were compared: control diet [nondairy diet (~500 mg ca/d)], milk diet [semiskimmed milk-based diet (1700 mg ca/d)], and cheese diet [semihard cow-cheese-based diet (1700 mg ca/d)]. blood was drawn before and after each period, and feces were collected for 5 d during each period., results: saturated fatty acid-induced increases in total and low-density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol were lower with the milk diet (mean +/- sd: 0.57 +/- 0.13 and 0.53 +/- 0.11 mmol/l, respectively) (p < 0.01) and cheese diet (0.41 +/- 0.15 and 0.47 +/- 0.12 mmol/l, respectively) (p < 0.05) than with the control diet (0.89 +/- 0.12 and 0.84 +/- 0.11 mmol/l, respectively). fecal fat excretion increased more with the consumption of both the milk (5.2 +/- 0.4 g/d) and cheese (5.7 +/- 0.4 g/d) diets than with the control diet (3.9 +/- 0.3 g/d) (p < 0.001). changes in blood pressure, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and lipid ratios did not differ., conclusions: compared with the control diet, milk- and cheese-based diets attenuated saturated fatty acid-induced increases in total and ldl cholesterol and resulted in increased fecal fat excretion.
daily intake of vitamin d- or calcium-vitamin d-fortified persian yogurt drink (doogh) attenuates diabetes-induced oxidative stress: evidence for antioxidative properties of vitamin d.$$$ background: both poor vitamin d status and oxidative stress (os) have been independently associated with late diabetic complications, including cardiovascular disease (cvd). the present study aimed to examine the effect of daily intake of vitamin d alone or in combination with calcium as a fortified persian yogurt drink (doogh) on os over 12 weeks., methods: ninety patients with type 2 diabetes aged 30-50 years from both sexes were randomly allocated to one of the three groups to receive two 250-ml bottles of doogh a day, which was either plain (pd.
effects of milk supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid on weight control and body composition in healthy overweight people.$$$ introduction: conjugated linoleic acids (clas) have shown beneficial effects in weight control therapy however this relation is not clear., objetive: the aim of the study was to examine the effects and safety of 3g of a 1:1 mix of c9-t11 and t10-c12 on weight control and body composition in healthy overweight individuals., methods: a prospective, placebo-controlled, randomised double-blind, parallel clinical trial lasting 24 weeks was carried out in 38 volunteers (29w, 9m) aged 30-55 years and bmi >=27-<30 kg/m2 who consumed 200 ml/day of skimmed milk with 3g of clas or 3g olive oil (placebo). anthropometric, biochemical and dual x-ray absorptiometry (dxa) tests were measured. diet and physical activity were assessed., results: subjects maintained their habitual dietary and exercise patterns over the study. only cla group showed a significant decrease in weight (74.43 +/- 10.45 vs 73.54 +/- 11.66 kg, p = 0.029) and waist circumference (91.45 +/- 10.33 vs 90.65 +/- 9.84 cm, p = 0.012) between baseline and end of the study. bmi and waist height ratio decreased (28.44 +/- 1.08 vs 27.81 +/- 1.43 kg/m2, p = 0.030 and 0.57 +/- 0.05 vs 0.56 +/- 0.04 p = 0.013 respectively) in cla group at the end. cla group experienced a reduction in total fat mass after 24 weeks (38.62 +/- 5.02 vs 36.65 +/- 5.64%, p = 0.035). no decrease was observed in control group. homa index had no changes., conclusions: the consumption of skimmed milk enriched with 3g of a 1:1 mixture of c9-t11 and t10-c12 for 24 weeks led to a decrease in body weight and total fat mass in healthy, overweight subjects who maintained habitual diets and exercise patterns. no adverse effects were observed. registered under clinicaltrials.gov identifier no. nct01503047. copyright aula medica ediciones 2013. published by aula medica. all rights reserved.
effect of lactobacillus gasseri sbt2055 in fermented milk on abdominal adiposity in adults in a randomised controlled trial.$$$ consumption of fermented milk (fm) containing a probiotic, lactobacillus gasseri sbt2055 (lg2055), previously showed a reduction in abdominal adiposity in a randomised controlled trial (rct) using fm with 10(8) colony-forming units (cfu) of lg2055/g. however, whether the effectiveness is observed at lower concentrations, the recommended minimum or intermediate levels of probiotics (10(6) or 10(7) cfu/g, respectively), remains to be examined. a multi-centre, double-blind, parallel-group rct was conducted using 210 healthy japanese adults with large visceral fat areas (80.2 - 187.8 cm(2)). they were balanced for their baseline characteristics and randomly assigned to three groups receiving fm containing 10(7), 10(6) or 0 (control) cfu lg2055/g of fm, and were asked to consume 200 g fm/d for 12 weeks. abdominal visceral fat areas, which were determined by computed tomography, at week 12, changed from baseline by an average of -8.5 % (95 % ci -11.9, -5.1.
effect of consuming salad and yogurt as preload on body weight management and cardiovascular risk factors: a randomized clinical trial.$$$ few investigations reported the reductive effect of preload consuming on energy intake. the objective of the study was to compare the effects of consuming a mix of low glycaemic index foods such as vegetable salad, yogurt and water before or with meal on anthropometric measures and cardio vascular diseases (cvd) risks. in this randomized controlled clinical trial, 25 men and 35 women were recruited to consume similar amounts of macronutrients within a hypocaloric diet for 3 months. although subjects in the preload group consumed preload 15 min before the main meal, subjects in the control group consumed them with meal. the results showed that body weight, waist circumference, triglyceride, total cholesterol and systolic blood pressure decreased in more amount in the preload group ( - 7.8 +/- 0.5%, - 2.7 +/- 0.2%, - 5.7 +/- 1.1%, - 3.1 +/- 0.53% and - 4.4 +/- 0.4%, respectively.
the scale of the evidence base on the health effects of conventional yogurt consumption: findings of a scoping review.$$$ background: the health effects of conventional yogurt have been investigated for over a century.
randomized controlled study of the effect of a butter naturally enriched in trans fatty acids on blood lipids in healthy women.$$$ background: whereas the negative effect of consuming trans fatty acids found in partially hydrogenated vegetable oils on cardiovascular disease (cvd) risk is well established, the effect of trans fatty acids from ruminant sources (rtfas) on cvd risk factors has not yet been established, particularly among women., objective: we investigated the effects of a butter naturally enriched in rtfas, of which vaccenic acid is the predominant isomer, on plasma lipid concentrations among healthy women., design: in a double-blind, randomized, crossover controlled study, 61 healthy women aged 19-70 y were fed 2 isoenergetic diets lasting 4 wk each. the 2 diets were defined as moderately high in rtfas (3.7 g/d, 1.5% of daily energy) and control (0.9 g/d, 0.3% of daily energy)., results: no significant effect of the rtfa diet was found on total plasma cholesterol, ldl cholesterol, apolipoprotein b, apolipoprotein a-i, and triglyceride concentrations compared with the control diet. there was a small yet statistically significant reduction in plasma hdl-cholesterol concentrations with the rtfa diet (-2.8%.
long-term effects of a protein-enriched diet on blood pressure in older women.$$$ short-term randomised, controlled trials have found that dietary protein relative to carbohydrate can reduce blood pressure. our objective was to investigate the effects on blood pressure of an increase in protein intake from whey over 2 years in women aged over 70 years. from the general population, 219 women aged between 70 and 80 years were recruited to a 2-year randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled parallel-design trial: 181 women completed the trial to the end of year 2. participants were randomly assigned to consume a daily whey protein-based beverage (protein) or an energy-matched low-protein high-carbohydrate beverage (control). blood pressure measurements were performed at baseline, year 1 and year 2. for protein relative to control, the estimated mean net differences in protein and carbohydrate intakes were 18 (95 % ci 13, 23) and -22 (95 % ci -9, -35) g/d at year 1, and 22 (95 % ci 17, 28) and -18 (95 % ci -6, -31) g/d at year 2. intention-to-treat analysis found no overall differences between groups in blood pressure (p>0.5). net differences in systolic and diastolic blood pressure were -2.3 (95 % ci -5.3, 0.7) and -1.5 (95 % ci -3.6, 0.6) mmhg at year 1, and 1.6 (95 % ci -1.5, 4.7) and 0.3 (95 % ci -1.9, 2.4) mmhg at year 2. similar differences in systolic and diastolic blood pressure at years 1 and 2 were observed with per-protocol analysis. therefore, the present study did not provide evidence that a higher whey protein intake in older women can have prolonged effects on blood pressure.
a lipidomic analysis approach to evaluate the response to cholesterol-lowering food intake.$$$ plant sterols (ps) are well known to reduce serum levels of total cholesterol and ldl-cholesterol. lipidomics potentially provides detailed information on a wide range of individual serum lipid metabolites, which may further add to our understanding of the biological effects of ps. in this study, lipidomics analysis was applied to serum samples from a placebo-controlled, parallel human intervention study (n = 97) of 4-week consumption of two ps-enriched, yoghurt drinks differing in fat content (based on 0.1% vs. 1.5% dairy fat). a comprehensive data analysis strategy was developed and implemented to assess and compare effects of two different ps-treatments and placebo treatment. the combination of univariate and multivariate data analysis approaches allowed to show significant effects of ps intake on the serum lipidome, and helped to distinguish them from fat content and non-specific effects. the ps-enriched 0.1% dairy fat yoghurt drink had a stronger impact on the lipidome than the 1.5% dairy fat yoghurt drink, despite similar ldl-cholesterol lowering effects. the ps-enriched 0.1% dairy fat yoghurt drink reduced levels of several sphingomyelins which correlated well with the reduction in ldl-cholesterol and can be explained by co-localization of sphingomyelins and cholesterol on the surface of ldl lipoprotein. statistically significant reductions in serum levels of two lysophosphatidylcholines (lpc(16:1), lpc(20:1)) and cholesteryl arachidonate may suggest reduced inflammation and atherogenic potential. electronic supplementary material: the online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11306-011-0384-2) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.
dairy products and plasma cholesterol levels.$$$ cholesterol synthesized in the body or ingested is an essential lipid component for human survival from our earliest life. newborns ingest about 3-4 times the amount per body weight through mother's milk compared to the dietary intake of adults. a birth level of 1.7 mmol/l plasma total cholesterol will increase to 4-4.5 mmol/l during the nursing period and continue to increase from adulthood around 40% throughout life. coronary artery disease and other metabolic disorders are strongly associated with low-density lipoprotein (ldl) and high-density lipoprotein (hdl) cholesterol as well as triacylglycerol concentration. milk fat contains a broad range of fatty acids and some have a negative impact on the cholesterol rich lipoproteins. the saturated fatty acids (sfas), such as palmitic acid (c16:0), myristic acid (c14:0), and lauric acid (c12:0), increase total plasma cholesterol, especially ldl, and constitute 11.3 g/l of bovine milk, which is 44.8% of total fatty acid in milk fat. replacement of dairy sfa and trans-fatty acids with polyunsaturated fatty acids decreases plasma cholesterol, especially ldl cholesterol, and is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. available data shows different effects on lipoproteins for different dairy products and there is uncertainty as to the impact a reasonable intake amount of dairy items has on cardiovascular risk. the aim of this review is to elucidate the effect of milk components and dairy products on total cholesterol, ldl, hdl, and the ldl/hdl quotients. based on eight recent randomized control trials of parallel or cross-over design and recent reviews it can be concluded that replacement of saturated fat mainly (but not exclusively) derived from high-fat dairy products with low-fat dairy products lowers ldl/hdl cholesterol and total/hdl cholesterol ratios. whey, dairy fractions enriched in polar lipids, and techniques such as fermentation, or fortification of cows feeding can be used to produce dairy products with more beneficial effects on plasma lipid profile.
no effects of low and high consumption of dairy products and calcium supplements on body composition and serum lipids in puerto rican obese adults.$$$ objective: epidemiologic studies have shown that a high calcium intake is related to lower body weight, fat, and serum lipids in obese individuals. however, clinical studies have shown inconclusive results. the present study was conducted to determine if dairy or calcium supplementation alters body composition or serum lipids in puerto rican obese adults without dietary energy restriction or exercise., methods: a 21-wk randomized clinical trial was conducted in 30 obese adults, aged 21-50 y, with usual calcium intakes <700 mg/d. subjects were randomly assigned to the following: high dairy (~ 1300 mg/d of calcium from dairy products by substituting foods).
dietary intakes associated with successful weight loss and maintenance during the weight loss maintenance trial.$$$ background: dietary components effective in weight maintenance efforts have not been adequately identified., objective: to determine the effects of changes in dietary consumption on weight loss and maintenance during the weight loss maintenance clinical trial., design: weight loss maintenance was a randomized controlled trial. successful weight loss participants who completed phase i of the trial and lost 4 kg were randomized to one of three maintenance intervention arms in phase ii and followed for an additional 30 months., participants/setting: the multicenter trial was conducted from 2003 through 2007. this substudy included 828 successful weight loss participants., methods: the block food frequency questionnaire (ffq) was used to assess nutrient intake levels and food group servings. carbohydrates, proteins, fats, dietary fiber, fruit/vegetable, and dairy servings were utilized as predictor variables. the ffq was collected on all participants at study entry (beginning of phase i). those randomized to phase ii completed the ffq at three additional time points: randomization (beginning of phase ii), 12 months, and 30 months., intervention: the main intervention focused on long-term maintenance of weight loss using the dietary approaches to hypertension diet. this substudy examined if changes to specific dietary variables were associated with weight loss and maintenance., statistical analyses performed: linear regression models that adjusted for change in total energy examined the relationship between changes in dietary intake and weight for each time period. site, age, race, sex, and a race-sex interaction were included as covariates., results: participants who substituted protein for fat lost, on average, 0.33 kg per 6 months during phase i (p<0.0001) and 0.07 kg per 6 months during phase ii (p<0.0001) per 1% increase in protein. increased intake of fruits and vegetables was associated with weight loss in phases i and ii: 0.29 kg per 6 months (p<0.0001) and 0.04 kg per 6 months (p=0.0062), respectively, per 1-serving increase. substitution of carbohydrates for fat and protein for carbohydrates were associated with weight loss during both phases. increasing dairy intake was associated with significant weight loss during phase ii (-0.17 kg per 6 months per 1-serving increase, p=0.0002), but not during phase i. dietary fiber revealed no significant findings., conclusions: increasing fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy may help achieve weight loss and maintenance. copyright © 2011 american dietetic association. published by elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
effects of calcium and resistance exercise on body composition in overweight premenopausal women.$$$ objective: to examine the combined treatment effect of a mild energy restriction, high dairy calcium intake, and resistance exercise on promoting favorable body composition changes in overweight women with a low dairy intake. combined treatment strategies may produce synergistic effects on increasing fat loss and preserving bone in a population at risk for obesity and osteoporosis., methods: overweight, sedentary women consuming a diet low in dairy calcium (<=1 serving of dairy per day) were randomized either (1) to maintain a low-calcium diet (low.
effects of low-fat dairy consumption on markers of low-grade systemic inflammation and endothelial function in overweight and obese subjects: an intervention study.$$$ although increased concentrations of plasma inflammatory markers are not one of the criteria to diagnose the metabolic syndrome, low-grade systemic inflammation is receiving large attention as a metabolic syndrome component and cardiovascular risk factor. as several epidemiological studies have suggested a negative relationship between low-fat dairy consumption and the metabolic syndrome, we decided to investigate the effects of low-fat dairy consumption on inflammatory markers and adhesion molecules in overweight and obese subjects in an intervention study. thirty-five healthy subjects (bmi>27 kg/m2) consumed, in a random order, low-fat dairy products (500 ml low-fat milk and 150 g low-fat yogurt) or carbohydrate-rich control products (600 ml fruit juice and three fruit biscuits) daily for 8 weeks. plasma concentrations of tnf-alpha were decreased by 0.16 (sd 0.50) pg/ml (p = 0.070), and soluble tnf-alpha receptor-1 (s-tnfr-1) was increased by 110.0 (sd 338.4) pg/ml (p = 0.062) after the low-fat dairy period than after the control period. s-tnfr-2 was increased by 227.0 (sd 449.0) pg/ml (p = 0.020) by the dairy intervention. as a result, the tnf-alpha index, defined as the tnf-alpha:s-tnfr-2 ratio, was decreased by 0.000053 (sd 0.00012) (p = 0.015) after the dairy diet consumption. low-fat dairy consumption had no effect on il-6, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, intracellular adhesion molecule-1 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 concentrations. the present results indicate that in overweight and obese subjects, low-fat dairy consumption for 8 weeks may increase concentrations of s-tnfr compared with carbohydrate-rich product consumption, but that it has no effects on other markers of chronic inflammation and endothelial function.
the antihypertensive effect of fermented milk in individuals with prehypertension or borderline hypertension.$$$ fermented milk (fm) with putative antihypertensive effect in humans could be an easy applicable lifestyle intervention against hypertension. the mode of action is supposed to be through active milk peptides, shown to possess in vitro ace-inhibitory effect. blood pressure (bp) reductions upto 23 mm hg have been reported in spontaneously hypertensive rats fed fm. results from human studies of the antihypertensive effect are inconsistent. however, many studies suffer from methodological weaknesses, as insufficient blinding and the use of office bp measurements. we conducted a randomised, double-blind placebo-controlled study of the antihypertensive effect of lactobacillus helveticus fm in 94 prehypertensive and borderline hypertensive subjects. the participants were randomised into three treatment groups with a daily intake of 150 ml of fm, 300 ml of fm or placebo (chemically acidified milk). the primary outcome was repeated 24-h ambulatory bp measurements. there were no statistically significant differences in the outcome between the groups (systolic bp (sbp), p=0.9.
body composition and strength changes in women with milk and resistance exercise.$$$ purpose: we aimed to determine whether women consuming fat-free milk versus isoenergetic carbohydrate after resistance exercise would see augmented gains in lean mass and reductions in fat mass similar to what we observed in young men., methods: young women were randomized to drink either fat-free milk (milk: n = 10.
dairy-rich diets augment fat loss on an energy-restricted diet: a multicenter trial.$$$ a 12-week randomized controlled multi-center clinical trial was conducted in 106 overweight and obese adults. diets were designed to produce a 2,093 kj/day energy deficit with either low calcium (lc.
dose-dependent lowering of blood pressure by dairy peptides in mildly hypertensive subjects.$$$ clinical studies have demonstrated a beneficial effect on blood pressure for milk derived material containing isoleucyl-prolyl-proline (ipp) and valine-prolyl-proline (vpp) peptides. the aim of the present study was to evaluate the blood pressure lowering effect of three different ipp and vpp doses in products with a comparable electrolyte and protein composition. the present study was designed as a randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, dose-response trial: 166 subjects (>140/90 mmhg) received placebo during a 2-week run-in, 8-weeks intervention followed by a 2-week washout. results indicate that materials containing ipp and vpp do lower blood pressure dose-dependently (p < 0.05 for diastolic blood pressure, dbp). the effect on systolic blood pressure (sbp)/dbp over 8 weeks compared with placebo was + 0.1/- 1.3, - 1.5/- 1.4 and - 2.5/- 1.9 mmhg for the low, medium and high dose of peptides, respectively. the percentages of subjects who showed a fall in sbp > 3 mmhg or who attained an sbp below 140 mmhg, were 54% (placebo), 64% (low), 76% (medium) and 71% (high dose) respectively. this effect can only be demonstrated for office pressure and not for home or ambulatory pressure. furthermore, the results suggest that the magnitude of the fall in blood pressure is a function of baseline blood pressure. we conclude that ipp and vpp may have a modest dose-dependent effect on office blood pressure in mildly hypertensive subjects although this could not be confirmed with ambulatory or home blood pressure measurements.
calcium and dairy product modulation of lipid utilization and energy expenditure.$$$ objective: the purpose of this study was to investigate the impact of dietary calcium or dairy product intake on total energy expenditure (tee), fat oxidation, and thermic effect of a meal (tem) during a weight loss trial., methods and procedures: the intervention included a prescribed 500-kcal deficit diet in a randomized placebo-controlled calcium or dairy product intervention employing twenty-four 18 to 31-year-old (22.2+/-3.1 years, mean +/- s.d.) overweight women (75.5+/-9.6 kg). tem and fat oxidation were measured using respiratory gas exchange after a meal challenge, and tee was measured by doubly labeled water. fat mass (fm) and lean mass (fat-free mass (ffm)) were measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. subjects were randomized into one of these three intervention groups: (i) placebo (<800 mg/day calcium intake).
study of the effect of trans fatty acids from ruminants on blood lipids and other risk factors for cardiovascular disease.$$$ background: the intake of trans fatty acids (tfa) from industrially hydrogenated vegetable oils (itfa) is known to have a deleterious effect on cardiovascular health, the effects of tfa from ruminants (rtfa) are virtually unknown., objective: the purpose of the present study was to compare the effects of rtfa and itfa on plasma ldl concentrations and other cardiovascular disease risk factors in healthy subjects., design: in a double-blind, randomized crossover controlled study, 38 healthy men were fed each of 4 experimental isoenergetic diets lasting 4 wk each. the 4 diets were high in rtfa (10.2 g/2500 kcal), moderate in rtfa (4.2 g/2500 kcal), high in itfa (10.2 g/2500 kcal), and low in tfa from any source (2.2 g/2500 kcal) (control diet)., results: plasma ldl-cholesterol concentrations were significantly higher after the high- rtfa diet than after the control (p = 0.03) or the moderate- rtfa (p = 0.002) diet. plasma ldl-cholesterol concentrations also were significantly (p = 0.02) higher after the itfa diet than after the moderate-rtfa diet. plasma hdl-cholesterol concentrations were significantly (p = 0.02) lower after the high-rtfa diet than after the moderate-rtfa diet. finally, all risk factors were comparable between the control and the moderate-rtfa diets., conclusions: these results suggest that, whereas a high dietary intake of tfa from ruminants may adversely affect cholesterol homeostasis, moderate intakes of rtfa that are well above the upper limit of current human consumption have neutral effects on plasma lipids and other cardiovascular disease risk factors.
daily intake of conjugated linoleic acid-enriched yoghurts: effects on energy metabolism and adipose tissue gene expression in healthy subjects.$$$ conjugated linoleic acid (cla) is a group of positional and geometric isomers of conjugated dienoic derivatives of linoleic acid. the present study was designed to determine whether 14-week cla supplementation as triacylglycerols (3.76 g) with a 50 : 50 combination of the two main isomers (35 % cis-9, trans-11 and 35 % trans-10, cis-12) added to flavoured yoghurt-like products was able to alter body composition in healthy subjects and to alter the expression of several key adipose tissue genes (ppar gamma, lipoprotein lipase (lpl), hormone-sensitive lipase (hsl) and uncoupling protein 2 (ucp-2)). forty-four healthy subjects were randomly assigned to consume daily either a cla-supplemented yoghurt-like product or a placebo yoghurt for 98 d. there were no significant effects of cla supplementation on body weight, fat mass or free fat mass. basal energy expenditure expressed as kg free fat mass increased significantly in the cla group (123.3 (sem 2.5) kj/kg free fat mass per d on day 98 v. 118.7 (sem 2.3) kj/kg free fat mass per d on day 0, p = 0.03). ppar gamma mrna gene expression increased significantly with cla supplementation (53 (sem 20) %, p < 0.01) and a significant reduction in mrna levels of hsl was observed ( - 42 (sem 7) %, p = 0.01). the levels of ucp-2 and lpl mrna were not affected. the present results suggest that a 98 d supplementation diet with a 50 : 50 mixture of the two cla isomers cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12 in a dairy product was unable to alter body composition, although a significant increase in the rmr has been induced. moreover, changes in mrna ppar gamma and hsl in adipose tissue were recorded.
effects of whey peptides on cardiovascular disease risk factors.$$$ previous studies have shown that peptides derived from milk proteins can improve blood pressure. therefore, the authors tested the blood pressure-lowering effects of a hydrolyzed whey protein supplement rich in bioactive peptides. in a 6-week controlled study, 30 prehypertensive or stage 1 hypertensive subjects (blood pressure >or=120/80 mm hg and <or=155/95 mm hg) were randomized to receive 20 g/d of either a hydrolyzed whey protein (active treatment) or an unmodified whey protein (control treatment). blood pressure, blood lipids, safety measures, side effects, and diet were evaluated throughout the trial. after completion of treatment, a 4-week follow-up was conducted. there was a mean reduction of 8.0+/-3.2 mm hg in systolic blood pressure (p<.05) and of 5.5+/-2.1 mm hg in diastolic blood pressure (p<.05) in the treatment group compared with the control group. low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and high-sensitivity c-reactive protein were significantly improved by treatment. whey-derived peptides might be a viable treatment option for prehypertensive and/or stage 1 hypertensive populations.
effects of dairy products naturally enriched with cis-9,trans-11 conjugated linoleic acid on the blood lipid profile in healthy middle-aged men.$$$ background: interest in the development of dairy products naturally enriched in conjugated linoleic acid (cla) exists. however, feeding regimens that enhance the cla content of milk also increase concentrations of trans-18:1 fatty acids. the implications for human health are not yet known., objective: this study investigated the effects of consuming dairy products naturally enriched in cis-9,trans-11 cla (and trans-11 18:1) on the blood lipid profile, the atherogenicity of ldl, and markers of inflammation and insulin resistance in healthy middle-aged men., design: healthy middle-aged men (n = 32) consumed ultra-heat-treated milk, butter, and cheese that provided 0.151 g/d (control) or 1.421 g/d (modified) cis-9,trans-11 cla for 6 wk. this was followed by a 7-wk washout and a crossover to the other treatment., results: consumption of dairy products enriched with cis-9,trans-11 cla and trans-11 18:1 did not significantly affect body weight, inflammatory markers, insulin, glucose, triacylglycerols, or total, ldl, and hdl cholesterol but resulted in a small increase in the ratio of ldl to hdl cholesterol. the modified dairy products changed ldl fatty acid composition but had no significant effect on ldl particle size or the susceptibility of ldl to oxidation. overall, increased consumption of full-fat dairy products and naturally derived trans fatty acids did not cause significant changes in cardiovascular disease risk variables, as may be expected on the basis of current health recommendations., conclusion: dairy products naturally enriched with cis-9,trans-11 cla and trans-11 18:1 do not appear to have a significant effect on the blood lipid profile.
a comparison of the effects of a1 and a2 beta-casein protein variants on blood cholesterol concentrations in new zealand adults.$$$ beta-casein is a cow's milk protein that occurs predominantly in two forms, a1 and a2. epidemiological evidence suggests that per capita consumption of beta-casein a1 is associated with national mortality rates from ischaemic heart disease. a biological mechanism was proposed after rabbits fed diets containing beta-casein a2 had lower serum cholesterol concentrations and less aortic intimal thickening than rabbits fed beta-casein a1. we tested whether beta-casein a1 and a2 variants differentially affect plasma cholesterol concentrations in humans. in a randomised crossover trial of two four-and-a-half week periods without washout, 62 participants replaced all dairy products in their diet with 500 ml of low-fat milk and 28 g of full-fat cheese that differed in the proportion of beta-casein a1 and a2 variants. duplicate blood samples were taken on non-consecutive days at the end of each treatment period from 55 people who completed the study. mean (s.d.) plasma total, low-density and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were 5.60 (0.77), 3.73 (0.70) and 1.26 (0.34) mmol/l after the a1 diet and 5.63 (0.81), 3.75 (0.75) and 1.27 (0.37) mmol/l after the a2 diets. we found no evidence that dairy products containing beta-casein a1 or a2 exerted differential effects (p > 0.05) on plasma cholesterol concentrations in humans.
the impact of calcium and dairy product consumption on weight loss.$$$ objective: recent evidence suggests that diets high in calcium and dairy products are associated with lower body weight, particularly lower body fat levels. the purpose of this study was to compare weight and body fat loss on a calorie-restricted, low-dairy (cr) vs. high-dairy (cr+d) diet., research methods and procedures: fifty-four subjects (bmi 30 +/- 2.5 kg/m2, 45 +/- 6.6 years, 4 men) were randomly assigned to calorie-restricted (-500 kcal/d) low-dairy calcium (n = 29.
plant sterol ester-enriched milk and yoghurt effectively reduce serum cholesterol in modestly hypercholesterolemic subjects.$$$ background: the cholesterol-lowering efficacy of plant sterol esters (pstee) or stanol esters (pstae) in regular- and low-fat spreads has been consistently demonstrated, while their effectiveness in a low-fat, aqueous food carrier such as milk and yoghurt is less well established., aim of the study: two studies were carried out to assess the cholesterol-lowering effect of pstee-enriched low-fat milk and pstee- and pstae-enriched low-fat yoghurt in modestly hypercholesterolemic subjects (total cholesterol between 5-7.5 mmol/l)., methods: study one was a single blind crossover design with 4 phases of 3-week interventions. subjects consumed 300 ml/d of placebo or pstee-milk (2.0 g plant sterols/d) alone or combined with 25 g/d of placebo or pstee-spread. study two was a fully randomised, double blind crossover design with 3 phases of 3-week interventions. subjects consumed 2 portions (150 g tubs each) of placebo, pstee-yoghurt (1.8 g plant sterols/d) or pstae-yoghurt (1.7 g plant stanols/d). in study one 39 subjects (21 men and 18 women) and in study two 40 subjects (17 men and 23 women) completed the dietary intervention., results: in study one, pstee-milk and pstee-spread were equally efficacious in lowering total and ldl-cholesterol as compared to placebo by 6-8% and 8-10%, respectively. no significant additional cholesterol-lowering was observed with the combination of pstee-milk and pstee-spread (4 g plant sterols/d). pstee-enriched milk and the combination of pstee-enriched milk plus spread both lowered lipid-adjusted serum beta-carotene concentrations by 10-14% (p < 0.02),while the pstee-rich spread alone did not significantly alter serum beta-carotene levels. in study two, the pstee- and pstae-enriched yoghurts reduced ldl-cholesterol significantly compared to placebo by 0.27 +/- 0.05 mmol/l (6%) and 0.23 +/- 0.05 mmol/l (5%), respectively. in both studies, there was no effect on hdl-cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations., conclusion: plant sterols in the form of their esters when provided in lowfat milk and yoghurt are effective in lowering total and ldl-cholesterol.
total disagreements: 600.
cost: 21.34969800000006.

Included target articles are as follow:
