replacing cows' with sheep's dairy fat lowers plasma cholesterol concentration in participants consuming dairy fat-rich diets.$$$ objective: to determine the effects on plasma cholesterol concentration of replacing cows' dairy fat with sheep's dairy fat., design: randomised crossover dietary intervention., setting: general community, dunedin, new zealand., subjects: volunteer sample of 41 healthy adults with initial plasma cholesterol concentration between 4.8 and 7.8 mmol/l., interventions: participants were asked to follow a self-selected low-fat background diet throughout the study to which, during each of the 2, 3-week dairy diets, they were asked to add sheep's or cows' dairy products., main outcome measures: energy and nutrient intakes, plasma triacylglycerol fatty acids, and plasma cholesterol., results: energy and nutrient intakes on the sheep-dairy and cow-dairy diets were very similar, with total, saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fat contributing 34, 18-19, 9, and 3% of total energy intake, respectively. participants consumed approximately 50 g/day of dairy fat on each diet. replacing cows' with sheep's dairy fat led to a 0.33 (0.11-0.56, 95% ci) mmol/l decrease (6%) in plasma total cholesterol concentration, from 5.53 (0.90, s.d.) to 5.20 (0.90) mmol/l. plasma low-density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol was 0.18 (0.02-0.33) mmol/l lower on the sheep-dairy diet as was the concentration of plasma high-density lipoprotein (hdl) cholesterol, 0.11 (0.02-0.20) mmol/l. the ldl to hdl cholesterol ratio at the end of the sheep-dairy diet, 2.91 (1.10), was not significantly different (p>0.05) from the cow-dairy diet, 2.73 (0.83)., conclusions: within the context of a diet high in dairy fat (50 g/day), replacing cows' milk fat with sheep's milk fat leads to a small reduction in plasma cholesterol concentration, but no change in the ratio of ldl to hdl cholesterol.
effects of milk products fermented by bifidobacterium longum on blood lipids in rats and healthy adult male volunteers.$$$ the effects of milk products fermented by bifidobacterium longum strain bl1, a probiotic strain, on blood lipids in rats and humans were studied. rats were fed a cholesterol-enriched experimental diet, supplemented with lyophilized powders of 1) acid milk (control), 2) milk fermented with a mixed culture of ordinary yogurt starters composed of streptococcus thermophilus and lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus (sl), and 3) bifidobacterium milk fermented with the probiotic b. longum strain bl1, respectively. the bifidobacterium milk feeding brought about significant lowering of the serum concentrations of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides, in comparison with the control, while no change in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was observed. on the other hand, supplementation with sl milk resulted in only slight, nonsignificant decreases in serum lipid concentrations in comparison with the control. in the human study, 32 subjects with serum total cholesterol ranging from 220 to 280 mg/dl were randomly assigned to two treatments: 1) intake of a low-fat drinking yogurt prepared with ordinary yogurt starters composed of s. thermophilus and l. delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus (p-group) and 2) intake of a low-fat drinking yogurt prepared with the two ordinary yogurt starters plus b. longum strain bl1 (b-group). after intake for 4 wk at 3 x 100 ml/day, reduction of serum total cholesterol was observed in approximately half of the b-group subjects.
effect of a high-protein, energy-restricted diet on body composition, glycemic control, and lipid concentrations in overweight and obese hyperinsulinemic men and women.$$$ background: it is not clear whether varying the protein-to-carbohydrate ratio of weight-loss diets benefits body composition or metabolism., objective: the objective was to compare the effects of 2 weight-loss diets differing in protein-to-carbohydrate ratio on body composition, glucose and lipid metabolism, and markers of bone turnover., design: a parallel design included either a high-protein diet of meat, poultry, and dairy foods (hp diet: 27% of energy as protein, 44% as carbohydrate, and 29% as fat) or a standard-protein diet low in those foods (sp diet: 16% of energy as protein, 57% as carbohydrate, and 27% as fat) during 12 wk of energy restriction (6-6.3 mj/d) and 4 wk of energy balance ( approximately 8.2 mj/d). fifty-seven overweight volunteers with fasting insulin concentrations > 12 mu/l completed the study., results: weight loss (7.9 +/- 0.5 kg) and total fat loss (6.9 +/- 0.4 kg) did not differ between diet groups. in women, total lean mass was significantly (p = 0.02) better preserved with the hp diet (-0.1 +/- 0.3 kg) than with the sp diet (-1.5 +/- 0.3 kg). those fed the hp diet had significantly (p < 0.03) less glycemic response at weeks 0 and 16 than did those fed the sp diet. after weight loss, the glycemic response decreased significantly (p < 0.05) more in the hp diet group. the reduction in serum triacylglycerol concentrations was significantly (p < 0.05) greater in the hp diet group (23%) than in the sp diet group (10%). markers of bone turnover, calcium excretion, and systolic blood pressure were unchanged., conclusion: replacing carbohydrate with protein from meat, poultry, and dairy foods has beneficial metabolic effects and no adverse effects on markers of bone turnover or calcium excretion.
long-term consumption of fermented dairy products over 6 months increases hdl cholesterol.$$$ objective: assessment of the hypocholesterolaemic effect of yoghurt supplemented with lactobacillus acidophilus 145 and bifidobacterium longum 913 in women., design: the cross-over study consisted of three periods (7 weeks each): first period, control yoghurt for all 29 women.
effects of increased consumption of fluid milk on energy and nutrient intake, body weight, and cardiovascular risk factors in healthy older adults.$$$ objective: to assess the impact of increased consumption of milk, without other dietary advice, on older adults' energy and nutrient intakes, weight, cardiovascular risk factors (blood pressure, plasma lipid levels), and quality of life., subjects/setting: two hundred four healthy men and women, aged 55 to 85 years, who consumed fewer than 1.5 dairy servings per day were chosen from six us academic health centers., design: randomized, controlled open trial., intervention: advice to increase skim or 1% milk intake by 3 cups per day (n = 101) or to maintain usual diet (n = 103) for 12 weeks after a 4-week baseline period., main outcome measures: changes in energy and nutrient intake assessed from 3-day food records, body weight, blood pressure, and plasma lipid levels., statistical analyses performed: group-by-time analysis of variance with repeated-measures, chi 2 test., results: compliance with the intervention was good. compared with controls, participants in the milk-supplemented group significantly increased energy, protein, cholesterol, vitamins a, d, and b-12, riboflavin, pantothenate, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, zinc, and potassium intakes. prevalence of nutrient inadequacy, assessed for nutrients with estimated average requirements, decreased among women in the milk group for magnesium (40% at baseline vs 13% at 12 weeks, p < .001) and vitamin b-12 (6% vs 0%, p < .05) and tended to decrease (p < .10) for protein and thiamin (women) and magnesium and vitamin b-6 (men). the milk group gained 0.6 kg more than control group (p < .01).
effect of administration of fermented milk containing whey protein concentrate to rats and healthy men on serum lipids and blood pressure.$$$ the effect of fermented milk supplemented with whey protein concentrate on the serum lipid level of rats was investigated. the serum total cholesterol level for the group fed fermented milk with both lactobacillus casei tmc0409 and streptococcus thermophilus tmc 1543 was significantly lower than that of the control group (p<0.05) in rats. furthermore, the effect of the longterm intake of this fermented milk on the serum lipid level of twenty healthy adult men was investigated. during the 8-wk study, the volunteers consumed 200 ml of fermented milk or placebo in the morning and evening. blood samples were drawn for analysis three times, just before taking the experimental diet, and after 4 wk and 8 wk of consumption. after 8 wk, the high density lipoprotein cholesterol level for the fermented milk group showed a significant rise after 4 wk (p<0.05), whereas that of the placebo group showed no change even after 4 wk (p>0.05). the triglyceride level for the fermented milk group lowered significantly after 4 wk (<0.05), whereas that of the placebo group showed no change even after 4 wk (p>0.05). the atherogenic index [(total cholesterol - high density lipoprotein cholesterol)/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol] for the fermented milk group decreased significantly from 4.24 to 3.52 (p<0.05). the systolic blood pressure lowered significantly by the intake of fermented milk (p<0.05) on the other hand, such effect was not observed in the placebo group (p>0.05). these results indicate potential of the development of fermented milk with multiple therapeutic effects.
dietary approaches to stop hypertension: a summary of study results. dash collaborative research group.$$$ the dietary approaches to stop hypertension multicenter trial examined the impact of dietary patterns on blood pressure in 459 adults with blood pressure < 160 mm hg systolic and 80 to 95 mm hg diastolic. after a 3-week run-in period on a control diet low in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, and with a fat content typical for americans, participants were randomized for 8 weeks to either the control diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, or a combination diet that emphasized fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products. body weight and sodium intake were held constant, and physical activity did not change during the intervention. baseline mean +/- standard deviation systolic and diastolic blood pressures were 131.3 +/- 10.8 mm hg and 84.7 +/- 4.7 mm hg, respectively. relative to the control diet, the combination diet reduced blood pressure by 5.5 mm hg and diastolic blood pressure by 3.0 mm hg (p < .001). for those on the fruits and vegetables diet, blood pressure reductions relative to control were 2.8 mm hg systolic (p < .001) and 1.1 mm hg diastolic (p < .07). in 133 participants with hypertension, the combination diet produced a net blood pressure reduction of 11.4 and 5.5 mm hg systolic and diastolic, respectively (p < .001). in participants without hypertension (n = 326), the corresponding blood pressure reductions were 3.5 mm hg systolic (p < .001) and 2.1 mm hg diastolic (p < .003). in other subgroup analyses, minorities showed relatively larger reductions in blood pressure than nonminorities (p < .001). we conclude that the dietary pattern reflected in the combination diet can substantially reduce blood pressure, and, accordingly, provides an additional lifestyle approach to preventing and treating hypertension.
tissue-type plasminogen activator antigen and consumption of dairy products. the desir study. data from an epidemiological study on insulin resistance syndrome.$$$ we investigated whether tissue-type plasminogen activator antigen (t-pa-ag) was associated with intake of meat, fish, or dairy products. the study population comprised 295 women and 299 men aged 30-64 years, which was a random sample from the d.e.s.i.r. (data from an epidemiological study on the insulin resistance syndrome) study comprising 5214 men and women in total. t-pa-ag was measured in fasting blood samples and the habitual intake of foods was assessed by several questions on a food frequency questionnaire. cross-sectional data were analyzed. the mean t-pa-ag concentration was 3.28 ng/ml (sd, 1.26) in men and 2.52 ng/ml (sd, 1.22) in women. the concentration of t-pa-ag was inversely associated with the consumption of milk and milk products in women (p for trend: 0.15) and in men (p for trend: 0.04). the difference between subjects with a low and a high milk consumption was 13% in women and 19% in men. similar results were observed for consumption of cheese. the concentration of t-pa-ag was 21 and 8% lower for women and men with a high cheese consumption, respectively, compared to those with a low consumption. further analyses showed that the association of t-pa-ag with milk and milk product consumption was independent of cheese consumption and vice versa. no association between meat or fish intake and t-pa-ag was observed. the results of this study indicate that, if confirmed by others, a high intake of dairy products may influence fibrinolysis by an effect on t-pa-ag.
[cholesterol-lowering effect of a new fermented milk product in healthy 44-year old danish men].$$$ the potential cholesterol-lowering effect of a new fermented milk product was tested in a homogeneous group of danish men (all 44-year-old.
calcium and dairy acceleration of weight and fat loss during energy restriction in obese adults.$$$ objective: increasing 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin d in response to low-calcium diets stimulates adipocyte ca2+ influx and, as a consequence, stimulates lipogenesis, suppresses lipolysis, and increases lipid accumulation, whereas increasing dietary calcium inhibits these effects and markedly accelerates fat loss in mice subjected to caloric restriction. our objective was to determine the effects of increasing dietary calcium in the face of caloric restriction in humans., research methods and procedures: we performed a randomized, placebo-controlled trial in 32 obese adults. patients were maintained for 24 weeks on balanced deficit diets (500 kcal/d deficit) and randomized to a standard diet (400 to 500 mg of dietary calcium/d supplemented with placebo), a high-calcium diet (standard diet supplemented with 800 mg of calcium/d), or high-dairy diet (1200 to 1300 mg of dietary calcium/d supplemented with placebo)., results: patients assigned to the standard diet lost 6.4 +/- 2.5% of their body weight, which was increased by 26% (to 8.6 +/- 1.1%) on the high-calcium diet and 70% (to 10.9 +/- 1.6% of body weight) on the high-dairy diet (p < 0.01). fat loss was similarly augmented by the high-calcium and high-dairy diets, by 38% and 64%, respectively (p < 0.01). moreover, fat loss from the trunk region represented 19.0 +/- 7.9% of total fat loss on the low-calcium diet, and this fraction was increased to 50.1 +/- 6.4% and 66.2 +/- 3.0% on the high-calcium and high-dairy diets, respectively (p < 0.001)., discussion: increasing dietary calcium significantly augmented weight and fat loss secondary to caloric restriction and increased the percentage of fat lost from the trunk region, whereas dairy products exerted a substantially greater effect.
blood pressure responses to high-calcium skim milk and potassium-enriched high-calcium skim milk.$$$ objective: this study was designed to evaluate the effect of high-calcium skim milk or potassium-enriched high-calcium skim milk on blood pressure compared with nonenriched skim milk., design: this was a randomized double-blind controlled trial. each milk intervention lasted for 4 weeks, with a minimum of 4 weeks of wash-out between interventions., methods: we recruited 38 healthy people, aged over 40 years, to take part in a double-blind, randomized, controlled cross-over study. we asked them to replace their usual liquid milk with two servings per day of skim milk (control), high-calcium skim milk or potassium-enriched high-calcium skim milk. we measured office blood pressures (seated and standing) at the start and after 2 and 4 weeks of milk intervention and we measured daytime ambulatory blood pressures at the start and after 4 weeks of milk intervention. each milk intervention was interspaced by a 4-week interval., results: office systolic blood pressure (standing) decreased from 127 +/- 16 to 124 +/- 16 mmhg (p<0.05) after 4 weeks of skim milk and from 130 +/- 18 to 126 +/- 17 mmhg (p<0.05) after 4 weeks of high calcium skim milk. after 4 weeks of consuming the potassium-enriched high-calcium milk, systolic blood pressure decreased from 125 +/- 18 to 117 +/- 16 mmhg (p<0.001) seated, and from 130 +/- 16 to 122 +/- 15 mmhg (p<0.001) standing. there were no significant changes in office diastolic blood pressure after any milk. there was no change in ambulatory blood pressure after either skim milk or high-calcium skim milk. after 4 weeks of potassium-enriched high-calcium milk, ambulatory daytime systolic blood pressure decreased from 138 +/- 13 to 135 +/- 11 mm hg (p<0.05) and daytime diastolic blood pressure decreased from 80 +/- 8 to 78 +/- 9 mmhg (p<0.05)., conclusions: high-calcium milk enriched with potassium has a small hypotensive effect in healthy people aged over 40 years.
substituting enzymatically interesterified butter for native butter has no effect on lipemia or lipoproteinemia in man.$$$ the aim of this study was to determine whether substituting enzymatically interesterified butter for native butter in the usual diet affects lipid and lipoprotein levels in man. parameters studied were serum total cholesterol, ldl-cholesterol, hdl-cholesterol, free cholesterol, phospholipids, triglycerides, apoa1 and apob and the fatty acid composition of serum triglycerides, free fatty acids, phospholipids and cholesterol esters. subjects were healthy volunteers and a controlled design was used. the only mathematically significant difference found when interesterified butter was substituted for butter was an about 7% lower fraction of oleic acid in the serum cholesterol esters (p = 0.005). in contrast to an earlier study where chemically interesterified butter fat was substituted for native butter, no indications are found in this study that replacing native butter by enzymatically interesterified butter, in amounts normally consumed, may have any beneficial effect on health. copyright 2000 s. karger ag, basel.
yoghurt enriched with lactobacillus acidophilus does not lower blood lipids in healthy men and women with normal to borderline high serum cholesterol levels.$$$ objective: to investigate whether intake of lactobacillus acidophilus strain l-1 lowers serum cholesterol in healthy men and women., design: randomised, placebo-controlled parallel trial., setting: subjects were free-living. blood sampling and distribution of yoghurts were administered at a local hospital., subjects: seventy-eight adult men and women with cholesterol levels of 3.9-7.8 mmol/l (mean +/- s.d., 5.4+/-0.7)., interventions: subjects consumed 500 ml of control yoghurt daily for two weeks. they were then randomly allocated to receive 500 ml per day of control yoghurt or of yoghurt enriched with lactobacillus acidophilus l-1 for another six weeks. the yoghurts were spiked with a trace of lithium.
effects of a milk product, fermented by lactobacillus acidophilus and with fructo-oligosaccharides added, on blood lipids in male volunteers.$$$ objective: to investigate in adult male volunteers the effect of a new fermented milk product, fermented by lactobacillus acidophilus and with fructo-oligosaccharides added, on blood lipids., design: randomized placebo-controlled double-blind two-way cross over trial with two treatment periods of three weeks, separated by a wash-out period of one week., setting: the study was performed at the tno nutrition and food research institute in zeist, the netherlands. subects: thirty normal healthy men, aged 33-64y (mean serum total cholesterol level: 5.23 +/- 1.03 (s.d.)), were selected for this study. normal health was assessed by pre study screening. all subjects were used to an average dutch food pattern., interventions: during the treatment periods subjects consumed three times daily a 125 ml of either test or reference product as a part of their habitual diet. the test product was a milk, fermented by yogurt starters and lactobacillus acidophilus, and contained 2.5% fructo-oligosaccharides, 0.5% vegetable oil and 0.5% milk fat. the reference product was a traditional yogurt (milk fermented only by yogurt strains), containing 1% milk fat. blood samples for serum lipid analysis and blood glucose measurements were taken before the start of the experiment and at the end of both treatment periods., results: as compared to the reference product, consumption of the test product resulted in significantly lower values for serum total cholesterol (p < 0.001), ldl-cholesterol (p < 0.005), and the ldl/hdl-ratio (p < 0.05) by 4.4, 5.4 and 5.3% respectively. levels of serum hdl-cholesterol, triglycerides and blood glucose remained essentially unchanged. the beneficial effects of the test product on serum cholesterol were largely related to an increase of this parameter during the consumption of the reference product., conclusions: as compared to traditional yogurt, daily consumption of three times 125 ml of test product specifically lowered serum ldl-cholesterol levels in normal healthy male adult subjects with borderline elevated levels of serum total cholesterol within three weeks.
long-term (6 months) effect of a new fermented milk product on the level of plasma lipoproteins--a placebo-controlled and double blind study.$$$ objective: we have recently demonstrated a short-term hypocholesterolemic effect (reduction of 8-10%) of a new fermented milk product taken for 6 weeks (agerbaek et al, 1995.
modifying the fatty acid profile of dairy products through feedlot technology lowers plasma cholesterol of humans consuming the products.$$$ intake of milk and butter has been clearly associated with higher coronary heart disease rates in different countries and this is likely to be mediated by the hypercholesterolemic effect of dairy fat. fat-modified dairy products are an innovation involving a technology in which protected unsaturated lipids are fed to ruminants resulting in milk and tissue lipids with reduced saturated fatty acids. we examined the impact of these novel dairy fats on plasma lipids in a human dietary trial. thirty-three men and women participated in an 8-wk randomized crossover trial comparing fat-modified with conventional dairy products. the trial consisted of a 2-wk low-fat baseline period followed by two 3-wk intervention phases. during the test periods, the fat-modified products resulted in a significant 0.28-mmol/l (4.3%) lowering of total cholesterol (p < 0.001). most of this decrease was in ldl cholesterol, which decreased by 0.24 mmol/l (p < 0.001) whereas hdl cholesterol and triacylglycerols remained essentially unchanged. this alteration in the fatty acid profile of dairy products, if applied to populations typical of developed western countries, represents a potential strategy to lower the risk of coronary heart disease without any appreciable change in customary eating patterns.
total disagreements: 73.
cost: 30.2289615000001.

Included target articles are as follow:
