certolizumab pegol for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: 16-week results from a phase 2/3 japanese study.$$$ introduction: certolizumab pegol (czp), the fc-free, pegylated anti-tumor necrosis factor, is approved for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (pso) in western countries and in japan, among other indications., methods: we report results from the first 16 weeks of a 52-week phase 2/3 trial of czp in japanese patients with pso. patients >= 20 years with pso >= 6 months (psoriasis area and severity index [pasi] >= 12, body surface area affected >= 10%, and physician's global assessment [pga] >= 3 on a 5-point scale) were randomized 2:2:1 to czp 400 mg every 2 weeks (q2w), czp 200 mg q2w (400 mg weeks 0/2/4), or placebo q2w. outcomes assessed to week 16: pasi 75, pasi 90, pga 0/1 (markov chain monte carlo), dermatology life quality index (dlqi 0/1) and itch numeric rating scale (inrs 0) (non-responder imputation), and dlqi and inrs change from baseline (last observation carried forward). safety data were reported for patients receiving >= 1 dose of study medication through weeks 0-16.
systematic review and meta-analysis of inflammatory bowel disease adverse events with anti-interleukin 17a agents and tumor necrosis factor inhibitors in rheumatic disease and skin psoriasis.$$$ introduction: the aim of this work is to perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of anti-tumor necrosis factor (anti-tnf) and anti-interleukin-17 (anti-il-17) trials for spondyloarthritis, psoriatic arthritis, and psoriasis comparing rates of inflammatory bowel disease (ibd) events compared to placebo., methods: medline, embase, and the cochrane library were searched for double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled anti-tnf and anti-il-17 trials of included diseases. inflammatory bowel disease events from the rct period were pooled and meta-analyzed using statistical methods suitable for low-event-rate meta-analysis (peto's, mantel-haenszel, hypergeometric-normal model, and shuster-guo-skyler). when observed data were insufficient, we performed an exploratory sensitivity analysis to compare methods., results: we identified 9551 original papers, and included 96 publications: 65 anti-tnf and 31 anti-il-17 trials, containing 21 new and 12 flare ibd events in 28,209 participants. new ibd on anti-il-17 occurred 0.23/100 patient-years (py) in psoriasis, 0.61/100 py in psa and 1.63/100 py in spondyloarthritis, rates similar to observational cohorts, and less commonly on anti-tnf (0/100 py, 0/100 py, 0.32/100 py, respectively). no evidence of difference between groups was found, with wide ci from many pooled counts of zero, especially in placebo arms., conclusions: ibd events were rare, occurring at rates similar to biologic-naive groups. we could not find statistically significant differences in risk of new or recurrent ibd between treatment and control groups using selected meta-analytical methods for low event rate scenarios. meta-analyses of this topic require more ibd events, ideally without pooling heterogeneous groups. larger, thoroughly reported trials with systematic and detailed safety reporting are required to improve risk estimation and to make accurate inferences. copyright © 2021. the author(s).
safety and efficacy of risankizumab and infliximab in the treatment of plaque psoriasis: results from a direct and indirect meta-analysis.$$$ the objective of our study was to compare a potent drug of the anti-tnf class family, infliximab, with a potent drug of the il-inhibitors family, risankizumab, in terms of efficacy and safety endpoints. online databases were searched for relevant placebo-controlled, randomized trials. the following efficacy outcomes were included: pasi-75, pasi-90, and spga, as well as the incidence of any adverse events and serious adverse events. the risk ratios (rr) with the respective 95% confidence intervals (cis) of different psoriasis scores were pooled in a meta-analysis model, using the mantel-haenszel method. the combined risk ratios (rr) showed that infliximab and risankizumab are effective in increasing the number of patients with more than 75% improvement in the pasi (rr= 26.68, 95% ci [14.98, 47.51] p<0.001) and (rr= 10.17, 95% ci [7.24, 14.30] p<0.001), respectively. test for subgroup differences showed that risankizumab is more effective. regarding pasi-90 outcome, risankizumab and infliximab are more effective than placebo (rr= 26.22, 95% ci [14.20, 48.41], p<0.001), and (rr= 15.18, 95% ci [8.72, 26.45], p<0.001) respectively. the results showed that risankizumab does not cause significant serious adverse events (rr = 0.59, 95% ci [0.31, 1.13], p=0.12) while, on the other hand, infliximab causes significant serious adverse events (rr = 2.30, 95% ci [1.08, 4.88], p=0.03). the test of subgroup difference showed that risankizumab is safer (p<0.001). analysis of the incidence of any adverse events showed that risankizumab is safer as well (p=0.007). infection rates were similar among both drugs (p=0.05). in conclusion, risankizumab is preferred for the treatment of psoriasis than infliximab, and is significantly more effective and safe. copyright © 2021, almohideb et al.
efficacy and safety of netakimab, a novel anti-il-17 monoclonal antibody, in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. results of a 54-week randomized double-blind placebo-controlled planeta clinical trial.$$$ introduction: netakimab (ntk), an original humanized anti-interleukin-17 monoclonal antibody, showed therapeutic efficacy in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in a phase 2 clinical study. herein we report the results of 54 weeks of a phase 3 planeta trial aimed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of two ntk regimens vs. placebo., methods: two hundred thirteen patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis were randomly assigned to receive ntk 120 mg once every 2 weeks (ntk q2w), ntk 120 mg once every 4 weeks (ntk q4w) or placebo. during the first 3 weeks, patients received subcutaneous injections of ntk or placebo (according to the allocation) once a week. patients in the ntk q2w group then received ntk at weeks 4, 6, 8 and 10. subjects in the ntk q4w group received ntk at weeks 6 and 10 and placebo at weeks 4 and 8. patients in the placebo group received placebo injections at weeks 4, 6, 8 and 10. treatment was unblinded at week 12. during the open-label phase, patients in both ntk groups continued to receive ntk q4w. the primary efficacy endpoint was the proportion of patients in each group who achieved a >= 75% reduction from baseline in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 75) at week 12., results: a total of 77.7%, 83.3% and 0% of patients had a pasi 75 response at week 12 in the ntk q2w, ntk q4w and placebo groups, respectively (p < 0.0001, fisher's exact test, itt). the effect was maintained throughout the 1-year treatment. ntk showed a good safety profile and low immunogenicity., conclusion: treatment with ntk results in high rates of sustained clinical response in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. the study is ongoing.
assessing the quality and coherence of network meta-analyses of biologics in plaque psoriasis: what does all this evidence synthesis tell us?.$$$ introduction: a range of treatments are available for moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of subcutaneous secukinumab 150 mg with or without loading regimen in psoriatic arthritis: results from the future 4 study.$$$ introduction: to assess the efficacy and safety of the subcutaneous (s.c.) secukinumab 150 mg with loading (150 mg) or without loading (150 mg no-load) regimen through 104 weeks in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (psa) in the future 4 (nct02294227) study., methods: patients with psa (n = 341) were randomized to s.c. secukinumab 150 mg, 150 mg no-load or placebo at baseline, weeks 1, 2, 3 and every 4 weeks thereafter. all placebo patients were reassigned to secukinumab 150 mg no-load at either week 16 (non-responders) or week 24 (responders). the primary end point was acr20 at week 16. patients could have their dose escalated from 150 to 300 mg based on their physician's decision starting at week 36. pre- and post-escalation acr and pasi responses were also assessed., results: a total of 95.6% (326/341), 84.5% (288/341) and 79.8% (272/341) patients completed 16, 52 and 104 weeks of treatment, respectively. the primary end point was met.
comparing the efficacy and safety of il-17 inhibitors for treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a randomized double blind pilot study with a review of literature.$$$ introduction: psoriasis is a chronic skin disease in which interleukin-17a (il-17a) has been found to play an important role. commercially available anti-il-17 drugs include brodalumab, ixekizumab (ixe), and secukinumab (sec)., aim: to compare the safety and efficacy of ixe and sec in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., material and methods: the patients were randomized to the ixe or sec group. effectiveness was estimated by physician's global assessment (pga), psoriasis area and severity index (pasi), and dermatology life quality index (dlqi). safety was assessed by documentation of adverse effects (aes), routine laboratory values, and injection-site and allergic reactions., results: there were 155 patients in the ixe group and 158 in the sec group. at week 12, pasi 75 was 76.77% (ixe) vs. 67.09% (sec).
comparison of efficacy of anti-interleukin-17 in the treatment of psoriasis between caucasians and asians: a systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ background: interleukin-17 (il-17) monoclonal antibody drugs have been increasingly significant in the treatment of psoriasis, but it is not clear whether the efficacy is equivalent across ethnicities., objective: to explore the differences of short-term efficacy of il-17 inhibitors between caucasians and asians., methods: the pooled log risk ratio (logrr) between the groups was estimated. the meta-regression analysis on the logrr was performed, with the proportion of caucasian patients as the covariate. the subgroup analysis was performed by specific il-17 inhibitors., results: of the 1,569 potentially relevant studies, sixteen randomized controlled trials (rcts) were included. for the psoriasis area and severity index 75 (pasi 75) response at week 12, the pooled logrr of the asian group and the caucasian group was 2.81 (95% ci: 2.27-3.35, p < 0.001) and 2.93 (95% ci: 2.71-3.16, p < 0.001), respectively, indicating no significant difference of efficacy between asians and caucasians. the meta-regression analysis did not show an association of the proportion of caucasians with the effect size (beta = 0.3203, p = 0.334). in the subgroup analysis, the comparison results of secukinumab were consistent with the main analysis., limitations: only the short-term efficacy was explored. the data from asian countries were limited., conclusions: the short-term efficacy of il-17 inhibitors in the treatment of psoriasis has no significant difference between caucasians and asians., systematic review registration: prospero, identifier crd42020201994, https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/. copyright © 2022 zhang, qiu, liao, xiao, shen, deng and jing.
ixekizumab for psoriatic arthritis: safety, efficacy, and patient selection.$$$ objective: ixekizumab is a monoclonal antibody targeting il-17a and licensed for psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis (psa) and axial spondyloarthritis. review objectives were to summarize: 1) ixekizumab safety in people with psa, 2) ixekizumab efficacy from phase iii randomized controlled trials, and 3) ixekizumab study participant psa phenotypes., methods: we conducted a search in pubmed limited to phase iii randomized controlled trials (rct) and corresponding long-term extension studies where the intervention was treatment with ixekizumab in a population with psa., results: we identified 17 publications and 13 met inclusion criteria. injection site reactions (isr) and allergic reactions occurred in up to 25.3% and 6.2% with ixekizumab and 4.5% and 1.85, respectively, with placebo. isr occurred in 9.5-10.6% at 24 and 52 weeks with ixekizumab versus 3.2-3.5% with adalimumab (p < 0.01) in biologic-naive psa. serious adverse events at 24 weeks occurred in 8.5% with adalimumab versus 3.5% with ixekizumab (p = 0.02), and at 52 weeks in 12.45 with adalimumab and 4.25 with ixekizumab (p < 0.01). ixekizumab had similar efficacy to adalimumab across all psa musculoskeletal, symptom and patient-reported outcome domains and surpassed adalimumab in psoriasis outcomes as well as all combined musculoskeletal and psoriasis outcomes. the study subject population was overwhelmingly white, balanced men-women, bmi at the obese threshold, had on average 7-year psa duration and 15-year psoriasis duration. disease activity was high with 7/66 swollen joints, 13/68 tender joints, 55% enthesitis, variable dactylitis (12-51%), and active psoriasis in >92%., conclusion: ixekizumab treatment in psa was associated with a statistically significant higher risk of injection site reactions versus placebo or adalimumab. ixekizumab had statistically significantly fewer serious adverse events than adalimumab. ixekizumab demonstrated efficacy for all psa disease activity domains as well as for slowing radiographic disease progression. the main shortcoming of the ixekizumab psa program is lack of representation of african american study participants. copyright © 2021 miller et al.
biologics for severe, chronic plaque psoriasis: an australian cost-utility analysis.$$$ background: biologics are a good therapeutic option for severe, chronic plaque psoriasis.
comparative effectiveness and safety of methotrexate versus puva in severe chronic stable plaque psoriasis.$$$ background: psoriasis is a chronic, inflammatory, immune-mediated, debilitating skin disease affecting approximately 2%-3% of the global population. various treatment modalities are available for extensive psoriasis which include methotrexate, cyclosporine, retinoids, oral puva therapy, and biologic agents., aims and objectives: the aim of this study was to compare the effectiveness and safety of methotrexate vs. puva in severe chronic plaque psoriasis with bsa >20%., materials and methods: a randomized open-label clinical study was performed. sixty patients with extensive stable plaque psoriasis were recruited in the study. thirty patients received methotrexate at a dose of 0.4 mg/kg up to a maximum of 15 mg/week and the rest 30 were treated by puva, 8-methoxy psoralen tablet (20 mg) followed by uva started at the dose of 1 j/cm2 thrice weekly with an increment of 20% dose every third sitting until 2.5 j/cm2 is reached. both forms of treatment were continued for 10 weeks or until pasi 90 achieved, which-ever was earlier. clinical examination, blood investigation, pasi scoring, and photograph were repeated in serial intervals during the study. at the end of study, the data were compiled, tabulated, and analyzed., result: in the puva group, 90% achieved pasi-50 and 63.33% achieved pasi-90, in the methotrexate group all patients achieved both pasi-50 and pasi-90. methotrexate acted significantly faster than puva in disease clearance. in the methotrexate group decreased platelet count in 13.33% patients, decreased hemoglobin (<10 gm/dl), elevated liver enzyme, each of these developed in 10% of patients. in the puva group, no serious side effects were observed., conclusions: methotrexate is more efficacious with lesser incidence of subjective complications and more incidence of laboratory complications compared to puva in extensive plaque psoriasis. copyright: © 2021 indian journal of dermatology.
improvement in patient-reported outcomes in patients with psoriatic arthritis treated with upadacitinib versus placebo or adalimumab: results from select-psa 1.$$$ introduction: the aim of this work is to assess the effect of upadacitinib versus adalimumab and placebo on patient-reported outcomes (pros) in psoriatic arthritis (psa) patients with inadequate responses to >= 1 non-biologic disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (non-bdmard-ir) in select psa-1., methods: in this placebo- and active comparator, phase 3 randomized, controlled trial, patients received daily upadacitinib 15 or 30 mg, placebo, or adalimumab 40 mg every other week through 56 weeks. at week 24, placebo-assigned patients were rerandomized to upadacitinib 15 or 30 mg. pros included patient global assessment of disease activity (ptga), pain, health assessment questionnaire disability index (haq-di), functional assessment of chronic illness therapy-fatigue (facit-f), short form 36 health survey (sf-36), eq-5d-5l index score, bath ankylosing spondylitis disease activity index, morning stiffness, self-assessment of psoriasis symptoms, and work productivity and activity impairment. mean changes from baseline in pros, improvements >= minimum clinically important differences (mcid), scores >= normative values, and sustained clinically meaningful responses were compared between treatment groups., results: at weeks 12 and 24, upadacitinib treatment resulted in improvements from baseline versus placebo across all pros as well as improvements versus adalimumab in haq-di and sf-36 physical component summary score (nominal p < 0.05). improvements in ptga, pain, and haq-di were reported as early as week 2. at week 12, significantly (nominal p < 0.05) more upadacitinib- versus placebo-treated patients reported improvements >= mcid across all pros including seven sf-36 domains. the proportions of upadacitinib-treated patients reporting clinically meaningful improvements at week 12 were similar to or greater than with adalimumab and sustained through week 56. significantly (nominal p < 0.05) more upadacitinib-treated (both doses) patients reported scores >= normative values at week 12 versus placebo, and scores were generally similar to or greater than adalimumab., conclusions: upadacitinib treatment provides rapid, sustained, and clinically meaningful improvements in pros in non-bdmard-ir patients with psa. select-psa 1 clinicaltrials.gov number, nct03104400. copyright © 2021. the author(s).
short-term efficacy of biologic therapies in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a systematic literature review and an enhanced multinomial network meta-analysis.$$$ introduction: many targeted, systemic therapies have been developed for treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis (pso). a network meta-analysis (nma) allows for comparison between treatments not directly compared in randomized controlled trials (rct). this study's objective was to compare the short-term (10-16 weeks) clinical efficacy according to the psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) among approved biologic treatments for moderate-to-severe pso using a novel (enhanced) nma model., methods: a systematic literature review (slr) of rcts for patients with moderate-to-severe pso was conducted. english publications in medline, embase, and the cochrane library up to march 2019 were searched. an enhanced multinomial bayesian nma was performed to simultaneously adjust for baseline risk and utilize the conditional nature of the pasi (50, 75, 90, and 100) levels. the model relaxes typical constraints that all treatments must have the same ranks across pasi levels., results: the slr resulted in 319 relevant publications, of which 72 publications from 73 rcts reporting 10- to 16-week data for at least one pasi response level (30,314 total patients) were included. interleukin (il) inhibitors (risankizumab, ixekizumab, brodalumab, secukinumab, and guselkumab) were the best performing treatments for achieving all pasi levels. etanercept was outperformed by the other subcutaneous tumor necrosis factor alpha inhibitors. application of an enhanced nma model that allowed treatment rankings to differ by pasi level tested the robustness of results of previous nmas in pso., conclusion: the results of this model confirmed that il inhibitors are likely the best short-term treatment choices for improving all pasi levels. copyright © 2021. the author(s).
correlation between change in psoriasis area and severity index and dermatology life quality index in patients with psoriasis: pooled analysis from four phase 3 clinical trials of secukinumab.$$$ introduction: patients with psoriasis (pso) experience impaired health-related quality of life due to physical and psychosocial burdens. the objective of this study was to assess the correlation between change in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) score and selected dermatology life quality index (dlqi) domain scores in patients with moderate-to-severe pso and those with pso and comorbid psoriatic arthritis (psa)., methods: this post hoc analysis of four phase 3 clinical trials included patients with moderate-to-severe pso randomized to secukinumab 150/300 mg, etanercept, or placebo. pairwise latent growth models were applied to assess the longitudinal correlation between change in pasi scores and changes in three dlqi domain scores (daily activities, leisure activities, and symptoms/feelings). the initial (baseline to week 12) and sustained (week > 12 to week 52) treatment exposures were analysed by population type (total, pso only, and pso with comorbid psa) and treatment arm (secukinumab, etanercept, or placebo)., results: among the total population (n = 2401), pasi change was positively correlated with change in each assessed dlqi domain.
deterioration of health-related quality of life after withdrawal of risankizumab treatment in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a machine learning predictive model.$$$ introduction: risankizumab has demonstrated efficacy in treating moderate-to-severe psoriasis. the phase-3 immhance trial (nct02672852) examined the effect of continuing versus withdrawing from risankizumab treatment on psoriasis severity, including the psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) and static physician global assessment (spga). however, the effect of withdrawal on health-related quality of life (hrql) was not assessed. therefore, this study was conducted to evaluate the impact of risankizumab withdrawal on hrql measured by the dermatology life quality index (dlqi). because dlqi was not measured beyond week 16 in immhance, a machine learning predictive model for dlqi was developed., methods: a machine learning model for dlqi was fitted using repeated measures data from three phase-3 trials (nct02684370, nct02684357, nct02694523) (pooled n = 1602). an elastic-net algorithm performed automated variable selection among candidate predictors including concurrent pasi and spga, demographics, and interaction terms. the machine learning model was used to predict dlqi at weeks 28-104 of immhance among patients re-randomized to continue (n = 111) or withdraw from (n = 225) risankizumab after achieving response (spga = 0/1) at week 28., results: the machine learning predictive model demonstrated good statistical fit during tenfold cross-validation and external validation against observed dlqi at weeks 0-16 of immhance (n = 507). predicted improvements in dlqi from baseline were lower in the withdrawal versus the continuation cohort (mean dlqi change at week 104, -5.9 versus -11.5, difference [95% ci] = 5.6 [4.1, 7.3]). predicted dlqi deteriorated more extensively than pasi (49.7% versus 36.4%) after treatment withdrawal., conclusions: the predicted dlqi score deteriorated more rapidly after risankizumab withdrawal than the pasi score, an objective measure of disease. these findings suggest that the deterioration in hrql reflects more substantial impacts after risankizumab discontinuation than those measured by pasi only. copyright © 2021. the author(s).
efficacy and safety of certolizumab pegol in japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: 52-week results.$$$ introduction: certolizumab pegol (czp), an fc-free, pegylated anti-tumour necrosis factor biologic, dosed at 400 mg every 2 weeks (q2w) and 200 mg q2w over 16 weeks, resulted in improvements in japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (pso).
comparative efficacy and relative ranking of biologics and oral therapies for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a network meta-analysis.$$$ introduction: the clinical benefits of biologic and oral treatments for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis are well-established, but efficacy outcomes can vary across therapies. comparative efficacy analysis can be highly informative in clinical settings with multiple therapeutic options. this study assessed the short-term and long-term comparative efficacy of biologic and oral treatments for moderate-to-severe psoriasis., methods: a systematic literature review identified phase 2/3/4 randomized controlled trials (rcts) through to 1 july 2020 for food and drug administration- or european medicines agency-licensed treatments for moderate-to-severe psoriasis. psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) 75/90/100 response rates at the end of the primary response (short-term: 10-16 weeks from baseline) and maintenance periods (long-term: 48-52 weeks from baseline) were estimated using bayesian network meta-analysis. surfaces under the cumulative ranking curves (sucra) were estimated to present the relative ranking of treatments., results: in the short term (n = 71 rcts), the pasi 90 response rates were highest for ixekizumab (72.9%, sucra 0.951), risankizumab (72.5%, 0.940), and brodalumab (72.0%, 0.930), which were significantly higher than those for guselkumab (65.0%, 0.795), secukinumab (65.0%, 0.794), infliximab (56.8%, 0.702), certolizumab (400 mg: 49.6%, 0.607.
phosphodiesterase-4 inhibition in psoriasis.$$$ psoriasis is a chronic immune-mediated inflammatory disorder. phosphodiesterase-4 (pde-4) is an enzyme that mediates inflammatory responses and plays a role in psoriasis pathogenesis. pde-4 degrades its substrate cyclic adenosine monophosphate (camp) to adenosine monophosphate (amp), which subsequently leads to the production of pro-inflammatory mediators. inhibitors of pde-4 work by blocking the degradation of camp, which leads to a reduction in inflammation. apremilast is the only approved oral pde-4 inhibitor for the treatment of psoriasis. while it is effective for some patients, it may be limited by adverse effects in others. a topical pde-4 inhibitor, roflumilast, is being investigated in psoriasis and showing promising results. crisaborole, a topical pde-4 inhibitor approved for use in atopic dermatitis, has also been investigated in psoriasis. this is an updated comprehensive review to summarize the currently available evidence for the pde-4 inhibitors apremilast, roflumilast and crisaborole in the treatment of psoriasis, with a focus on data from randomized clinical trials. copyright © 2021 milakovic and gooderham.
long-term safety and efficacy of risankizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: results from a phase 2 open-label extension trial.$$$ introduction: although many biologic therapies are effective for clearing skin of patients with psoriasis, some lose effectiveness over time. this phase 2 open-label extension (ole) trial was designed to investigate the long-term safety and efficacy of risankizumab., methods: in the phase 2, double-blind, active comparator, predecessor trial (nct02054481), patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis were treated for 24 weeks with subcutaneous (sc) risankizumab or ustekinumab, followed by a 24-week follow-up without treatment administration. patients could enroll in the ole (nct02203851) when they experienced loss of treatment response (< 50% improvement in the psoriasis area severity index [pasi 50]) during follow-up) or at the end of follow-up if treatment response was ongoing. in the ole, patients were treated every 12 weeks for at least 48 weeks with sc risankizumab 90 or 180 mg, beginning at week 12 (ole visit 2), if the patient had not achieved pasi 90. efficacy endpoints included the proportions of patients who achieved pasi 50/75/90/100 and static physician's global assessment (spga) of clear or almost clear skin at week 48 (spga 0/1.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis and inadequate response to tnf inhibitors: 3-year follow-up (spirit-p2).$$$ purpose: ixekizumab is a high-affinity monoclonal antibody that selectively targets interleukin-17a. the objective of this study was to assess the long-term efficacy and safety (to week 156) of ixekizumab in patients with active psoriatic arthritis and inadequate response or intolerance to one or two tumor necrosis factor inhibitors., methods: in the spirit-p2 study (clinicaltrials.gov id: nct02349295), patients were randomized to placebo or ixekizumab 80 mg every 4 weeks (ixe q4w) or every 2 weeks (ixe q2w) following a 160-mg starting dose. during the extension period (weeks 24-156), patients maintained their original ixekizumab dose, and placebo patients received ixe q4w or ixe q2w (1:1). exposure-adjusted incidence rates (irs) per 100 patient-years (py) are presented., results: of 363 patients enrolled in the study, 310 entered the extension period. in all patients treated with ixe q4w and ixe q2w at week 0, responses persisted to week 156. at week 156, clinical responses (observed) in patients treated with ixe q4w and ixe q2w were assessed [american college of rheumatology (acr) response criteria and minimal disease activity (mda) criteria]: 84 and 85% showed 20% improvement (acr20).
expectation-induced enhancement of pain, itch and quality of life in psoriasis patients: study protocol of a randomised controlled trial.$$$ introduction: experimental and clinical data demonstrate that skin diseases like psoriasis are affected by psychological factors and can be modulated by interventions other than conventional drug therapy. the expectation of patients towards the benefit of a forthcoming treatment as well as treatment pre-experiences have been demonstrated as crucial factors mediating placebo responses in inflammatory skin diseases. however, it is unknown whether and to what extent treatment outcomes of psoriasis patients under therapy with monoclonal antibodies like secukinumab can be experimentally modulated at subjective and physiological levels by modifying the expectation of patients via verbal instruction or prior experience., methods and analysis: treatment expectations will be modulated in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis undergoing treatment with the anti-interleukin-17a monoclonal antibody secukinumab. patients with a psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) >12 will be randomly allocated to one of three groups (n=40 each). as a standard schedule, patients in the pharmacological control group (group 1) will be treated weekly with 300 mg secukinumab, while patients in groups 2 and 3 will receive only 75 mg secukinumab (75% dose reduction) during all treatment weeks. in addition to the injections, patients in group 3 will ingest a novel tasting drink, with a cover story explaining that previous studies showed additional beneficial effects of this combination (drug and drink). patients will be assessed and treated at nine visits over a 16-week period, during which the severity of pain and itch symptoms, skin lesions and quality of life will be analysed with standardised questionnaires and the pasi., ethics and dissemination: this study was approved by the ethics committee of the medical faculty of the university duisburg-essen. study outcomes will be published in peer-reviewed scientific journals. copyright © author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. re-use permitted under cc by-nc. no commercial re-use. see rights and permissions. published by bmj.
efficacy, safety and immunogenicity of avt02 versus originator adalimumab in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis: a multicentre, double-blind, randomised, parallel group, active control, phase iii study.$$$ background: avt02 (adalimumab) is a proposed biosimilar to humira r. avt02 is produced at a 100 mg/ml concentration with a citrate-free formulation., objectives: the aim of this study was to compare the efficacy, safety and immunogenicity of avt02 versus humira r in subjects with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis., methods: this double-blind, randomised, parallel group, active control study of adult subjects compared (at a 1:1 ratio) avt02 with originator adalimumab 80 mg subcutaneously in week 1, then 40 mg every other week. at week 16, subjects who had received originator adalimumab were re-randomised at a 1:1 ratio to continue receiving originator adalimumab, or to switch to avt02, every other week until week 48, with final efficacy endpoint at week 50. subjects who initially received avt02 continued to receive avt02 from week 16 to week 48. the primary endpoint was percentage improvement in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) score at week 16. secondary efficacy endpoints included percentage improvement in pasi score at additional timepoints, change from baseline in dermatology life quality index (dlqi) score and number and percentage of subjects achieving static physician's global assessment (spga) responses of 'clear' or 'almost clear'. additional secondary endpoints included comparison of adverse event profiles, anti-drug antibodies and neutralising antibodies, and serum trough levels of adalimumab at steady state., results: a total of 413 subjects were randomised (205 to avt02 and 208 to originator). the percentage improvement in pasi score at week16 was 91.6% for avt02-treated subjects and 89.6% for originator adalimumab. the 90% confidence intervals for the primary endpoint were within the pre-defined equivalence margin of +/-10% (90% ci - 0.76 to 5.29.
use of upadacitinib in the treatment of psoriatic arthritis.$$$ upadacitinib, a selective jak1 inhibitor, has been evaluated for efficacy and safety in the treatment of psoriatic arthritis (psa). relevant literature using the terms 'upadacitinib' and 'psa' were identified via pubmed and google scholar. efficacy of upadacitinib in the treatment of psa versus placebo was demonstrated in the select-psa i and ii trials. select-psa1 also showed upadacitinib was noninferior to adalimumab in the treatment of psa. the most common adverse events in patients treated with upadacitinib were infections, malignancies and thromboembolic events. upadacitinib is an effective medication that can be used in the treatment of active psa. despite its proven efficacy and safety, upadacitinib does not yet have long-term safety data.
effect of costimulatory blockade with abatacept after ustekinumab withdrawal in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: the pause randomized clinical trial.$$$ importance: psoriasis relapse may involve compensatory t-cell activation pathways in the presence of cd28-cd80/cd86 blockade with abatacept., objective: to determine whether costimulatory signaling blockade with abatacept prevents psoriasis relapse after ustekinumab withdrawal., design, setting, and participants: psoriasis treatment with abatacept and ustekinumab: a study of efficacy (pause), a parallel-design, double-blind, placebo-controlled randomized clinical trial, was conducted at 10 sites in the us and canada. participant enrollment opened on march 19, 2014, and concluded on april 11, 2016. participants were adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and received ustekinumab in a lead-in phase. those who responded to ustekinumab at week 12 were randomized 1:1 to either the continued with ustekinumab group (ustekinumab group) or the switched to abatacept group (abatacept group). treatment was discontinued at week 39, and participants were followed up for psoriasis relapse until week 88. statistical analyses were performed in the intention-to-treat (itt) and safety samples from may 3, 2018, to july 6, 2021., interventions: participants received subcutaneous ustekinumab at weeks 0 and 4 (45 mg per dose for those <=100 kg.
biological therapy interruption and re-treatment in chronic plaque psoriasis.$$$ while biological treatments for chronic plaque psoriasis should be administered continuously to maximize and maintain efficacy, interruptions in therapy may be necessary for a number of reasons. we reviewed the evidence from clinical trials on efficacy, safety and immunogenicity in clinical trials for approved biologic agents for chronic plaque psoriasis. a systematic search of three major medical databases was performed and a total of 35 articles were included into the analysis, including 13 controlled trials. trials assessing continuous therapy against dosing as-needed therapy (including infliximab, etanercept and secukinumab) have demonstrated superior efficacy for continuous regimes. however, randomized withdrawal trials for etanercept, adalimumab, ixekizumab, brodalumab, guselkumab, risankizumab and tildrakizumab, showed no significant impact on skin clearance rates in patients who are interrupted once and then re-treated. with the possible exception of infliximab, temporary interruption in biologic therapy appears to be safe and most agents will regain efficacy after re-introduction. j drugs dermatol. 2021.
risk of herpes zoster associated with biological therapies for psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ background: biological therapy is effective for the treatment of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
serious gastrointestinal-related adverse events among psoriasis patients treated with guselkumab in voyage 1 and voyage 2.$$$ background: anti-interleukin (il)-17 biologic agents used to treat psoriasis are associated with onset/exacerbation of inflammatory bowel disease (ibd)., objectives: to determine the incidence of ibd or serious gastrointestinal-related adverse events (gi saes) in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated with guselkumab, an il-23p19 inhibitor that indirectly inhibits il-17, through 4 years in the phase 3 voyage 1 and voyage 2 trials., methods: patients were randomized to guselkumab 100 mg every-8-weeks or placeboguselkumab (week 16), or adalimumab. in voyage 1, all patients received open-label guselkumab starting at week 52. in voyage 2, eligible patients were treated with guselkumab or placebo based on clinical response starting at week 28 and received open-label guselkumab starting at week 76. cumulative incidence rates of ibd and other gi saes were calculated as events per 100 patient-years (py) through week 204. ibd was defined as aes of crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis. data were summarized for all guselkumab-treated patients for years 1-4., results: of 1721 guselkumab-treated patients, 1612 were exposed for >=1 year, 1545 for >=2 years, 1454 for >=3 years, and 661 for >=4 years. for all patients through week 204, the cumulative rate of gi saes was 0.45/100py. event rates remained stable with longer duration of exposure, ranging from 0.36 to 0.57/100py. no new or exacerbated cases of ibd were reported., conclusions: no cases of ibd were observed and rates of gi saes were low through 4 years of treatment with guselkumab in two large trials of patients with psoriasis. j drugs dermatol. 2021.
oral simvastatin combined with narrowband uvb for the treatment of psoriasis: a randomized controlled trial.$$$ psoriasis is a common chronic skin condition, which is an immune-related hyperproliferative disorder. among the different treatments for psoriasis, statins have been found to reduce the severity of the disease. accordingly, fluvastatin and simvastatin are known to have anti-inflammatory effects by inhibiting inflammatory cytokines and lymphocyte function. narrowband ultraviolet b (nb-uvb) is known as an effective and safe modality for psoriasis treatment. in this double blind, randomized controlled trial, we investigated the efficacy and safety of adding simvastatin to nb-uvb phototherapy in patients with psoriasis. forty-eight patients with psoriasis undergoing nb-uvb phototherapy were randomly divided into placebo groups.
secukinumab effects on disease burden, patient needs and benefits, and treatment satisfaction in patients with plaque psoriasis across european regions: patient perspective data from the prose study.$$$ background: cross-cultural differences in healthcare policies and patient-physician communication may influence the quality of care and patients' perceived benefits and satisfaction with psoriasis treatment., objectives: to compare the disease burden and patient needs at baseline, and patient benefits and satisfaction with secukinumab treatment across europe., methods: prose was an open-label, prospective, non-randomized, stratified multicentre study of 52 weeks of secukinumab treatment, in 16 european countries. secondary analysis of the prose study data by european regions was performed to identify cross-cultural differences in disease burden and patient needs at baseline, and in clinical improvement, patient-reported treatment benefits and satisfaction at 52 weeks post-treatment., results: at baseline, dermatology life quality index impairment was reported to be greater in patients from eastern europe (ee: 15.4 +/- 7.1) vs. northern europe (ne: 13.3 +/- 6.7) and western europe (we: 13.6 +/- 6.9), but while differences were statistically significant (f-test = 5.5, p < 0.001), their clinical significance is uncertain. there were no significant differences between regions in psoriasis area and severity index at baseline (f-test = 1.6). there were considerable differences in patients' needs (patient need questionnaire) between geographical regions, with we focused more on reducing physical impairment [vs. southern europe (se)/ee], ee on reducing social impairment (vs. ne/we) and se on reducing impairment due to therapy (vs. ne/we). at week 52, patients from ee reported more benefits (patient benefit index) with secukinumab treatment (vs. we/se), while patients from ne reported higher global treatment satisfaction (vs. se)., conclusions: differences in patients' needs and treatment satisfaction across europe are likely a result of diverse medical systems, socio-economic status and infrastructural access. a patient-centred approach to treating psoriasis may fulfil patient needs and maximize treatment satisfaction. (nct02752776). copyright © 2021 the authors. journal of the european academy of dermatology and venereology published by john wiley & sons ltd on behalf of european academy of dermatology and venereology.
effect of baseline disease severity on achievement of treatment target with apremilast: results from a pooled analysis.$$$ background: treating to absolute treatment targets rather than relative measures such as psoriasis area and severity index (pasi)-75 is emerging as an important clinical concept included in psoriasis guidelines and clinical practice. achieving treatment targets is associated with achievement of long-term outcomes., objective: to evaluate the relationship between psoriasis severity, disease characteristics and achievement of pasi <=2 with apremilast in a pooled analysis of the phase 3 esteem 1 and 2 (nct01194219 and nct01232283), phase 3b liberate (nct01690299) and phase 4 unveil (nct02425826) clinical trials., methods: pooled data from patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis randomized to apremilast 30 mg bid were analysed by baseline pasi quartiles (q1: 2.4-13.1.
three-year efficacy and safety of certolizumab pegol for the treatment of plaque psoriasis: results from the randomized phase 3 cimpact trial.$$$ background: certolizumab pegol (czp) is an fc-free, pegylated anti-tumor necrosis factor biologic., objectives: to report 3-year outcomes from the cimpact (nct02346240) phase 3, czp in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, randomized controlled trial., methods: adults were randomized 3:3:3:1 to czp 200 mg every other week (q2w), czp 400 mg q2w, etanercept biweekly or placebo. at week 16, czp- and etanercept-treated pasi 75 responders were re-randomized to czp 200 mg q2w, czp 400 mg q4w, czp 400 mg q2w or placebo for maintenance treatment.
five-year maintenance of clinical response and health-related quality of life improvements in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated with guselkumab: results from voyage 1 and voyage 2.$$$ background: psoriasis is a chronic disease requiring long-term therapy., objectives: physician- and patient-reported outcomes were evaluated through week 252 in voyage 1 and voyage 2., methods: in total, 1829 patients were randomized at baseline to receive guselkumab 100 mg every 8 weeks, placebo or adalimumab. patients receiving placebo crossed over to guselkumab at week 16. patients receiving adalimumab crossed over to guselkumab at week 52 in voyage 1, and randomized withdrawal and retreatment occurred at weeks 28-76 in voyage 2.
complete clearance and psoriasis area and severity index response for brodalumab and ustekinumab by previous treatment history in amagine-2 and amagine-3.$$$ background: the pathway for treatment of psoriasis is partly dependent upon disease severity, and patients may experience inadequate response at any point along the treatment pathway. patients who repeatedly fail therapy represent a population in whom effective and well-tolerated treatment options are limited., objectives: to investigate and describe patients achieving psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) 100 and cumulative treatment benefit over time in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis receiving brodalumab or ustekinumab by prior treatment., methods: we conducted a post hoc analysis of data from two phase 3, randomized, controlled, 52-week amagine trials of brodalumab to describe patients who achieved complete clearance as measured by pasi 100 by prior treatment subgroup (naive to systemic and biologic treatment, systemic-treated but biologic-naive, biologic-treated without failure, and biologic-treated with failure). a competing risk model was used to assess cumulative incidence over a 52-week period with outcomes of pasi 100 or inadequate response. cumulative clinical benefit of treatment was determined with an area under the curve analysis., results: the 52-week cumulative incidence of patients achieving pasi 100 was consistently higher for brodalumab vs. ustekinumab across treatment pathway subgroups (76% vs. 58% in systemic/biologic-naive patients, 78% vs. 55% in systemic-treated/biologic-naive patients, 75% vs. 41% in biologic-treated patients without failure, and 70% vs. 30% in biologic-treated patients with failure). rates of inadequate response were lower with brodalumab compared with ustekinumab across all subgroups. cumulative treatment benefit was also higher for all subgroups treated with brodalumab compared with those treated with ustekinumab., conclusion: treatment with brodalumab was associated with higher levels of complete clearance and greater cumulative benefit over time compared with ustekinumab, in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis, regardless of prior treatment experience. copyright © 2021 the authors. journal of the european academy of dermatology and venereology published by john wiley & sons ltd on behalf of european academy of dermatology and venereology.
guselkumab induces robust reduction in acute phase proteins and type 17 effector cytokines in active psoriatic arthritis: results from phase 3 trials.$$$ objective: to investigate serum protein expression in participants with psoriatic arthritis (psa) and changes after guselkumab treatment., methods: participants with psa were treated with guselkumab or placebo in the discover-1 and discover-2 studies. serum levels of acute phase reactants c reactive protein (crp) and serum amyloid a (saa) and inflammatory cytokines/chemokines were measured at weeks 0, 4 and 24 in 300 study participants and 34 healthy controls (hcs). the psummit studies measured serum interleukin (il)-17a, il-17f and crp after ustekinumab treatment and levels with ustekinumab versus guselkumab treatment were compared., results: baseline serum levels of crp, saa, il-6, il-17a and il-17f were elevated in participants with active psa vs hcs (p<0.05, geometric mean (gm) >=40% higher). baseline t-helper cell 17 (th17) effector cytokines were significantly associated with baseline psoriasis but not joint disease activity. compared with placebo, guselkumab treatment resulted in decreases in serum crp, saa, il-6, il-17a, il-17f and il-22 as early as week 4 and continued to decrease through week 24 (p<0.05, gm decrease from baseline >=33%). at week 24, il-17a and il-17f levels were not significantly different from hcs, suggesting normalisation of peripheral il-23/th17 axis effector cytokines postguselkumab treatment. reductions in il-17a/il-17f levels were greater in guselkumab-treated versus ustekinumab-treated participants, whereas effects on crp levels were similar., conclusion: guselkumab treatment reduced serum protein levels of acute phase and th17 effector cytokines and achieved comparable levels to those in hcs. in participants with psa, reductions of il-17a and il-17f were of greater magnitude after treatment with guselkumab than with ustekinumab. copyright © author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. re-use permitted under cc by-nc. no commercial re-use. see rights and permissions. published by bmj.
a single-centre, observational, retrospective, real-life study evaluating adalimumab biosimilar abp 501 in the treatment of plaque-type psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis in originator-naive patients and in patients undergoing non-medical switch from originator.$$$ background: abp 501 is a biosimilar to the anti-tumor necrosis factor-alfa monoclonal antibody adalimumab and despite its effectiveness and safety in the treatment of psoriasis was demonstrated in randomized clinical trials, no real-life data are available, in particular in patients undergoing non-medical switch from originator to biosimilar., methods: we retrospectively searched our clinical records for all patients receiving abp 501 between march 10, 2019 and september 7, 2019 at our department. therefore, we identified 94 patients, 46 patients underwent non-medical switch from adalimumab reference product to abp 501., results: in originator-naive patients, mean pasi significantly improved from baseline to week 24 (p < .0001) in both pso and psa cohorts. in these patients, mean das-28 esr improved with no significant differences from baseline. in patients undergoing non-medical switch from adalimumab reference product to abp 501, no significant difference in pasi or das-28 esr were observed from week 16 before switch to week 24 after switch., conclusions: ab- 501 is an effective treatment for plaque-type psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis regardless if patients are originator-naive or if they were switched from the reference product.
efficacy of secukinumab and adalimumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis and concomitant moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from exceed, a randomized, double-blind head-to-head monotherapy study.$$$ background: secukinumab [an interleukin (il)-17a inhibitor] has demonstrated significantly higher efficacy vs. etanercept (a tumour necrosis factor inhibitor) and ustekinumab (an il-12/23 inhibitor) in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., objectives: to report 52-week results from a prespecified analysis of patients with active psoriatic arthritis (psa) having concomitant moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis from the head-to-head exceed monotherapy study comparing secukinumab with adalimumab., methods: patients were randomized to receive secukinumab 300 mg via subcutaneous injection at baseline, week 1-4, and then every 4 weeks until week 48 or adalimumab 40 mg via subcutaneous injection every 2 weeks from baseline until week 50. assessments in patients with concomitant moderate-to-severe psoriasis, defined as having affected body surface area > 10% or psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) >= 10 at baseline, included musculoskeletal, skin and quality-of-life outcomes. missing data were handled using multiple imputation., results: of the 853 patients [secukinumab (n = 426), adalimumab (n = 427)], 211 (24.7%) had concomitant moderate-to-severe psoriasis [secukinumab (n = 110, 25.8%), adalimumab (n = 101, 23.7%)]. up to week 50, 5.5% of patients discontinued secukinumab vs.17.8% in the adalimumab group. the proportion of patients who achieved american college of rheumatology (acr) 20 response was 76.4% with secukinumab vs. 68.3% with adalimumab (p = 0.175), pasi 100 response was 39.1% vs. 23.8% (p = 0.013), and simultaneous improvement in acr 50 and pasi 100 response at week 52 was 28.2% vs. 17.7%, respectively (p = 0.06). secukinumab demonstrated consistently higher responses vs. adalimumab across skin endpoints., conclusions: this prespecified analysis in psa patients with concomitant moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in the exceed study provides further evidence that il-17 inhibitors offer a comprehensive biological treatment to manage the concomitant features of psoriasis and psa. copyright © 2021 the authors. british journal of dermatology published by john wiley & sons ltd on behalf of british association of dermatologists.
il17a/f nanobody sonelokimab in patients with plaque psoriasis: a multicentre, randomised, placebo-controlled, phase 2b study.$$$ background: sonelokimab (also known as m1095) is a novel trivalent nanobody comprised of monovalent camelid-derived (ie, from the camelidae family of mammals, such as camels, llamas, and alpacas) nanobodies specific to human interleukin (il)-17a, il-17f, and human serum albumin. nanobodies are a novel class of proprietary therapeutic proteins based on single-domain, camelid, heavy-chain-only antibodies. we assessed the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of sonelokimab across four dosage regimens compared with placebo in patients with plaque-type psoriasis. secukinumab served as an active control., methods: this multicentre, randomised, placebo-controlled, phase 2b trial was done at 41 clinics and research sites in bulgaria, canada, czech republic, germany, hungary, poland, and the usa. participants (aged 18-75 years) with stable moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis (defined as an investigator's global assessment [iga] score of >=3, a body surface area involvement of >=10%, and a psoriasis area and severity index score of >=12) for more than 6 months before randomisation, who were candidates for systemic biological therapy were included. participants previously treated with more than two biologics or any therapy targeting il-17 were excluded. randomisation was stratified by weight (<=90 kg or >90 kg) and previous use of biologics. investigators, participants, and vendors remained masked for the duration of the study, with the exception of each site's study drug administrator (who did not complete any other assessments in the study) and a study monitor who only assessed drug preparation, administration, and accountability. the study sponsor remained masked until all week 24 data were clean and locked. participants were randomly assigned (1:1:1:1:1:1) using a centralised interactive response technology system to one of six parallel treatment groups: placebo group, sonelokimab 30 mg group, sonelokimab 60 mg group, sonelokimab 120 mg normal load group, sonelokimab 120 mg augmented load group, or secukinumab 300 mg group. all participants underwent a 4-week screening period, a 12-week placebo-controlled induction period, a 12-week dose maintenance or escalation period, and a 24-week response assessment or dose-holding period. during the placebo-controlled induction period (weeks 0-12), participants received either placebo (at weeks 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, and 10), sonelokimab 30 mg, 60 mg, or 120 mg normal load (at weeks 0, 2, 4, and 8), sonelokimab 120 mg augmented load (at weeks 0, 2, 4, 6, 8, and 10), or secukinumab 300 mg (at weeks 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, and 8), with placebo given at weeks 1, 3, 6, and 10 in the sonelokimab 30 mg, 60 mg, and 120 mg normal load groups, at weeks 1 and 3 in the sonelokimab 120 mg augmented load group, and at weeks 6 and 10 in the secukinumab 300 mg group. during the dose maintenance or escalation period (weeks 12-24), participants assigned to the placebo group received sonelokimab 120 mg (at weeks 12, 14, 16, and then every 4 weeks).
impact of biological agents on imaging and biomarkers of cardiovascular disease in patients with psoriasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.$$$ background: the effect of biologics on the risk for cardiovascular disease in patients with psoriasis is still unclear despite their widespread use., objective: the objective of this study was to examine the impact of licensed biological therapies on imaging and biomarkers of cardiovascular disease risk in patients with psoriasis by a systematic review and meta-analysis of placebo-controlled trials., methods: a comprehensive search of studies published before 1 june 2020 was performed in medline-ovid, embase, and central using a predefined strategy to identify relevant articles., results: five studies were included for the final examination, and two studies were included in the meta-analysis. we did not find a significant reduction in aortic vascular inflammation in patients treated with adalimumab compared with those who received placebo at weeks 12-16. there was no beneficial effect on imaging biomarkers (aortic vascular inflammation or flow-mediated dilatation) of cardiovascular disease risk in patients exposed to biological therapies (adalimumab and secukinumab) compared with those exposed to placebo, except for ustekinumab showing a reduction in aortic vascular inflammation at week 12 but not at week 52 after the open-label extension period. the strongest reduction in blood-based cardiometabolic risk biomarkers was observed with adalimumab (crp, tnf-alpha, il-6, and glyca) and phototherapy (crp and il-6) compared with that observed with placebo., conclusions: randomized controlled trials show that ustekinumab reduces aortic vascular inflammation and that tnf-alpha inhibitors and phototherapy reduce crp and il-6. these surrogate marker findings require randomized controlled trials evaluating cardiovascular events to inform clinical practice. copyright © 2021 the authors. published by elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
bimekizumab versus secukinumab in plaque psoriasis.$$$ background: bimekizumab is a monoclonal igg1 antibody that selectively inhibits both interleukin-17a and interleukin-17f. the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab as compared with secukinumab, which selectively inhibits interleukin-17a alone, in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis have not been extensively examined., methods: in this phase 3b trial, we randomly assigned patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, in a 1:1 ratio, to receive bimekizumab subcutaneously at a dose of 320 mg every 4 weeks or secukinumab subcutaneously at a dose of 300 mg weekly to week 4, followed by every 4 weeks to week 48. at week 16, patients receiving bimekizumab underwent rerandomization, in a 1:2 ratio, to receive maintenance dosing every 4 weeks or every 8 weeks to week 48. the primary end point was 100% reduction from baseline in the psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) score at week 16. the primary analysis was first tested for the noninferiority of bimekizumab to secukinumab at a margin of -10 percentage points and then tested for superiority., results: a total of 1005 patients were screened and 743 were enrolled.
bimekizumab versus adalimumab in plaque psoriasis.$$$ background: bimekizumab is a monoclonal igg1 antibody that selectively inhibits interleukin-17a and interleukin-17f. the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab as compared with the tumor necrosis factor inhibitor adalimumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis have not been extensively examined., methods: we randomly assigned patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in a 1:1:1 ratio to receive subcutaneous bimekizumab at a dose of 320 mg every 4 weeks for 56 weeks.
efficacy and safety of il-17 inhibitors for patients with psoriatic arthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ objective: the efficacy and safety of il-17 inhibitors for patients with psoriatic arthritis (psa) is still a controversial issue., materials and methods: we systematically searched medline, embase and cochrane for randomized controlled trials that compared il-17 inhibitors with placebo or tnf inhibitor adalimumab in patients with psa., results: eleven studies with 5327 patients were included in the meta-analysis. il-17 inhibitors were effective in achieving response rates of american college of rheumatology (acr) 20, acr50 and acr70 compared with the control group. the results of subgroup analyses showed that il-17 inhibitors had significant advantages in increasing the response rates of acr20, acr50 and acr70 over placebo. il-17 inhibitors did not show advantages in the responses of acr20 and acr50, but they were associated with a higher rate of acr70 when compared with adalimumab. the longer the follow-up time, the higher the response rates of acr20, acr50 and acr70 in il-17 inhibitors group. il-17 inhibitors treatment also significantly increased the rates of pasi75 and pasi90 compared with controls. additionally, il-17 inhibitors were associated with higher risks of any candida infections and injection site reactions and with a lower rate of allergic reactions or hypersensitivities compared with the control group., conclusions: this study provided a clear proof of beneficial effects of il-17 inhibitors in improving joint disease activity in patients with psa with an acceptable safety profile.
first-in-human study demonstrating the safety and clinical efficacy of novel anti-il-17a monoclonal antibody cjm112 in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ background and objective: anti-il-17a igg/kappa monoclonal antibody cjm112 binds both il-17a and il-17af. the purpose of this first-in-human study was to assess cjm112 effects on safety and efficacy in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis., methods: this study had two parts: single ascending doses of 5-450 mg subcutaneous (s.c.) cjm112 (sad) and multi-dose parallel groups of cjm112 15 mg, 50 mg and 150 mg s.c. low frequency or high frequency (md). sad/md were double-blind, randomized and placebo-controlled.
network meta-analysis of biologic treatments for psoriasis using absolute psoriasis area and severity index values <=1, 2, 3 or 5 derived from a statistical conversion method.$$$ background: in practice, the goal of treatment for patients with psoriasis is to achieve almost clear or clear skin and maintain disease control, regardless of baseline disease severity. however, identifying absolute psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) values for new treatment goals is challenging, as most clinical trials report relative pasi 50, 75, 90 or 100 improvements but rarely absolute pasi values achieved., objective: our objective was to illustrate a statistical conversion method that was developed to derive absolute pasi values from available clinical trial data on relative pasi improvements. the results of network meta-analyses (nmas) based on these derived data were then compared with those of nmas based on the corresponding relative pasi improvement data for selected biologics for moderate-to-severe psoriasis., methods: the pasi statistical conversion method was applied to relative pasi improvement data for 11 biologic treatment regimens and placebo at 12 weeks using data from 50 published studies. the respective proportions of patients reaching absolute pasi values <=1, 2, 3 or 5 were then calculated. frequentist nmas (rucker method) were subsequently used to compare efficacy results across relative and absolute pasi data., results: the ranking of included treatment regimens for patients achieving absolute pasi 0 to 8 was aligned with results for relative pasi scores (from 100 to 60) at end of induction therapy. across the range of pasi scores considered, the most effective treatment regimens based on both absolute and relative pasi nmas were brodalumab 210 mg every 2 weeks and ixekizumab 80 mg every 2 weeks, followed by guselkumab 100 mg every 8 weeks and risankizumab 150 mg every 12 weeks., conclusion: data generated using this mathematical model will be useful to inform ongoing scientific discussions on treatment goals in the absence of primary absolute pasi data for all available treatments for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. copyright © 2021 the authors. journal of the european academy of dermatology and venereology published by john wiley & sons ltd on behalf of european academy of dermatology and venereology.
azathioprine weekly pulse versus methotrexate for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis: a randomized controlled trial.$$$ background: methotrexate is the most commonly used drug in the treatment of psoriasis with good efficacy and safety. recently, weekly azathioprine pulse has been shown to be effective in this disease., aim: the aim of this study is to compare the effectiveness and safety of weekly pulse doses of azathioprine and methotrexate for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis., methods: in this randomized controlled trial, 80 patients with chronic plaque psoriasis were recruited. after detailed clinical and laboratory evaluation, patients were randomized to 2 groups to receive either weekly 300 mg azathioprine (n = 40) or 15 mg methotrexate every week (n = 40) for 20 weeks, following which the response to treatment and adverse effects were assessed. the patients were then followed up every 4 weeks for 3 months to determine any relapse., results: overall, 48 (60%) patients achieved pasi 75, while 36 (45%) and 59 (73.8%) patients achieved pasi 100 and 50, respectively. on intention to treat analysis, pasi >= 75 was achieved in 47.5% (19/40) patients in group 1 compared to 85% (34/40) patients in group 2 (p < 0.001). however, on per protocol analysis, pasi >= 75 was achieved in 86% (19/22) patients in group 1 and 92% (34/37) patients in group 2 (p = 0.497). minor clinical and biochemical adverse effects were noted in both the groups, which were comparable. one (7.7%) patient in group 1 and 4 (17.4%) in group 2 relapsed during follow-up., limitations: limitations of study include small sample size and short follow-up., conclusion: weekly azathioprine pulse appears to be beneficial in the management of chronic plaque psoriasis. however, it is less effective than weekly methotrexate. it can thus be of use as a therapeutic option in patients with contraindication to methotrexate or other similar agents in this disease.
systemic pharmacological treatments for chronic plaque psoriasis: a network meta-analysis.$$$ background: psoriasis is an immune-mediated disease for which some people have a genetic predisposition. the condition manifests in inflammatory effects on either the skin or joints, or both, and it has a major impact on quality of life. although there is currently no cure for psoriasis, various treatment strategies allow sustained control of disease signs and symptoms. several randomised controlled trials (rcts) have compared the efficacy of the different systemic treatments in psoriasis against placebo. however, the relative benefit of these treatments remains unclear due to the limited number of trials comparing them directly head-to-head, which is why we chose to conduct a network meta-analysis., objectives: to compare the efficacy and safety of non-biological systemic agents, small molecules, and biologics for people with moderate-to-severe psoriasis using a network meta-analysis, and to provide a ranking of these treatments according to their efficacy and safety., search methods: for this living systematic review we updated our searches of the following databases monthly to september 2020: the cochrane central register of controlled trials (central), medline, and embase. we searched two trials registers to the same date. we checked the reference lists of included studies and relevant systematic reviews for further references to eligible rcts., selection criteria: randomised controlled trials (rcts) of systemic treatments in adults (over 18 years of age) with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis or psoriatic arthritis whose skin had been clinically diagnosed with moderate-to-severe psoriasis, at any stage of treatment, in comparison to placebo or another active agent. the primary outcomes of this review were: the proportion of participants who achieved clear or almost clear skin, that is, at least psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) 90 at induction phase (from 8 to 24 weeks after the randomisation), and the proportion of participants with serious adverse events (saes) at induction phase. we did not evaluate differences in specific adverse events., data collection and analysis: several groups of two review authors independently undertook study selection, data extraction, 'risk of bias' assessment, and analyses. we synthesised the data using pair-wise and network meta-analysis (nma) to compare the treatments of interest and rank them according to their effectiveness (as measured by the pasi 90 score) and acceptability (the inverse of serious adverse events). we assessed the certainty of the body of evidence from the nma for the two primary outcomes and all comparisons, according to cinema, as either very low, low, moderate, or high. we contacted study authors when data were unclear or missing. we used the surface under the cumulative ranking curve (sucra) to infer on treatment hierarchy: 0% (treatment is the worst for effectiveness or safety) to 100% (treatment is the best for effectiveness or safety)., main results: we included 158 studies (18 new studies for the update) in our review (57,831 randomised participants, 67.2% men, mainly recruited from hospitals). the overall average age was 45 years.
effect of ixekizumab on patient reported outcomes and quality of life in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: 5-year results from the uncover-1 and -2 studies.$$$ objective: we describe patient-reported outcomes and quality of life through 5 years of treatment in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in the uncover-1 and -2 studies., methods: this analysis included patients who were randomized to ixekizumab every 2 weeks then received ixekizumab every 4 weeks during the maintenance period, and who achieved static physician global assessment (0,1) at week 12, completed week 60, and entered the long-term extension period (weeks 60264). outcomes measures included responses in itch numeric rating scale (nrs), skin pain visual analog scale (vas), and dermatology life quality index (dlqi) (0,1), and mean change from baseline in short form health survey (sf-36) mental (mcs) and physical component summaries (pcs), psoriasis skin appearance bothersomeness (psab), and work productivity activity impairment (wpai)., results: at week 264 in uncover-1 and -2, the observed itch nrs >=4 responses were 82.4% and 93.1%, respectively, the itch nrs=0 responses were 51.7% and 58.5%, respectively, the skin pain vas=0 responses were 59.3% and 63.1%, respectively, and the dlqi (0,1) responses were 75.0% and 88.1%, respectively. the observed mean changes from baseline at week 264 in uncover-1 and uncover-2 were 3.4 and 6.5, respectively, for sf-36 mcs, 4.4 and 4.8, respectively, for sf-36 pcs, and -21.3 and -22.0, respectively, for psab. wpai psoriasis item scores improved from baseline in both uncover-1 and -2., conclusion: ixekizumab provided clinically meaningful and sustained improvements in itch, skin pain, dlqi, psab, sf-36 pcs, sf-36 mcs, and wpai through 5 years of treatment in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. j drugs dermatol. 20(4):394-401. doi:10.36849/jdd.5821visit the jdd psoriasis resource center for more.
safety and efficacy of methotrexate (0.3 mg/kg/week) versus a combination of methotrexate (0.15 mg/kg/week) with cyclosporine (2.5 mg/kg/day) in chronic plaque psoriasis: a randomised non-blinded controlled trial.$$$ background: psoriasis is a chronic, inflammatory, relapsing and remitting disease with no cure till date. there is a paucity of trials using a combination of methotrexate (mtx) and cyclosporine (csa) in chronic plaque psoriasis, due to fear of added toxicity, although they are time tested treatment options for monotherapy., aims: the study aimed to compare the efficacy and adverse effect profile of the standard recommended dose of mtx (i.e. 0.3mg/kg/week) versus a combination of reduced doses of mtx and csa (i.e. mtx 0.15 mg/kg/week with csa 2.5mg/kg/day) in patients with chronic plaque psoriasis., methods: study design was a non-blinded randomised controlled trial. patients of chronic plaque psoriasis with pasi more than 10 were randomised in 1: 1 allocation to receive either 0.3 mg/kg/week of intramuscular mtx injection or a combination of 0.15 mg/kg/week of intramuscular mtx injection and 2.5 mg/kg/day of csa rounded off to the nearest 25 mg. patients were followed up at every 2 weeks for 12 weeks. the doses were kept fixed throughout the study period., results: a total of 66 patients received mtx monotherapy, whereas 67 patients received the combination. at baseline, both groups were comparable in their bsa (p = 0.105, student t-test) and pasi (p = 0.277, student t-test), which reduced significantly at 12 weeks in both groups (p < 0.001, paired t-test). the achievement of pasi-75 (p = 0.005), pasi-90 (p < 0.001) and pasi-100 (p = 0.001) was more in the combination group (chi square test). intention to treat analysis using chi square test also showed better outcomes for pasi-75 (p = 0.027), pasi-90 (p < 0.001) and pasi-100 (p = 0.001) in the combination group. combination group also had earlier onset of action (p = 0.001, chi square test). there was no significant difference between the groups in terms of laboratory and clinical adverse events., limitations: non-blinded, no comparison with csa monotherapy arm, no follow up beyond 12 weeks., conclusion: the combination of reduced doses of mtx and csa is more efficacious with earlier onset of action and similar adverse effects as with mtx monotherapy.
efficacy and safety of interleukin-17 inhibitors in the treatment of chronic rheumatic diseases: a combined and updated meta-analysis.$$$ what is known and objective: to assess the efficacy and safety of interleukin-17 inhibitors (ixekizumab, secukinumab, bimekizumab, netakimab and brodalumab) in chronic inflammatory rheumatic diseases, including ankylosing spondylitis (as) and psoriatic arthritis (psa)., methods: a comprehensive search for randomized controlled trials (rcts) evaluating efficacy and safety of interleukin-17 inhibitors was performed through pubmed, embase and cochrane library databases. quality assessment was performed using the cochrane collaboration risk of bias tool. data were pooled using the fixed or random-effects models., results and discussion: twenty rcts were identified: of these 9 studies on patients with as and 11 studies on patients with psa. concerning clinical efficacy, a pooled analysis showed interleukin-17 inhibitors had a higher response rate for the primary endpoint (p < 0.05) and secondary endpoint (p < 0.05) at the treatment endpoint for as/psa patients. moreover, an increased risk of treatment-emergent adverse events and infection was found in as patients (p < 0.05). in contrast, no increased risk of any adverse events was reported in psa patients., what is new and conclusion: in this meta-analysis, our findings found interleukin-17 inhibitors had a significant clinical benefit in the management of as/psa patients. copyright © 2021 john wiley & sons ltd.
secukinumab: a review in psoriatic arthritis.$$$ secukinumab (cosentyx r) is a fully human monoclonal antibody that selectively targets interleukin (il)-17a, a proinflammatory cytokine involved in the pathogenesis of psoriatic arthritis (psa). administered subcutaneously, the first-in-class anti-il-17 agent is approved in numerous countries worldwide for the treatment of adults with active psa. in the phase iii future trials, secukinumab 150 or 300 mg improved the clinical signs and symptoms of psa versus placebo in patients with active disease despite previous treatment with nsaids, biological disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (bdmards) and/or tumour necrosis factor inhibitors (tnfi). the benefits of secukinumab were seen regardless of whether or not patients had received previous tnfi therapy, and were maintained during longer term (up to 5 years) treatment. in future 1 and 5, secukinumab inhibited structural joint damage and was associated with sustained low rates of radiographic progression through 1-3 years of treatment. treatment with secukinumab improved physical function and health-related quality of life (hr-qol) and was generally well tolerated, both in the short- and longer-term. in the head-to-head exceed trial, secukinumab did not quite attain statistical significance for superiority versus adalimumab in the joint domain. in conclusion, secukinumab is effective across all key psa domains and is generally well tolerated, and thus represents a useful treatment alternative to tnfi and other bdmards in adult patients with active psa.
are biologics combined with methotrexate better than biologics monotherapy in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.$$$ to investigate if the combination of biologics with methotrexate (mtx) would have better performance than biological monotherapy in clinical efficiency and safety for the treatment of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis (psa), a systematic review of randomized controlled trials (rcts) searched from the pubmed, cochrane library, and embase was conducted. psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) responses (including pasi 50, 75, and 90), and proportion of patients with physician's global assessment scale (spga) scored 0 or 1, were used for psoriasis assessment. the american college of rheumatology (acr)20/50/70 responder indices were used to assess the efficiency for treating psa. the incidences of adverse events and antidrug antibodies' development were also recorded. a total of 15 studies with 4221 patients were included in this study. three of the 15 rcts were categorized as low risk of bias, nine studies as unclear, and three as high. significant greater improvement in the combination group than monotherapy group for psoriasis was observed at week 12, week 24, and week 48, with no increased risk of severe adverse events and drug withdrawals due to adverse events. there was no significant difference in the comparison of clinical efficiency for the treatment of psa at week 24. in conclusion, biologics plus mtx made better performance on improving the clinical efficiency for the treatment of psoriasis when compared with biologic monotherapy, without a difference in tolerability. however, this combination cannot improve the clinical efficiency of psa treatment and more studies are warranted to elucidate relevant problems. copyright © 2021 wiley periodicals llc.
treatment with sdz-adl, an adalimumab biosimilar, in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis, or psoriatic arthritis: results of patient-reported outcome measures from two phase iii studies (admyra and adaccess).$$$ background: sdz-adl (gp2017.
guselkumab: an anti-il-23 antibody for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ guselkumab, a subcutaneously administered fully human igg1lambda monoclonal antibody that selectively inhibits the p19 subunit of interleukin 23, is approved in both the usa and the eu for the treatment of adult patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. the efficacy and safety of guselkumab were demonstrated in four randomized, double-blind, phase iii trials (voyage 1 and 2, navigate, and eclipse), which demonstrated high levels of clinical response over three years of continuous treatment, regardless of sex, age, body weight, and race, maintaining a favourable safety profile and long-term tolerability. guselkumab was shown to be efficacious in patients with prior failure of other biologics, including adalimumab and ustekinumab, and was superior to both adalimumab and secukinumab in head-to-head trials. guselkumab efficacy was also observed in the treatment of psoriasis localized in difficult-to-treat body regions including the scalp, palms and/or soles, and fingernails. treatment with guselkumab improved health-related quality of life and patient-reported signs and symptoms. guselkumab has a consistently favourable safety profile and is well tolerated over the long-term. clinical development of guselkumab as a treatment is ongoing for other immune-mediated inflammatory diseases, including psoriatic arthritis, crohn's disease, and ulcerative colitis. in the overall management of patients with plaque psoriasis, guselkumab is a robust treatment option with durable maintenance of response over time.
comparative safety and benefit-risk profile of biologics and oral treatment for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a network meta-analysis of clinical trial data.$$$ background: the comparative safety and benefit-risk profiles of moderate-to-severe psoriasis treatment have not been well studied., objective: to compare the short-term (12-16 weeks) and long-term (48-56 weeks) safety and benefit-risk profiles of moderate-to-severe psoriasis treatments., methods: a systematic literature review of phase ii-iv randomized controlled trials of moderate-to-severe psoriasis treatments was conducted (cutoff: july 1, 2020). any adverse events (aes), any serious aes, and aes leading to treatment discontinuation were compared using bayesian network meta-analyses (nmas)., results: fifty-two and 7, respectively, randomized controlled trials were included in the short- and long-term nmas, respectively. in the short-term nma, the rates of any aes were the lowest for tildrakizumab (posterior median: 46.0%), certolizumab (46.2%), and etanercept (49.1%). the rates of any serious ae were the lowest for certolizumab (0.8%), risankizumab (1.2%), and etanercept (1.6%). the rates of aes leading to treatment discontinuation were the lowest for risankizumab (0.5%), tildrakizumab (1.0%), and guselkumab (1.5%). in the long-term nma, risankizumab had the lowest rates of all 3 outcomes (67.5%, 4.4%, and 1.0%, respectively) and the most favorable benefit-risk profile., limitations: the results may not be generalizable to real-world populations., conclusions: anti-interleukin 23 agents were associated with low rates of safety events. risankizumab had the most favorable benefit-risk profile in the long term. copyright © 2021 american academy of dermatology, inc. published by elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab in japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: results from a 64-week phase 3 study (resurface 1).$$$ tildrakizumab is a high-affinity, humanized immunoglobulin g1kappa, anti-interleukin-23p19 monoclonal antibody recently approved in japan for treatment of plaque psoriasis. we report results from japanese patients treated with tildrakizumab in the multinational, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled resurface 1 study (clinicaltrials.gov nct01722331). adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis were randomized (2:2:1) to receive subcutaneous tildrakizumab 100 or 200 mg or placebo every 12 weeks. placebo recipients were rerandomized to tildrakizumab 100 or 200 mg at week 12. the global study coprimary endpoints were the proportions of patients achieving 75% improvement from baseline psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 75) and physician global assessment (pga) response (0/1 with >=2 grade reduction from baseline) at week 12. analyses included 158 japanese patients randomized to tildrakizumab 100 (n = 64) or 200 mg (n = 62) or placebo (n = 32). japanese patients had higher mean baseline body surface area involvement and pasi versus all resurface 1 patients. at week 12, significantly more japanese patients receiving tildrakizumab 100 and 200 mg versus placebo achieved pasi 75 (54.7% and 54.8% vs 6.3%, respectively, both nominal p < 0.001) and pga 0/1 response (54.7% and 56.5% vs 9.4%, respectively, both nominal p < 0.001). response rates increased over time with maximal efficacy after 22-28 weeks.
guselkumab, an inhibitor of the il-23p19 subunit, provides sustained improvement in signs and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis: 1 year results of a phase iii randomised study of patients who were biologic-naive or tnfalpha inhibitor-experienced.$$$ objective: evaluation of the efficacy and safety of guselkumab, a human monoclonal antibody targeting the interleukin-23p19 subunit, in patients with psoriatic arthritis (psa) through 1 year., methods: adults who met classification criteria for psoriatic arthritis, with active disease (>=3 swollen and >=3 tender joints.
bimekizumab versus ustekinumab for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (be vivid): efficacy and safety from a 52-week, multicentre, double-blind, active comparator and placebo controlled phase 3 trial.$$$ background: there is an unmet need for a treatment for psoriasis that results in complete skin clearance with a reliably quick response. bimekizumab is a monoclonal igg1 antibody that selectively inhibits interleukin (il)-17f in addition to il-17a. we aimed to compare the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab with placebo and ustekinumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis over 52 weeks., methods: be vivid was a multicentre, randomised, double-blind, active comparator and placebo controlled phase 3 trial done across 105 sites (clinics, hospitals, research units, and private practices) in 11 countries in asia, australia, europe, and north america. adults aged 18 years or older with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (psoriasis area and severity index [pasi] score >=12, >=10% body surface area affected by psoriasis, and investigator's global assessment [iga] score >=3 on a five point scale) were included. randomisation was stratified by geographical region and previous exposure to biologics.
bimekizumab efficacy and safety in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (be ready): a multicentre, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomised withdrawal phase 3 trial.$$$ background: bimekizumab is a monoclonal igg1 antibody that selectively inhibits interleukin (il)-17f in addition to il-17a. this study investigated the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, the effects of treatment withdrawal, and two maintenance dosing schedules over 56 weeks., methods: be ready was a phase 3, multicentre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial done at 77 sites (hospitals, clinics, private doctor's practices, and dedicated clinical research centres) in nine countries across asia, australia, europe, and north america. adult patients aged 18 years or older with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis were stratified by region and previous biologic exposure, and randomly assigned (4:1) to receive bimekizumab 320 mg every 4 weeks or placebo every 4 weeks by use of interactive response technology. coprimary endpoints were the proportion of patients achieving 90% or greater improvement from baseline in the psoriasis area severity index (pasi90) and the proportion of patients achieving a score of 0 (clear) or 1 (almost clear) on the five-point investigator's global assessment (iga) scale at week 16 (non-responder imputation). bimekizumab-treated patients achieving pasi90 at week 16 were re-allocated (1:1:1) to receive bimekizumab 320 mg every 4 weeks, every 8 weeks, or placebo for weeks 16-56. efficacy analyses were done in the intention-to-treat population.
five-year efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis who respond at week 28: pooled analyses of two randomized phase iii clinical trials (resurface 1 and resurface 2).$$$ background: the phase iii resurface 1 and resurface 2 (nct01722331/nct01729754) trials of the anti-interleukin-23p19 monoclonal antibody tildrakizumab (til) for psoriasis treatment are complete., objectives: we present 5-year pooled data from resurface 1 and resurface 2., methods: resurface 1 and resurface 2 were double-blind, randomized, controlled studies with optional long-term extensions. adults with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis were randomized 2 : 2 : 1 to til 100 mg (til 100) or 200 mg (til 200) or placebo at weeks 0 and 4, and every 12 weeks thereafter [resurface 2 included an etanercept (etn) arm]. efficacy outcomes included proportions of patients achieving absolute and relative improvement from baseline psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) score through week 244 in til responders (>= 75% improvement from baseline pasi.
long-term efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab in japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: results from a 5-year extension of a phase 3 study (resurface 1).$$$ the three part, double-blind, randomized, controlled resurface 1 trial and extension study (nct01722331) evaluated efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab in adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. patients with >=50% improvement from baseline in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 50) following treatment with tildrakizumab 100 mg (til100) or 200 mg (til200) could enter the optional long-term extension study and continue treatment at the same dose for an additional 192 weeks. this subgroup analysis assessed the long-term efficacy and safety of tildrakizumab treatment for japanese patients enrolled in resurface 1 for up to 5 years of treatment. the primary efficacy outcomes were the proportions of patients who maintained pasi 75 and physician global assessment (pga) clear or minimal with >=2-grade reduction from baseline (pga 0/1) from base study week 64 to extension week 192. secondary outcomes were the proportion of patients who maintained pasi 90/100 from base study week 64 to extension week 192. adverse events (aes) were monitored throughout the study and for up to 20 weeks after the last study visit. of the 120 japanese patients who entered the resurface 1 extension study, 43 (79.6%) patients receiving tildrakizumab 100 mg and 58 (87.9%) patients receiving tildrakizumab 200 mg completed the extension study. of all japanese patients with pasi 75/90/100 and pga 0/1 at week 64, 85%/88% receiving til100/til200 maintained pasi 75, 70%/96% maintained pasi 90, 63%/67% maintained pasi 100, and 68%/72% maintained pga 0/1 at extension week 192. aes led to discontinuation in 1.7 patients per 100 patient-years (p100py) receiving tildrakizumab 100 mg and 0.8 p100py receiving tildrakizumab 200 mg. incidences of severe infections, malignancies, confirmed major adverse cardiac events, and hypersensitivity reactions were low in both treatment groups. through 5 years of treatment, tildrakizumab maintained efficacy and was well tolerated with low rates of aes of special interest. copyright © 2021 the authors. the journal of dermatology published by john wiley & sons australia, ltd on behalf of japanese dermatological association.
patient-reported outcomes data in patients with psoriatic arthritis from a randomised trial of etanercept and methotrexate as monotherapy or in combination.$$$ objectives: we examined patient-reported outcomes (pros) in the study of etanercept and methotrexate in patients with psoriatic arthritis (psa).
patient-reported outcomes with risankizumab versus fumaric acid esters in systemic therapy-naive patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a phase 3 clinical trial.$$$ background: in a phase 3 clinical study, patients from germany with moderate to severe psoriasis who were naive to systemic treatment and received risankizumab had greater and more rapid disease improvements compared with those who received fumaric acid esters (faes)., objective: to evaluate patient-reported outcomes (pros) in patients treated with risankizumab compared with faes., methods: adult patients were randomized 1:1 to receive either risankizumab 150 mg subcutaneous injections at weeks 0, 4 and 16 or faes (fumaderm r ) provided according to the prescribing label. pro secondary endpoints assessed were psoriasis symptom scale (pss), dermatology life quality index (dlqi), 36-item short form health survey, version 2 (sf-36v2), patient benefit index (pbi), hospital anxiety and depression scale (hads), patient global assessment (ptga) and european quality of life 5 dimensions 5 level (eq-5d-5l). pros were assessed at weeks 0, 16 and 24., results: sixty patients each were randomized to receive risankizumab or faes. a significant pss improvement was observed with risankizumab vs. faes at weeks 16 and 24 for total and psoriasis-associated redness, itching and burning scores (p < 0.001). dlqi scores were significantly lower (reflecting better health-related quality of life) with risankizumab vs. faes, with least squares (ls) mean differences of -7.4 and -7.6 at weeks 16 and 24, respectively (both p < 0.001). patients randomized to risankizumab also had larger improvements in sf-36 physical and mental component summary scores, hads anxiety and depression scores, ptga, and eq-5d-5l index and visual analogue scale scores (all p <= 0.002) at weeks 16 and 24 compared with faes. pbi was significantly higher, indicating greater benefit, with risankizumab vs. faes, with an ls mean difference of 1.1 and 1.3 at weeks 16 and 24, respectively (both p < 0.001)., conclusions: risankizumab provides significant benefits over faes in improving pros across several dimensions in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis. copyright © 2021 the authors. journal of the european academy of dermatology and venereology published by john wiley & sons ltd on behalf of european academy of dermatology and venereology.
comparative efficacy and safety of biologics in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a multiple-treatments meta-analysis.$$$ objective: to compare the efficacy and safety of biologics for patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis., methods: we systematically reviewed 60 randomized controlled trials (34,020 participants), which compared 14 biological drugs for treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. the main assessment criteria were >= 90 % reductions in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 90) and the number of patients who reported treatment-emergent adverse events (aes). secondary criteria were >= 75 % reductions in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 75), physician's global assessment 0/1 (pga 0/1) and infections., results: this network meta-analysis showed that biologics were significantly more effective than placebo. ixekizumab, risankizumab, and bimekizumab were among the most effective treatments, and tildrakizumab, guselkumab and risankizumab were better than the other drugs with respect to safety. risankizumab and guselkumab performed relatively stable with respect to both efficacy and safety. at the class level, blockers of interleukin (il)-17a showed favorable efficacy while inhibitors of the p19 subunit of il-23 were best tolerated of all efficient biologics., conclusions: ixekizumab was the most effective biologic in pasi 90, while il-23p19 inhibitors, risankizumab and guselkumab performed relatively stable with respect to efficacy and safety. copyright © 2020 deutsche dermatologische gesellschaft (ddg). published by john wiley & sons ltd.
efficacy and safety of brodalumab in the korean population for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized, phase iii, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.$$$ psoriasis, a chronic inflammatory skin disease, negatively impacts patients' quality of life (qol). this randomized, phase iii, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter study evaluated the efficacy and safety of brodalumab, a human anti-interleukin-17 receptor a monoclonal antibody, in korean patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. coprimary end-points were the percentage of patients with 75% or more improvement in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 75) and static physician's global assessment (spga) success (score 0/1) at week 12. secondary end-points included the percentage improvement from baseline in pasi score and proportion of patients with pasi 50/75/90/100 responses. qol was assessed with the dermatology life quality index (dlqi). eligible patients were randomized to receive brodalumab 210 mg (n = 40) or placebo (n = 22) every 2 weeks (q2w) at a 2:1 ratio for 12 weeks. subsequently, all patients entered an open-label extension phase and received brodalumab 210 mg q2w until week 62. at week 12, the proportion of patients who achieved the coprimary end-points, pasi 75 and spga success, was significantly higher in the brodalumab 210 mg q2w group compared with the placebo group (92.5% vs 0%). at week 12, the mean +/- sd percentage improvement in the pasi score was 96.87 +/- 6.01% in the brodalumab 210 mg q2w group, which was maintained until study end (week 64). pasi 50/75/90 responses were achieved by 100% of patients receiving brodalumab 210 mg q2w at weeks 6, 13, and 24, respectively.
secukinumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis and axial manifestations: results from the double-blind, randomised, phase 3 maximise trial.$$$ objectives: maximise (managing axial manifestations in psoriatic arthritis with secukinumab) trial was designed to evaluate the efficacy of secukinumab in the management of axial manifestations of psoriatic arthritis (psa)., methods: this phase 3b, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-centre 52-week trial included patients (>=18 years) diagnosed with psa and classified by classification criteria for psoriatic arthritis (caspar) criteria, with spinal pain visual analogue score >=40/100 and bath ankylosing spondylitis disease activity index (basdai) score >=4 despite use of at least two non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (nsaids). patients were randomised (1:1:1) to secukinumab 300 mg, secukinumab 150 mg or placebo weekly for 4 weeks and every 4 weeks thereafter. at week 12, placebo patients were re-randomised to secukinumab 300/150 mg. primary endpoint was asas20 (assessment of spondyloarthritis international society) response with secukinumab 300 mg at week 12., results: patients were randomly assigned.
methotrexate use for patients with psoriasis and risk of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma: a nested case-control study.$$$ an association between methotrexate use and risk of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma has been reported in patients with rheumatoid and psoriatic arthritis. a nested case-control study was performed to investigate if methotrexate use among patients with psoriasis was associated with increased risk of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. data were obtained from swedish registers and included 623 patients with psoriasis and a first cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma from 2010 to 2016. ten randomly selected patients with psoriasis were matched on age and sex to each case. among cases, 160 (26%) were ever-users of metho-trexate. the corresponding number among the controls was 1,370 (22%), yielding an unadjusted odds ratio (or) of 1.23 (95% confidence interval (95% ci) 1.02-1.49).
similar efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity of the biosimilar bi 695501 and adalimumab reference product in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: results from the randomized phase iii voltaire-pso study.$$$ background: bi 695501 is an approved biosimilar to humira r reference product (rp). research design and methods: in this randomized phase iii trial (voltaire-pso), patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis received bi 695501 or adalimumab rp (24-week treatment). primary efficacy endpoint: the proportion of patients with >=75% reduction in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 75) response at week 16 (+/-18% equivalence limits for two-sided 95% confidence interval between treatment groups). safety, pharmacokinetics, and immunogenicity were also assessed. results: baseline characteristics were balanced between treated groups (bi 695501, n = 159.
randomized trial replication using observational data for comparative effectiveness of secukinumab and ustekinumab in psoriasis: a study from the british association of dermatologists biologics and immunomodulators register.$$$ importance: treatments for psoriasis may be less effective in everyday practice than in clinical trials. emulating a target trial using data from the british association of dermatologists biologics and immunomodulators register (badbir) can provide treatment effect estimates that are robust and can inform both clinicians and regulatory bodies., objectives: to assess the comparative effectiveness of ustekinumab and secukinumab in patients with psoriasis, and to test whether the relative effectiveness estimate of the clear trial, a randomized clinical trial that compared secukinumab with ustekinumab for psoriasis, can be replicated., design, setting, and participants: this comparative effectiveness research study used a target trial emulation approach and was performed between november 2007 and august 2019. data were obtained from badbir, a multicenter longitudinal pharmacovigilance register of patients with moderate to severe psoriasis in the united kingdom and republic of ireland. participants had chronic plaque psoriasis, were 18 years or older, and had at least 1 record of a psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) of 12 or higher before their initiation to secukinumab or ustekinumab. propensity score (ps) 1:1 matched analysis and inverse probability treatment weighted analysis were performed., main outcomes and measures: the primary outcomes were the risk ratio (rr) and the risk difference (rd) for achieving pasi of 2 or lower after 12 months of therapy for secukinumab compared with ustekinumab. methods to account for missing outcome data were complete case analysis, nonresponder imputation, last observation carried forward, inverse probability of censoring weighting, and multiple imputation. regulatory and estimate agreement metrics were used to benchmark the effect estimates in this study against those in the clear trial., results: a total of 1231 patients were included in the analysis, with 917 receiving ustekinumab and 314 receiving secukinumab. secukinumab was superior to ustekinumab in all analyses, except under the nonresponder imputation method, in the proportion of participants achieving a pasi of 2 or lower (ps-weighted complete case analysis: rr, 1.28 [95% ci, 1.06-1.55].
long-term efficacy and safety of ixekizumab: a 5-year analysis of the uncover-3 randomized controlled trial.$$$ objective: to report the efficacy and safety of the approved ixekizumab (ixe) dose over 5 years from uncover-3 (nct01646177)., methods: patients (n = 1346) were randomized 1:2:2:2 to receive subcutaneous injections of placebo, etanercept 50 mg twice weekly, or ixe 80 mg every 2 weeks or every 4 weeks after an initial dose of ixe 160 mg, respectively. at week 12, patients entered the long-term extension period with dosing of ixe every 4 weeks and could escalate to every 2 weeks after week 60. efficacy was reported for the ixe every 2 weeks/every 4 weeks group of the intent-to-treat population. safety was reported for patients who received at least 1 dose of ixe every 2 or every 4 weeks., results: using modified nonresponder imputation, 78.8%/67.1%/46.2% of patients receiving the approved dose of ixe every 2 weeks/every 4 weeks (n = 385) achieved >=75%, >=90%, or 100% improvement from baseline in the psoriasis area and severity index, respectively, at week 264.
relative efficacy and safety of tofacitinib for treating psoriasis: a bayesian network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.$$$ objective: to assess the relative efficacy and safety of tofacitinib administration (5 and 10 mg) twice daily in psoriasis patients., materials and methods: randomized controlled trials (rcts) examining the efficacy and safety of tofacitinib in psoriasis patients were included in this network meta-analysis. a bayesian network meta-analysis was performed to combine the direct and indirect evidence from the rcts., results: five rcts, including 3,265 patients, met the inclusion criteria. the 75% or more reduction in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi75) response rate was significantly higher in the 10-mg tofacitinib group than in the placebo group (or, 20.53.
efficacy and safety of risankizumab in moderate to severe psoriasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ monoclonal antibodies are explored for their therapeutic potential in psoriasis. to evaluate risankizumab in the moderate to severe psoriasis with regard to efficacy, tolerability, and safety pubmed, cochrane central register of controlled trials (central) and clinicaltrials.gov, databases were searched for relevant rcts. the reference lists of relevant publications were also scanned manually to identify any further studies not indexed in the searched databases. only rct aiming to evaluate the role of risankizumab in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis were considered eligible for this systematic review. intervention group was patients taking risankizumab and placebo or other monoclonal antibody was considered as control group. cochrane review manager 5 (revman) version 5.3 was used for data synthesis and meta-analysis. quality assessment of included randomized controlled trials was done with cochrane collaboration risk of bias assessment tool, version 2.0 (rob-2). overall grading of evidence for study objectives was performed with grade pro gdt software. a total of seven studies were included in analysis with total of 1533 and 710 patients in risankizumab and standard care groups, respectively. statistically significant increase in percentage of individual achieving pasi90 (or = 11.01 (95% ci = 8.67-13.99), dlqi-01 (or = 6.95 (95% ci = 5.53-8.75), spga-01 (or = 14.22 (95% ci = 11.10-18.22).
a randomized controlled ixekizumab vs secukinumab trial to study the impact on sexual activity in adult patients with genital psoriasis.$$$ introduction: there is limited data on the effects of biologic therapies on genital psoriasis and sexual activity. recently, ixekizumab was reported to be effective. aim: to compare the efficacy of ixekizumab and secukinumab for the treatment of genital psoriasis and sexual inadequacy in adult patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. patients and methods: we assessed adult patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis having genital involvement. they were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive either ixekizumab (80 mg/2 weeks after 160-mg initial dose) or secukinumab (300 mg subcutaneous injection at weeks 0, 1, 2, 3, and 4 then every 4 weeks). the severity was assessed using genital psoriasis symptoms scale (gpss), and impact on sexual health by evaluating the massachusetts general hospital-sexual functioning questionnaire (mgh-sfq). results: twenty eight patients on ixekizumab, and 26 on secukinumab showed improvement in genital psoriasis symptoms, beginning week 2 (gpss total and individual items), and from week 4 onwards, improvement in sexual activity was seen with both drugs. conclusion: both genital psoriasis symptoms and impact on sexual activity improved rapidly and significantly with both the il-17 inhibitors. limitations included small number of patients and lack of follow-up period.
brodalumab in psoriatic arthritis: results from the randomised phase iii amvision-1 and amvision-2 trials.$$$ objective: to compare the efficacy and safety of brodalumab, an interleukin-17 receptor subunit a inhibitor, with placebo, in patients with psoriatic arthritis (psa)., methods: adult patients with active psa and inadequate response to, or intolerance to, conventional treatment were enrolled into two phase iii studies (nct02029495 and nct02024646) and randomised 1:1:1 to receive subcutaneous brodalumab 140 mg or 210 mg or placebo at weeks 0, 1 and every 2 weeks up to 24 weeks. about 30% of patients had prior use of biologics. the primary endpoint for both studies was the american college of rheumatology 20 (acr20) response at week 16., results: 962 patients were randomised across the studies prior to early termination due to sponsor decision. the primary endpoint was met in both studies. based on comparable design and eligibility criteria, data from both studies were pooled. significantly more patients achieved acr20 at week 16 in both brodalumab treatment groups (45.8% and 47.9% for 140 mg and 210 mg, respectively) versus placebo (20.9%) (p<0.0001). similar results were observed at week 24. significantly higher proportions of patients receiving brodalumab achieved acr50/70, psoriasis area and severity index 75/90/100 and resolution of dactylitis and enthesitis versus placebo (p<0.01). adverse event rates were similar across treatments at week 16 (54.4%, 51.6% and 54.5% for placebo, brodalumab 140 mg and 210 mg, respectively). no new safety signals were reported., conclusion: brodalumab was associated with rapid and significant improvements in signs and symptoms of psa versus placebo. brodalumab was well tolerated, with a safety profile consistent with other interleukin-17 inhibitors. copyright © author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. re-use permitted under cc by-nc. no commercial re-use. see rights and permissions. published by bmj.
efficacy and safety of guselkumab, an interleukin-23p19-specific monoclonal antibody, through one year in biologic-naive patients with psoriatic arthritis.$$$ objective: guselkumab, a human monoclonal antibody specific to interleukin-23p19, demonstrated efficacy and safety versus placebo through week 24 of the phase iii discover-2 trial in biologic-naive patients with psoriatic arthritis (psa). here we report 1-year discover-2 findings., methods: adults with active psa (>=5 swollen and >=5 tender joints.
twelve-week secukinumab treatment is consistently efficacious for moderate-to-severe psoriasis regardless of prior biologic and non-biologic systemic treatment: post hoc analysis of six randomised trials.$$$ background: the efficacy of biologic therapies is greater among biologic-naive vs. biologic-experienced psoriasis patients. however, little is known as to whether prior use of other systemic therapies impacts secukinumab efficacy in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis., objective: to investigate the impact of prior exposure to systemic therapies upon the efficacy and safety of secukinumab 300 mg for moderate-to-severe psoriasis., methods: post hoc analysis of six randomised controlled trials (rcts) comparing secukinumab with placebo, ustekinumab or etanercept at 12 weeks of treatment. data comparing secukinumab with placebo and ustekinumab were meta-analysed, while comparisons between secukinumab and etanercept were from a single rct. four subgroups of patients were assessed: (i) naive to non-biologic systemics (nbs) and biologics.
time to relapse after tildrakizumab withdrawal in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis who were responders at week 28: post hoc analysis through 64 weeks from resurface 1 trial.$$$ background: as treatment interruptions occur during psoriasis management in clinical practice, it is important to know the duration of clinical response after treatment withdrawal., objectives: to report time to and predictors of relapse in patients who were tildrakizumab 100 and 200 mg responders (>=75% improvement in psoriasis area and severity index, pasi 75) at week 28 re-randomized to placebo from resurface 1 trial., methods: post hoc analysis of adult patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis from a 64-week phase 3 trial. relapse was primarily defined as loss of pasi 75 response. both relapses defined as loss of pasi 90 and loss of absolute pasi < 2 response were included as sensitivity analyses. pasi 75, pasi 90 and pasi < 2 responders re-randomized to placebo at week 28 and followed up until week 64 were included. the kaplan-meier (km) estimates of the 64-week relapse rate were calculated. the log-rank test to compare km curves from responders to tildrakizumab 100 and 200 mg was used. independent predictors of relapse were explored., results: median time to loss of pasi 75/pasi 90/pasi < 2 response from week 28 was 142/111/112 days with tildrakizumab 100 mg and 172/140/113 days with tildrakizumab 200 mg, respectively (all not significant). around 20% of patients did not relapse (either maintained a pasi 75 response or were lost to follow-up) during the 36-week period. increase in body mass index (bmi) (hazard ratio, hr [95% confidence interval, ci] for loss of pasi 75 response: 1.0345 [1.0112-1.0582]) and increase in disease duration (hr [95% ci]: 1.0151 [1.0028-1.0275] for loss of pasi 75 response) were associated with an increased risk of relapse, regardless of the relapse definition., conclusions: when treatment is interrupted, tildrakizumab provides durable maintenance of efficacy with a median time to loss of pasi 75 response of 5-6 months, irrespective of the dose. interventions on modifiable risk factors for relapse, such as bmi, may improve personalized long-term psoriasis management. copyright © 2020 the authors. journal of the european academy of dermatology and venereology published by john wiley & sons ltd on behalf of european academy of dermatology and venereology.
a phase 4, randomized, head-to-head trial comparing the efficacy of subcutaneous injections of brodalumab to oral administrations of fumaric acid esters in adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (change).$$$ background: brodalumab is a fully human monoclonal immunoglobulin igg2 antibody that binds to the human il-17 receptor subunit a and by that inhibits the biologic action of il-17a, il-17f, il-17c and il-17e. therapy with fumaric acid esters (fae) is a well established and widely used first-line systemic treatment for subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., objectives: to compare brodalumab to fae in terms of clinical efficacy, patient-reported outcomes and safety in subjects with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who were naive to systemic treatment., methods: eligible subjects were randomized 1 : 1 to 210 mg brodalumab injections or oral fae according to product label in this 24-week, open-label, assessor-blinded, multi-centre, head-to-head phase 4 trial. the primary endpoints were having pasi75 and having spga score of 0 or 1 (spga 0/1). subjects with missing values for the primary endpoints were considered non-responders., results: a total of 210 subjects were randomized. 91/105 subjects completed brodalumab treatment and 58/105 subjects completed fae treatment. at week 24, significantly more subjects in the brodalumab group compared to the fae group had pasi75 (81.0% vs. 38.1%, p < 0.001) and spga 0/1 (64.8% vs. 20.0%, p < 0.001). in the brodalumab group, the median time to both pasi75 and to pasi90 was significantly shorter than in the fae group (4.1 weeks vs. 16.4 weeks, and 7.4 weeks vs. 24.4 weeks, respectively, p < 0.0001 for both). the rate of adverse events was lower in subjects treated with brodalumab compared to subjects treated with fae (616.4 vs. 1195.8 events per 100 exposure years). no new safety signals were detected for brodalumab., conclusions: brodalumab was associated with rapid and significant improvements in signs and symptoms of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, with a superior efficacy profile to what was observed with fae in systemic-naive subjects over 24 weeks. copyright © 2020 the authors. journal of the european academy of dermatology and venereology published by john wiley & sons ltd on behalf of european academy of dermatology and venereology.
pharmacodynamic analysis of apremilast in japanese patients with moderate to severe psoriasis: results from a phase 2b randomized trial.$$$ we evaluated the pharmacodynamic effects of apremilast in 69 patients who were included in biomarker subanalyses of a phase 2b study that demonstrated the long-term safety and efficacy of apremilast in japanese adults with moderate to severe psoriasis. the association between cytokine levels and psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) improvement was evaluated using linear regression and spearman's rank correlation coefficient analysis. at baseline, median plasma levels of interleukin (il)-17a, il-17f and il-22 were elevated versus reference values for healthy individuals, whereas tumor necrosis factor-alpha levels were close to normal. with apremilast 30 mg b.i.d., there were significant associations between percentage change in pasi score and percentage change in il-17a, il-17f and il-22 levels at week 16. findings demonstrate that the efficacy of apremilast in psoriasis is associated with inhibition of key cytokines involved in the pathology of psoriasis. copyright © 2020 the authors. the journal of dermatology published by john wiley & sons australia, ltd on behalf of japanese dermatological association.
a head-to-head comparison of ixekizumab vs. guselkumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: 24-week efficacy and safety results from a randomized, double-blinded trial.$$$ background: significantly more patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis treated with the interleukin (il)-17a inhibitor ixekizumab vs. the il-23p19 inhibitor guselkumab in the ixora-r head-to-head trial achieved 100% improvement in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 100) at week 12., objectives: to compare skin and nail clearance and patient-reported outcomes for ixekizumab vs. guselkumab, up to week 24., methods: ixora-r enrolled adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, defined as static physician's global assessment >= 3, pasi >= 12 and involved body surface area >= 10%. statistical comparisons were performed using the cochran-mantel-haenszel test stratified by pooled site. time-to-first-event comparisons were performed using kaplan-meier analysis, and p-values were generated using adjusted log-rank tests stratified by treatment group. cumulative days at clinical and patient-reported responses were compared by ancova. the trial was registered with clinicaltrials.gov (nct03573323)., results: of the 1027 patients randomly assigned, 90% completed the trial (465 of 520 ixekizumab and 459 of 507 guselkumab). as early as week 2 and through week 16, more patients on ixekizumab achieved pasi 100 (p < 0.01). at week 24, ixekizumab was noninferior to guselkumab (50% vs. 52%, difference -2.3%), with no statistically significant difference in pasi 100 (p = 0.41). more patients receiving ixekizumab showed completely clear nails at week 24 (52% vs. 31%, p = 0.007). the median time to first pasi 50/75/90 and pasi 100 were 2 and 7.5 weeks shorter, respectively, for patients on ixekizumab vs. guselkumab (p < 0.001). patients on ixekizumab also had a greater cumulative benefit, with more days at pasi 90 and 100, with dermatology life quality index of 0 or 1, and itch free (p < 0.05). the frequency of serious adverse events was 3% for each group, with no new safety signals., conclusions: ixekizumab was noninferior to guselkumab in complete skin clearance and superior in clearing nails at week 24. ixekizumab cleared skin more rapidly in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, with a greater cumulative benefit, than guselkumab. overall, the safety findings were consistent with the known safety profile for ixekizumab. copyright © 2020 the authors. british journal of dermatology published by john wiley & sons ltd on behalf of british association of dermatologists.
long-term efficacy of certolizumab pegol for the treatment of plaque psoriasis: 3-year results from two randomized phase iii trials (cimpasi-1 and cimpasi-2).$$$ background: certolizumab pegol (czp) is an fc-free, pegylated anti-tumour necrosis factor biologic., objectives: to report the 3-year efficacy of czp in plaque psoriasis, pooled from the cimpasi-1 (nct02326298) and cimpasi-2 (nct02326272) phase iii trials., methods: adults with moderate-to-severe psoriasis for >= 6 months were randomized 2 : 2 : 1 to czp 200 mg, czp 400 mg or placebo, every 2 weeks (q2w) for up to 48 weeks. patients entering the open-label period (weeks 48-144) from double-blinded czp initially received czp 200 mg q2w. patients not achieving >= 50% improvement in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 50) at week 16 entered an open-label czp 400 mg q2w escape arm (weeks 16-144). dose adjustments based on pasi response were permitted during open-label treatment. outcomes included pasi 75, pasi 90 and physician's global assessment (pga) 0/1 responder rates, based on a logistic regression model (missing data imputed using markov chain monte carlo methodology)., results: in total, 186 patients were randomized to czp 200 mg q2w and 175 to czp 400 mg q2w. at week 48, pasi 75/90 was achieved by 72.7%/51.3% of patients randomized to czp 200 mg and 84.4%/62.7% randomized to czp 400 mg. patients entering the open-label period at week 48, from blinded treatment, received czp 200 mg q2w. at week 144, pasi 75/90 was achieved by 70.6%/48.7% patients randomized to czp 200 mg and 72.9%/42.7% randomized to czp 400 mg. at week 16, 72 placebo-randomized patients entered the czp 400 mg q2w escape arm.
efficacy and safety of risankizumab vs. secukinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (immerge): results from a phase iii, randomized, open-label, efficacy-assessor-blinded clinical trial.$$$ background: patients with plaque psoriasis treated with biologic therapies need more efficacious, safe and convenient treatments to improve quality of life. risankizumab and secukinumab inhibit interleukin-23 and interleukin-17a, respectively, and are effective in adult patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis but have different dosing regimens., objectives: to compare directly the efficacy and safety of risankizumab vs. secukinumab over 52 weeks., methods: immerge was an international, phase iii, multicentre, open-label, efficacy-assessor-blinded, active-comparator study, in which adult patients with chronic, moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis were randomized in a 1 : 1 ratio to treatment with risankizumab 150 mg or secukinumab 300 mg. primary efficacy endpoints were the proportions of patients achieving >= 90% improvement from baseline in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 90) at week 16 (noninferiority comparison with margin of 12%) and week 52 (superiority comparison)., results: in total 327 patients from nine countries were treated with risankizumab (n = 164) or secukinumab (n = 163). risankizumab was noninferior to secukinumab in the proportion of patients achieving pasi 90 at week 16 [73.8% vs. 65.6%.
long-term safety of certolizumab pegol in plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis over 3 years from three phase iii, randomized, placebo-controlled studies.$$$ background: certolizumab pegol (czp) is an fc-free, pegylated anti-tumour necrosis factor biologic., objectives: to report 3-year safety data from three phase iii trials of czp in adults with plaque psoriasis., methods: data were pooled from cimpasi-1 (nct02326298), cimpasi-2 (nct02326272) and cimpact (nct02346240). included patients had moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis of >= 6 months' duration.
secukinumab shows high and sustained efficacy in nail psoriasis: 2.5-year results from the randomized placebo-controlled transfigure study.$$$ background: secukinumab, a fully human monoclonal antibody that selectively neutralizes interleukin-17a, a cornerstone cytokine in psoriasis, has shown long-lasting efficacy and safety in the complete spectrum of psoriasis manifestations., objectives: to report the long-term (2.5-year) efficacy and safety of secukinumab in nail psoriasis., methods: transfigure, a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, multicentre phase iiib study in 198 patients, investigated secukinumab 150 mg and 300 mg in patients with moderate-to-severe nail psoriasis., results: at week 16, the primary endpoint nail psoriasis severity index (napsi) was met, demonstrating superiority of secukinumab to placebo. the effect was sustained over 2.5 years with a large benefit for nail clearance, with mean napsi improvement of -73.3% and -63.6% with secukinumab 300 mg and 150 mg, respectively. at 2.5 years, secukinumab demonstrated sustained clinically significant reductions in total mean nail assessment in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis (nappa) quality-of-life (qol) scores of -52.4% and -18.1%, and 70% and 71% of patients achieved a weighted nappa patient benefit index global score of >= 2 with secukinumab 300 mg and 150 mg, respectively. patients showed considerable improvements in the euroqol 5-dimension health status questionnaire at 2.5 years, reporting a decrease in pain and discomfort. no new safety findings were observed., conclusions: secukinumab demonstrated strong and clinically meaningful efficacy for up to 2.5 years in nail psoriasis, with significant sustained qol improvements and a favourable safety profile. copyright © 2020 british association of dermatologists.
meta-analysis results do not reflect the real safety of biologics in psoriasis.$$$ background: in reported systematic reviews and meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (rcts) assessing treatments for psoriasis, the proportion of serious adverse events (saes) did not differ between treatments and placebo. including cases of psoriasis worsening as saes may explain the lack of difference., objectives: this systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to explore this possibility., methods: among the 140 rcts included in the living network cochrane review (last search on 8 may 2019), we selected those comparing a biologic treatment against placebo. the primary outcome was the numbers of saes in the treatment and placebo arms after excluding cases of psoriasis worsening. secondary outcomes were the number of adverse events (aes) of special interest. the trial was registered on prospero (crd42019124495)., results: we analysed 51 rcts. of these, 21 included at least one anti-tumour necrosis factor (tnf)-alpha arm, 15 one anti-interleukin (il)-17 arm, 11 one anti-il-23 arm and nine one anti-il-12/23 arm. with cases of psoriasis worsening included, the risk of occurrence of saes between biologic treatments and placebo did not differ: risk ratio (rr) 1.09, 95% confidence interval (ci) 0.88-1.36. after excluding cases of psoriasis worsening, the rr became significant (rr 1.30, 95% ci 1.02-1.65). by drug class, the rrs were for anti-tnf-alpha, 1.68 (95% ci 1.11-2.54.
disparate effects of adalimumab and fumaric acid esters on cardiovascular risk factors in psoriasis patients: results from a prospective, randomized, observer-blinded head-to-head trial.$$$ background: the effect of adalimumab and fumaric acid esters (fae) on the cardiovascular risk associated with psoriasis has only been investigated scarcely in randomized controlled studies., objective: the aim of this prospective, randomized controlled head-to-head trial was to compare the influence of adalimumab and fae on cardiovascular disease markers in psoriasis patients., methods: sixty-five patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis were randomly assigned to adalimumab or fae treatment for 6 months. cardiovascular haemodynamic parameters [flow-mediated dilation (fmd), nitro-glycerine mediated dilation (nmd) and carotid intima-media thickness (cimt), blood pressure] were assessed at baseline (v0) and after 6 months (v6). cutaneous disease severity, inflammatory and lipid cardiovascular risk markers were analysed at baseline(v0), after 3 (v3) and 6 months (v6)., results: after 6 months of treatment fmd in the adalimumab group increased significantly [v0 5.9% (6.4% sd), v6 8.0% (4.8% sd), p = 0.048) but not in the fae group. (v0 7.0% (4.1% sd), v6 8.4% (6.1% sd), p = 0.753]. this was paralleled by a significant decrease of high sensitive c-reactive protein (hscrp) in the adalimumab group in comparison to the fae group (v0: 0.39 mg/dl (0.38 sd), v6: 0.39 mg/dl (0.48 sd), p = 0.043). no significant changes were observed in any other haemodynamic parameters. fae, however, additionally decreased total cholesterol (p = 0.046) and apolipoprotein b (p = 0.041) levels compared to adalimumab. mean psoriasis area and severity index (psoriasis area severity score) reduction was greater but not significant (p = 0.116) under adalimumab treatment compared to fae treatment [-71.1% (29.9 sd) vs. -54.6% (45.7%)]., conclusion: in our study, both treatments were documented to exert effects on the cardiovascular system. while adalimumab showed anti-inflammatory effects and improved fmd, fae interacted favourably with the cholesterol metabolism. copyright © 2020 european academy of dermatology and venereology.
secukinumab maintains superiority over ustekinumab in clearing skin and improving quality of life in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: 52-week results from a double-blind phase 3b trial (clarity).$$$ background: secukinumab demonstrated superior efficacy over ustekinumab in the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis over 16 weeks in the clarity study and over 52 weeks in the clear study., objective: to compare the efficacy and safety of secukinumab vs. ustekinumab over 52 weeks in clarity., methods: analysis of 52-week data from clarity (nct02826603), a phase 3b study in which patients were randomized to receive secukinumab 300 mg (n = 550) or ustekinumab 45/90 mg (n = 552) per label., results: at week 52, secukinumab was superior to ustekinumab in the proportion of patients who achieved >= 90% improvement in psoriasis area and severity index (73.2% vs. 59.8%.
secukinumab rapidly improves eq-5d health status in patients with psoriasis: pooled analysis from four phase 3 trials.$$$ background: patients with psoriasis experience decreased health-related quality of life due to physical and psychological burdens., objective: to assess the effect of a highly effective psoriasis treatment (secukinumab) on domains of the 3-level euroqol 5 dimensions questionnaire (eq-5d-3l) in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis who reported problems at baseline., methods: this pooled analysis of four phase 3 clinical trials (erasure [nct01365455], fixture [nct01358578], feature [nct01555125], and juncture [nct01636687]) included patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis randomized to receive placebo or secukinumab 300 mg and who reported problems in the eq-5d-3l domains of mobility, self-care, usual activities, pain/discomfort, or anxiety/depression at baseline. percentage of patients reporting problems in each domain were compared at weeks 4, 8, and 12 between patients receiving secukinumab 300 mg and placebo., results: at baseline, 570 patients receiving secukinumab 300 mg and 579 receiving placebo reported >=1 problem in the eq-5d-3l domains. patients receiving secukinumab 300 mg reported improvements in all 5 domains at weeks 4, 8, and 12 compared with placebo (all p < .0001)., conclusion: these findings provide additional evidence of the quality-of-life impairment in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis and highlight the improvement across all eq-5d-3l domains among patients treated with secukinumab.
consistent response to guselkumab treatment between hispanic and non-hispanic patients with psoriasis: an analysis from voyage 1 and voyage 2.$$$ introduction: in voyage 1 (nct02207231) and voyage 2 (nct02207244), guselkumab, an interleukin-23 blocker, was safe and effective in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., methods: patients who self-identified as hispanic (n = 117) or non-hispanic (n = 1686) were randomized to guselkumab, placebo, or adalimumab. efficacy assessments included psoriasis area and severity index (pasi), investigator's global assessment (iga), and dermatology life quality index (dlqi)., results: at week 16, treatment differences for guselkumab versus placebo in the hispanic and non-hispanic populations were 67.4 (95% confidence interval 50.4, 84.4) and 77.2 (73.5, 80.8) percentage points for iga 0/1 and 59.2 (41.9, 76.4) and 69.2 (65.7, 72.7) percentage points for pasi 90, respectively. treatment differences for guselkumab versus adalimumab were 25.9 (6.5, 45.3) and 17.5 (12.8, 22.3) percentage points for iga 0/1 and 21.4 (-0.1, 42.9) and 23.5 (18.2, 28.9) percentage points for pasi 90, respectively. week 24 results were similar. adverse event frequency was greater in adalimumab- versus guselkumab-treated patients in the hispanic population only through weeks 16 and 28. in both populations, dlqi 0/1 responses were greater in guselkumab-treated versus placebo- and adalimumab-treated patients at week 16 and versus adalimumab-treated patients at week 24., conclusions: guselkumab safety and efficacy were consistent between hispanic and non-hispanic populations.
achievement of the national psoriasis foundation treatment targets with ixekizumab: pooled analyses from 4 clinical studies.$$$ background: the national psoriasis foundation (npf) published treatment targets for us patients with plaque psoriasis. however, data are lacking on how well existing therapies help achieve these goals., objective: to examine the ability of an interleukin 17 inhibitor, ixekizumab, in achieving these treatment targets., methods: post hoc analysis was performed on pooled data from 4 phase iii clinical trials assessing ixekizumab for plaque psoriasis: the uncover-1, -2, and -3 trials and the ixora-s trial. treatment response was evaluated using the npf-defined acceptable response (affected body surface area [bsa] of 3% or less or bsa improvement of 75% or higher at 12 weeks of treatment) and target response (bsa of 1% or less at 12 weeks and every 6 months thereafter)., results: in the uncover trials (n = 2701), acceptable and target response rates at week 12 were 73.9% and 51.8% with ixekizumab 80 mg every 2 weeks, 35.7% and 14.9% with etanercept 50 mg, and 3.0% and 0.6% with placebo, respectively. in the ixora-s trial (n = 302), acceptable and target response rates at week 12 were significantly higher with ixekizumab every 2 weeks versus ustekinumab (acceptable response 68.4% vs 38.6%, p < .0001.
a standardization approach to compare treatment safety and effectiveness outcomes between clinical trials and real-world populations in psoriasis.$$$ background: patients recruited in randomized controlled trials (rcts) for biologic therapies in psoriasis are not fully representative of the real-world psoriasis population., objectives: firstly, to investigate whether patient characteristics are associated with being included in a psoriasis rct. secondly, to estimate the differences in the incidence of severe adverse events (saes) and the response rate between rct and real-world populations of patients on biologic therapies for psoriasis using a standardization method., methods: data from the british association of dermatologists biologics and immunomodulators register (badbir) were appended to individual participant-level data from two rcts assessing ustekinumab in patients with psoriasis. baseline variables were assessed for association of being in an rct using a multivariable logistic regression model. propensity score weights were derived to reweigh the registry population so that variables had the distribution of the trial population. we measured the c-statistic of the model with trial status as the dependent variable, and the risk differences in the incidence rate of saes in the first year and psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) after 6 months in the badbir cohort before and after weighting., results: in total 6790 registry and 2021 rct participants were included. the multivariable logistic regression model had a c-statistic of 0.82 [95% confidence interval (ci) 0.81-0.83]. the risk differences for the incidence rate of saes and the proportion of patients with pasi < 1.5 were 9.27 (95% ci -3.91-22.5) per 1000 person-years and 0.95 (95% ci -1.98-4.15), respectively., conclusions: our results suggest that rcts of biologic therapies in patients with psoriasis are not fully representative of the real-world population, but this lack of external validity does not account for the efficacy-effectiveness gap. what's already known about this topic? patients with psoriasis who would not be eligible for randomized controlled trials (rcts) investigating biologic therapies have a greater risk of serious adverse events and lower treatment effectiveness than patients who would have been eligible. what does this study add? baseline patient characteristics were shown to be predictive of whether a patient would have been eligible for enrolment in an rct for psoriasis biologic therapy. we did not find any efficacy-effectiveness gap between the sample representative of the real-world population of patients with psoriasis and the sample representative of the rct population. factors outside of baseline patient characteristics, such as observer effect and higher adherence in rcts, may be more influential in any efficacy-effectiveness gap between trial and real-world populations of patients with psoriasis. copyright © 2019 the authors. british journal of dermatology published by john wiley & sons ltd on behalf of british association of dermatologists.
guselkumab efficacy after withdrawal is associated with suppression of serum il-23-regulated il-17 and il-22 in psoriasis: voyage 2 study.$$$ background: guselkumab selectively inhibits il-23 and in psoriasis, produces high clinical responses, including durable maintenance after treatment withdrawal in some patients. the relationships between il-23 blockade, serum markers downstream of il-23 signaling, and withdrawal were explored with guselkumab in voyage 2., methods: at week 28, patients with >=90% psoriasis area and severity index improvement from baseline (pasi 90) were rerandomized to withdrawal and received placebo (n = 182), or maintenance therapy (n = 193). the guselkumab withdrawal group reinitiated guselkumab upon loss of >=50% of week- 28 pasi improvement or by week 72. cytokine changes associated with psoriasis recurrence (serum il-17a, il-17f, il-22, and il-23) after withdrawal were evaluated., results: efficacy in the guselkumab maintenance group was sustained through week 72, whereas efficacy diminished in the guselkumab withdrawal group (pasi 90, 86.0% vs. 11.5%). after 20 weeks of retreatment, 80.4% of guselkumab withdrawal patients achieved pasi 90 responses versus baseline. maintenance of response after withdrawal was associated with suppression of il-17a, il-17f, and il-22. increases in cytokine levels had poor predictive power for psoriasis reoccurrence as these increases lagged behind increases in pasi scores., conclusion: upon guselkumab withdrawal, most patients lost clinical response and regained responses with retreatment. correlation of il-23 signaling serum cytokines increased with disease recurrence, supporting the role of il-23 in expansion and maintenance of cd4+ t helper type 17, t helper type 22, and related cd8+ t-cell subsets producing il-17a, il-17f, and il-22. copyright © 2019 the authors. published by elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
quality of life in psoriasis vulgaris: use of the itchyqol question-naire in a secukinumab phase iii trial in patients with psoriasis vulgaris.$$$ chronic pruritus is a bothersome symptom in psoriasis vulgaris and can profoundly reduce quality of life (qol). in this exploratory analysis of the psoritus study, the impact of pruritus on qol in 130 subjects with moderate-to-severe psoriasis was assessed using the itchyqol questionnaire. the majority of patients (n = 127) had to scratch their itchy skin regularly, which led to painful skin and frustration (mean +/- standard deviation.
secukinumab demonstrates superior efficacy and a faster response in clearing skin in asian subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis compared with ustekinumab: subgroup analysis from the clear study.$$$ the 52-week results from the clear (nct02074982) study showed high and superior efficacy of secukinumab versus ustekinumab in clearing skin and improving patient-reported outcomes, with comparable safety profile in subjects with moderate to severe psoriasis. here, we analyzed the efficacy and safety of secukinumab in asian subjects from the clear study. in this double-blind, phase iiib study, eligible subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis were randomized (1:1) to receive s.c. injection of secukinumab 300 mg or ustekinumab as per label. of 62 subjects included in asian subanalyses, 23 were randomized to secukinumab and 39 to ustekinumab. a significantly higher proportion of subjects achieved 90% or more improvement in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 90) with secukinumab versus ustekinumab at week 16 (78.3% vs 35.9%, p = 0.0010) and at week 52 (60.9% vs 33.3%, p = 0.0196). similarly, a higher proportion of subjects achieved pasi 100 with secukinumab versus ustekinumab at week 16 (43.5% vs 10.3%, p = 0.0029) and at week 52 (30.4% vs 12.8%, p = 0.0704). the median time to achieve 50% improvement in baseline pasi was 2.8 weeks in the secukinumab group versus 6.3 weeks in the ustekinumab group. the safety profile of secukinumab was in line with the known profile and no deaths occurred. overall, 95.7% and 84.6% of subjects remained on secukinumab and ustekinumab, respectively. similar to the core study, secukinumab showed sustained and superior efficacy with faster response versus ustekinumab, and no new or unexpected safety concerns were identified, in asian subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. copyright © 2019 japanese dermatological association.
adalimumab for nail psoriasis: efficacy and safety over 52 weeks from a phase-3, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.$$$ background: few clinical trials have evaluated long-term treatment of nail psoriasis with biologics., objective: safety and efficacy of adalimumab [ada.
latin american clinical practice guidelines on the systemic treatment of psoriasis solapso - sociedad latinoamericana de psoriasis (latin american psoriasis society).$$$ this clinical practice guideline on the systemic treatment of psoriasis includes the recommendations elaborated by a panel of experts from the latin american psoriasis society solapso, who assessed the quality of the available evidence using the grade system and the pico process to guide the literature search. to answer each question, the experts discussed the results of randomized controlled trials, observational studies and metanalysis evaluating the interventions identified (non-biologics, biologics and phototherapy) in different populations of patients with moderate to severe plaque-psoriasis, which was summarized in tables ad-hoc. the main end-points considered to assess efficacy were pasi 50, 75, 90 and 100, pga 0-1 and significant improvement of health-related quality of life. specific adverse events, either severe or leading to treatment interruption, were also evaluated. the 31 recommendations included in this cpg follow the structure proposed by grade: direction (for or against) and strength (strong or weak). the goal of this cpg is to improve the management of patients with psoriasis by recommending interventions of proved benefit and providing a reference standard for the treating physician. adhering to the contents of this cpg does not guarantee therapeutic success. the final decision on the specific treatment is the responsibility of the physician based on the individual circumstances and considering the values, the preferences and the opinions of the patient or caregivers. copyright © 2019 the international society of dermatology.
risankizumab compared with adalimumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (immvent): a randomised, double-blind, active-comparator-controlled phase 3 trial.$$$ background: psoriasis is an autoimmune disease that affects approximately 100 million people worldwide, and is a disease that can be ameliorated by anti-cytokine treatment. we aimed to compare the efficacy and safety of risankizumab with adalimumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., methods: immvent was a phase 3, randomised, double-blind, active-comparator-controlled trial completed at 66 clinics in 11 countries. eligible patients were aged 18 years or older with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis. patients were randomly assigned 1:1 using interactive response technology to receive 150 mg risankizumab subcutaneously at weeks 0 and 4 or 80 mg adalimumab subcutaneously at randomisation, then 40 mg at weeks 1, 3, 5, and every other week thereafter during a 16-week double-blind treatment period (part a). for weeks 16-44 (part b), adalimumab intermediate responders were re-randomised 1:1 to continue 40 mg adalimumab or switch to 150 mg risankizumab. in part a, participants and investigators were masked to study treatment. randomisation was stratified by weight and previous tumour necrosis factor inhibitor exposure. co-primary endpoints in part a were a 90% improvement from baseline (pasi 90) and a static physician's global assessment (spga) score of 0 or 1 at week 16, and for part b was pasi 90 at week 44 (non-responder imputation). efficacy analyses were done in the intention-to-treat population and safety analyses were done in the safety population (all patients who received at least one dose of study drug or placebo). this study is registered with clinicaltrials.gov, number nct02694523., findings: between march 31, 2016, and aug 24, 2017, 605 patients were randomly assigned to receive either risankizumab (n=301, 50%) or adalimumab (n=304, 50%). 294 (98%) of patients in the risankizumab group and 291 (96%) in the adalimumab group completed part a, and 51 (96%) of 53 patients re-randomised to risankizumab and 51 (91%) of 56 patients re-randomised to continue adalimumab completed part b. at week 16, pasi 90 was achieved in 218 (72%) of 301 patients given risankizumab and 144 (47%) of 304 patients given adalimumab (adjusted absolute difference 24.9% [95% ci 17.5-32.4].
absolute and relative psoriasis area and severity indices (pasi) for comparison of the efficacy of ixekizumab to etanercept and placebo in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: an integrated analysis of uncover-2 and uncover-3 outcomes.$$$ treatment goals defined by the absolute psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) scores offer certain advantages in the clinical setting. in order to investigate potential treatment targets, this study evaluated absolute pasi outcomes relative to other measures of response using data from two randomized clinical trials of patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated with ixekizumab, etanercept, or placebo (n=2,567). response was assessed throughout 12 weeks as the proportion of patients achieving absolute pasi band cut-offs who also reached established response criteria. most pasi band <=2 responders also achieved pasi 90 (70.1-100%), static physician's global assessment (0,1) (91.3-96.1%), dermatology life quality index (0,1) (63.0-67.7%), patient global assessment of disease severity (0,1) (80.3-86.7%), and itch numeric rating scale improvement >=4 (87.2-87.6%). agreement sharply decreased for less stringent pasi criteria. these data indicate that pasi <=2 represents significantly meaningful clinical and health-related quality of life improvements and may be a suitable treatment target for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
efficacy and safety of risankizumab in japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: results from the sustaimm phase 2/3 trial.$$$ risankizumab, a humanized immunoglobulin g1 monoclonal antibody, selectively inhibits interleukin-23, a key cytokine in the pathogenesis of psoriasis, by binding to its p19 subunit. in sustaimm (clinicaltrials.gov/nct03000075), a phase 2/3, double-blinded, placebo-controlled study, japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (n = 171) were stratified by bodyweight and concomitant psoriatic arthritis and randomized 2:2:1:1 to 75 mg risankizumab, 150 mg risankizumab, placebo with cross-over to 75 mg risankizumab and placebo with cross-over to 150 mg risankizumab. dosing was at weeks 0, 4, 16, 28 and 40, with placebo cross-over to risankizumab at week 16. the primary end-point was 90% or more improvement from baseline in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi-90) at week 16 for risankizumab versus placebo. missing data were imputed as non-response. all primary and psoriasis-related secondary end-points were met for both risankizumab doses (p < 0.001). at week 16, pasi-90 responses were significantly higher in patients receiving 75 mg (76%) or 150 mg (75%) risankizumab versus placebo (2%). corresponding response rates were 86%, 93% and 10% for static physician global assessment (spga) score of clear/almost clear.
cost per response for guselkumab versus adalimumab in the united states using data from a head-to-head trial in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ aims: to estimate annual cost per response (cpr) in the us and number needed to treat (nnt) among patients receiving guselkumab or adalimumab treatment for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (pso). materials and methods: results from voyage 1, a double-blind, placebo-controlled, head-to-head, 48-week study of guselkumab compared with adalimumab in patients with moderate-to-severe pso were used to estimate annual cpr for psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) 75, 90, and 100 responses. drug dosing followed us label recommendations and drug costs were based on us annual wholesale acquisition costs. number needed to treat (nnt) and annual cpr analyses were estimated, and week 48 response rates were assumed to be maintained for both the induction and maintenance years. results: week-48 pasi 90 response rates were 76.3% for guselkumab and 47.9% for adalimumab. the cpr for pasi 90 in the induction year for guselkumab was $113,861 vs $151,226 for adalimumab. both drugs had lower cprs for pasi 90 in the maintenance year: $85,395 for guselkumab and $140,424 for adalimumab for adalimumab. the nnt for a pasi 90 response was 1.3 for guselkumab and 2.1 for adalimumab.
a review of the totality of evidence supporting the development of the first adalimumab biosimilar abp 501.$$$ abp 501 [united states: amjevita tm (adalimumab-atto).
patient-reported outcomes of adalimumab, phototherapy, and placebo in the vascular inflammation in psoriasis trial: a randomized controlled study.$$$ background: there are limited data about the impact of narrowband ultraviolet b phototherapy on patient-reported measures of health-related quality of life., objective: to evaluate the impact of adalimumab and phototherapy on health-related quality of life., methods: we examined patient-reported outcomes from a multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled trial (clinicaltrials.gov no. nct01553058). the dermatology life quality index and eq-5d-3l were evaluated every 4 weeks., results: we enrolled 97 patients: 30.9% were female, mean age was 43.5 years (standard deviation, 14.0), and median psoriasis area and severity index score was 16.7 (interquartile range, 13.9-21.6). at week 12, patients being treated with adalimumab (odds ratio [or], 2.88.
efficacy and safety of etanercept combined plus methotrexate and comparison of expression of pro-inflammatory factors expression for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ etanercept has greatly improved management considerably. however, the efficacy and safety of combination therapy with methotrexate and the mechanism of action are not known. we aimed to describe the use of combined therapy of etanercept and methotrexate against moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in a chinese population. we also wished to study the changes in expression of pro-inflammatory factors in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (pbmcs) and serum after the treatment to ascertain the mechanism of action. thirty patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis were assigned into a monotherapy group and combination group randomly and equally. all patients received etanercept (50mg, s.c., weekly), whereas patients in the combination group also received oral methotrexate (7.5-15mg, p.o., weekly). serum levels of interleukin (il)-17a, il-23, tumor necrosis factor (tnf)-alpha and their mrna expressions in pbmcs were measured by elisa and qrt-pcr. in the monotherapy group, psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) 50/75/90 responses were achieved by 86.7/66.7/40% after 24weeks of treatment whereas, in the combination group, they were achieved by 93.3/80/60%, respectively. although the overall prevalence of adverse effects (aes) was higher in the combination group (60%) than in the monotherapy group (33.3%), the aes were mild to moderate. the serum levels of il-17a, il-23, tnf-alpha, il-33 and their mrna expression in the pbmcs of the two groups were significantly higher than those of healthy controls (p<0.05). compared with the monotherapy group, serum levels of il-17a, il-23, tnf-alpha and their mrna expression in pbmcs were decreased significantly in the combination group (p<0.05). these data suggest that the efficacy of etanercept could be improved upon combination with methotrexate in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis without increasing the risk of serious aes. the mechanism of action might be associated with down-regulation of il-17a, il-23, and tnf-alpha. copyright © 2019 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
exploration of the product of the 5-point investigator's global assessment and body surface area (iga x bsa) as a practical minimal disease activity goal in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.$$$ background/aims: in the treat-to-target era, psoriasis disease activity measures that can be easily performed in routine clinical practice are needed. this retrospective pooled analysis explored cutoff values of the product of the 5-point investigator's global assessment and percentage of affected body surface area (iga x bsa) correlating with achievement of minimal disease activity (mda)., methods: post hoc analysis of the phase 3 clinical trials erasure, fixture, feature, and juncture was conducted to determine associations between iga x bsa and 2 mda definitions (psoriasis area and severity index [pasi] 90 and dermatology life quality index [dlqi] 0/1, or pasi score <=1 or bsa <3%) in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis receiving secukinumab 300 mg. for each definition of mda, a range of possible cutoff values of iga x bsa was examined at each time point. the optimal cutoff value was determined using youden index (yi), calculated as (sensitivity + specificity - 1)., results: for mda defined as pasi 90 and dlqi 0/1, optimal iga x bsa cutoffs were 2.10 at week 12 (yi, 0.60.
il-17a inhibition by secukinumab induces early clinical, histopathologic, and molecular resolution of psoriasis.$$$ background: hyperactivity of the il-23/il-17 axis is central to plaque psoriasis pathogenesis. secukinumab, a fully human mab that selectively inhibits il-17a, is approved for treatment of psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis. secukinumab improves the complete spectrum of psoriasis manifestations, with durable clinical responses beyond 5 years of treatment. in the feed-forward model of plaque chronicity, il-17a has been hypothesized as the key driver of pathogenic gene expression by lesional keratinocytes, but in vivo evidence in human subjects is lacking., methods: we performed a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study (nct01537432) of patients receiving secukinumab at the clinically approved dose up to 12 weeks. we then correlated plaque and nonlesional skin transcriptomic profiles with histopathologic and clinical measures of efficacy., results: after 12 weeks of treatment, secukinumab reversed plaque histopathology in the majority of patients and modulated thousands of transcripts. suppression of the il-23/il-17 axis by secukinumab was evident at week 1 and continued through week 12, including reductions in levels of the upstream cytokine il-23, the drug target il-17a, and downstream targets, including beta-defensin 2. suppression of the il-23/il-17 axis by secukinumab at week 4 was associated with clinical and histologic responses at week 12. secukinumab did not affect ex vivo t-cell activation, which is consistent with its favorable long-term safety profile., conclusion: our data suggest that il-17a is the critical node within the multidimensional pathogenic immune circuits that maintain psoriasis plaques and that early reduction of il-17a-dependent feed-forward transcripts synthesized by hyperplastic keratinocytes favors plaque resolution. copyright © 2019 the authors. published by elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
the contribution of joint and skin improvements to the health-related quality of life of patients with psoriatic arthritis: a post hoc analysis of two randomised controlled studies.$$$ objective: determine the contribution of joint and skin improvements to health-related quality of life (hrqol) in patients with psoriatic arthritis (psa)., methods: spirit-p1 and spirit-p2 are phase 3 trials investigating ixekizumab, an interleukin-17a antagonist, in the treatment of patients with active psa. patients were randomised to ixekizumab or placebo. outcomes included the disease activity index for psoriatic arthritis (dapsa), the psoriasis area and severity index (pasi), the european quality of life-five dimensions (eq-5d) visual analogue score (vas), the 36-item short-form health survey (sf-36) and the work productivity and activity impairment (wpai) questionnaire. the contribution of joint and skin improvements to hrqol was modelled using a smoothing spline method and depicted with response surface graphics., results: in this integrated analysis, 402 patients with psa had baseline psoriasis of >=3% of body surface area. we applied response surface modelling to this patient data set to investigate the relationship between dapsa, pasi and hrqol improvements at week 24. the greatest improvement in eq-5d vas was associated with the largest per cent improvements in both dapsa and pasi together, rather than dapsa or pasi alone. similar observations were made in domains of sf-36 and wpai., conclusion: optimal improvements in patients' hrqol were dependent on successful treatment of both joint and skin symptoms. copyright © author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. re-use permitted under cc by-nc. no commercial re-use. see rights and permissions. published by bmj.
safety of selective il-23p19 inhibitors for the treatment of psoriasis.$$$ psoriasis is a chronic disease that requires long-term treatment. consequently, understanding the safety and tolerability of any potential treatment over time is critical to effective prescribing. the biologic agents currently available for the treatment of psoriasis target a number of different inflammatory cytokines involved in psoriasis disease pathogenesis. the monoclonal antibodies tildrakizumab, guselkumab and risankizumab target the p19 subunit that is specific to interleukin (il)-23. this article reviews published data on the safety of these il-23p19 inhibitors in patients with psoriasis compared with other currently available biologic therapies. data from randomized, placebo- and active-controlled phase 3 clinical trials show tildrakizumab, guselkumab and risankizumab to have a favourable risk-benefit profile in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis. no significant safety concerns have been observed for any of these il-23p19 inhibitors in the data published to date. the most commonly reported adverse events (aes) associated with these agents in phase 3 studies were upper respiratory tract infections. no increase was seen in rates of serious infections, malignancies or major adverse cardiovascular events, with no signals suggestive of an elevated risk of opportunistic infections, active tuberculosis or reactivation of latent tuberculosis infection, mucocutaneous candida infections, triggering or worsening of inflammatory bowel disease, demyelinating disorders or suicidal ideation. selectively targeting il-23p19 may help avoid aes that have been associated with biologic agents with other mechanisms of action. data from long-term extension studies and patient registries will further establish the safety profile of il-23p19 inhibitors for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis in routine practice. copyright © 2019 the authors. journal of the european academy of dermatology and venereology published by john wiley & sons ltd on behalf of european academy of dermatology and venereology.
long-term safety of secukinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis: integrated pooled clinical trial and post-marketing surveillance data.$$$ background: secukinumab, a fully human immunoglobulin g1-kappa monoclonal antibody that directly inhibits interleukin (il)-17a, has been shown to have robust efficacy in the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis (pso), psoriatic arthritis (psa), and ankylosing spondylitis (as) demonstrating a rapid onset of action and sustained long-term clinical responses with a consistently favorable safety profile in multiple phase 2 and 3 trials. here, we report longer-term pooled safety and tolerability data for secukinumab across three indications (up to 5 years of treatment in pso and psa.
a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 1 study of multiple ascending doses of subcutaneous m1095, an anti-interleukin 17a/f nanobody, in moderate-to-severe psoriasis.$$$ background: interleukin 17 is involved in the pathogenesis of psoriasis, a chronic debilitating disease., objectives: to evaluate the safety/tolerability, immunogenicity, pharmacokinetics/pharmacodynamics, and efficacy of m1095, an anti-interleukin 17a/f nanobody, in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., methods: this multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled dose escalation phase 1 study randomized 44 patients 4:1 to treatment with subcutaneous m1095 (30, 60, 120, or 240 mg) or placebo biweekly for 6 weeks, in 4 ascending dose cohorts., results: the most frequent treatment-emergent adverse events with m1095 were pruritus (n = 4) and headache (n = 3).
tildrakizumab: a review in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ tildrakizumab (tildrakizumab-asmn in the usa) [ilumetri r.
[study on clinical efficacy and mechanism of qingying tang for treating psoriatic blood-heat syndrome based on il-23/th17].$$$ to observe the clinical curative effect of qingying tang in the treatment of psoriatic blood-heat syndrome and explore its intrinsic mechanism. in this study,we collected 72 patients with blood-heat syndrome psoriasis admitted to our dermatology clinic from january 2016 to december 2017 and divided into control group and observation group according to the random number table method,36 cases in each group. the patients in control group were given with acitretin capsules orally,10 mg/time,twice a day. the patients in observation group were given with qingying tang orally,150 ml/time,twice a day. the treatment period was 12 weeks in both groups. the traditional chinese medicine(tcm) syndrome scores before and after treatment,psoriasis area and severity index(pasi) score,dermatology life quality index(dlqi) score,and the clinical efficacy of the two groups were compared between the two groups.
a cost-per-number needed to treat analysis assessing the efficiency of biologic drugs in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ background and objectives: psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease with an estimated prevalence in spain of 2.3% of the population. approximately 30% of patients have moderate-to-severe forms. treatment with biologic agents is proving to be a step forward in the management of the disease, although these treatments are very expensive. the objective of this study was to determine the efficiency, in terms of cost per number needed to treat (nnt), of the biologic drugs available in spain for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis., methods: nnt data were obtained from a network meta-analysis that included all randomized clinical trials of biologic drugs sold in spain. the cost of each treatment was calculated based on the approved dosage for the first year of treatment, as indicated in the summary of product characteristics. these data were used to calculate the cost per nnt of the drugs for various pasi scores (75, 90, and 100). a sensitivity analysis was performed taking into consideration only the pasi-response measurement time (after 10, 12, or 16 weeks, depending on the drug)., results: the order of efficiency, from most to least efficient, in the case of a pasi 75 response was ixekizumab > ustekinumab 45mg > ustekinumab 90mg > secukinumab > infliximab > etanercept > adalimumab. the order for pasi 90 was ixekizumab >secukinumab >ustekinumab 45mg > ustekinumab 90mg > infliximab > adalimumab > etanercept. the order for pasi 100 was ixekizumab > secukinumab > infliximab > ustekinumab 90mg > ustekinumab 45mg > adalimumab > etanercept. the sensitivity analysis showed some changes in the order, depending on the response-assessment period., conclusions: the findings show a link between the efficacy of the biologic therapies available in spain for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and their efficiency. ixekizumab had the lowest cost per nnt for all pasi-response scores (75, 90, and 100) during the first year of treatment. copyright © 2018 aedv. publicado por elsevier espana, s.l.u. all rights reserved.
efficacy of tildrakizumab for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis of three randomized controlled trials at weeks 12 and 28.$$$ background: efficacy of tildrakizumab for plaque psoriasis was demonstrated in randomized, placebo-controlled trials., objective: to consolidate tildrakizumab efficacy results by pooling data., methods: data (n = 2081) from tildrakizumab 100 mg, tildrakizumab 200 mg and placebo groups in three trials were pooled., results: proportions of psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) 75 responders at week 12 were better with tildrakizumab 100 mg (62.3%) and tildrakizumab 200 mg (64.8%) vs. placebo (5.6%.
short-term risk of major adverse cardiovascular events or congestive heart failure in patients with psoriatic arthritis or psoriasis initiating a biological therapy: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.$$$ objective: the objective was to investigate the short-term risk of major adverse cardiovascular events (maces) or congestive heart failure (chf) in patients with psoriatic arthritis (psa) or psoriasis initiating a biological therapy., methods: screening for the study was carried out using medline, cochrane and embase, from the inception of the database to december 2017. randomised controlled trials (rcts) of anti-tumour necrosis factor (tnf), anti-interleukin (il)12/23, anti-il23 and anti-il17 agents for the treatment of psa or psoriasis were included. two investigators independently extracted maces or chf data reported during the placebo-controlled phase. the primary outcome measures were the incidence of maces or chf., results: of 753 references screened, 62 articles were selected, and 12 articles were added by manual searches. accordingly 77 rcts were included in the meta-analysis (ma) (10 174 patient-years (p-y)). no significant difference was observed in mace incidences in patients receiving anti-tnf, anti-il12/23, anti-il23 or anti-il17 agents in comparison to the placebo. however, 10 maces were observed in the anti-il12/23 group (1150 p-y) compared with 1 in the placebo group (652 p-y), with 0.01 -0.00 to 0.02 event/p-y risk difference, which is not statistically significant. this trend was not observed in the anti-il23 group. no significant difference was observed in chf incidence in patients receiving biological agents in comparison to placebo., conclusion: this ma of 77 rcts did not reveal any significant change in the short-term risk of mace or chf in patients with psa or psoriasis initiating a biological therapy.
treating to target(s) with interleukin-17 inhibitors.$$$ background:: the treat-to-target (t2t) strategy has become established in several medical specialties as a key guidance to optimal therapeutic decision making. t2t may be effective in the assessment of the biologic class of agents called interleukin (il)-17 inhibitors, which are emerging as a safe and effective treatment option for autoimmune inflammatory conditions such as plaque psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis (psa), and ankylosing spondylitis (as)., objective:: the objective of this article is to use a t2t approach for the evaluation of the effectiveness and safety of il-17 inhibitors in the management of patients with plaque psoriasis, psa, and as., methods:: following a comprehensive literature search, a full-day meeting was convened to discuss and identify the t2t targets for psoriasis, psa, and as. clinical trial evidence was presented for the approved il-17 inhibitors-secukinumab, ixekizumab, and brodalumab-to assess whether these data meet t2t safety and efficacy targets., results:: all 3 approved agents were significantly superior to placebo and active controls in the achievement of t2t targets for psoriasis. secukinumab and ixekizumab were likewise associated with significantly better outcomes than controls in the psa targets, and secukinumab resulted in significant as target improvements vs placebo. the il-17 inhibitors were also associated with low rates of serious adverse events and exacerbations of common comorbid conditions., conclusion:: phase iii trial results support the t2t benefit and safety of il-17 inhibitors according to their specific indications for the management of patients with plaque psoriasis, psa, and as.
ustekinumab safety in psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and crohn's disease: an integrated analysis of phase ii/iii clinical development programs.$$$ introduction: theoretical risks of biologic agents remain under study., objective: the aim of this study was to integrate 1-year safety data from 12 ustekinumab registrational trials., methods: patients had moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, active psoriatic arthritis (psa) (+/- methotrexate), or moderate-to-severe crohn's disease (cd.
efficacy and safety of systemic treatments in psoriatic arthritis: a systematic review, meta-analysis and grade evaluation.$$$ twenty per cent of patients with plaque psoriasis also have psoriatic arthritis - a disease affecting joints and entheses. different treatment options exist but currently no succinct systematic overview exists. a systematic review of approved systemic treatments for psoriatic arthritis was conducted. we systematically searched in three databases (last update september 2017). data were extracted for acr20/50, haq-di, sf-36 and adverse/serious adverse events after 16-24 weeks. we assessed the quality of evidence using grade. twenty trials were included. three trials compared two active substances. results for acr20 were infliximab + methotrexate vs. methotrexate: rr 1.40 (95% ci 1.07-1.84) very low quality evidence.
efficacy and safety of mirikizumab (ly3074828) in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from a randomized phase ii study.$$$ background: inhibiting interleukin (il)-23 in patients with psoriasis has demonstrated high levels of skin clearance., objectives: to investigate, in a phase ii (amaf.
methotrexate efficacy and tolerance in plaque psoriasis. a prospective real-life multicentre study in france.$$$ background: methotrexate (mtx) is a major systemic treatment for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. a randomized trial has recently been published evaluating a single weekly dosage (17.5mg), but few prospective real-life data are available. the main objective of this study was to prospectively evaluate the efficacy of mtx in real-life. the secondary objectives were to evaluate predictive parameters for treatment efficacy and the frequency of adverse events., patients and methods: a prospective cohort involving consecutive at in 25 centres belonging to gem resopso included all adults with plaque psoriasis in whom mtx treatment was initiated. the efficacy criterion was achievement of pasi 75 at week (w) 12/16. the impact of demographic data, psoriasis characteristics (duration, topography, rheumatism), dosage (w12/16 dosage, cumulative dose after 4 weeks), and mode of administration (subcutaneous vs. oral, concomitant use of folic acid) on efficacy was evaluated. intention-to-treat (itt),per protocol (pp), and multivariate analyses were performed., results: two hundred and fifty-six patients (f/m: 105/151.
long-term efficacy and safety of secukinumab in japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: 3-year results of a double-blind extension study.$$$ secukinumab, a fully human monoclonal antibody neutralizing interleukin-17a, has been shown to have significant efficacy in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis. long-term (3-year) efficacy and safety of secukinumab in japanese patients with moderate to severe psoriasis were evaluated in an extension study of a large phase 3 global study (sculpture). in the core study, 52 japanese patients with 75% improvement of psoriasis area and severity index (pasi-75) response at week 12 were re-randomized to a fixed interval (fi.
risankizumab vs. ustekinumab for plaque psoriasis: a critical appraisal.$$$ aim: gordon et al. investigated the efficacy and safety of risankizumab [an anti-interleukin (il)-23p19 biologic] compared with ustekinumab (anti-il-12/23p40) and placebo in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis. this was a parallel-group controlled study up to 16 weeks with a planned switch of the placebo group to risankizumab at 16 weeks., setting and design: this study consisted of two replicate phase iii, double-blinded randomized controlled trials (ultimma-1 and ultimma-2) conducted across 139 centres in australia, austria, belgium, canada, czech republic, france, germany, japan, mexico, poland, portugal, south korea, spain and the u.s.a., study exposure: patients with a minimum 6-month history of chronic plaque psoriasis were randomly assigned to receive either 150 mg risankizumab, 45 mg or 90 mg ustekinumab or placebo. prior to this, each group was also stratified by weight (either more than or less than 100 kg) and previous exposure to tumour necrosis factor inhibitors. those assigned to receive placebo were transitioned onto risankizumab at week 16. the study drugs were given at weeks 0, 4, 16, 28 and 40., outcomes: the severity of psoriasis was measured using the psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) and a static physician's global assessment (spga). the authors additionally recorded the number of adverse events in each treatment arm, and a measure of quality of life., primary outcome measures: the coprimary outcomes were the proportions of patients achieving >= 90% reduction in their baseline pasi (pasi 90) and an spga score of 0 or 1 (clear or almost clear) at week 16., results: in total 506 patients were included in ultimma-1 and 491 patients in ultimma-2. in ultimma-1, pasi 90 by week 16 was achieved by 75.3% of patients receiving risankizumab, compared with 42.0% receiving ustekinumab and 4.9% receiving placebo (p < 0.001 vs. placebo and ustekinumab). spga of 0 or 1 by week 16 was achieved by 87.6% of patients receiving risankizumab, compared with 63.0% receiving ustekinumab and 7.8% receiving placebo (p < 0.001 vs. placebo and ustekinumab). the results for ultimma-2 are similar. the frequencies of adverse events in the risankizumab, ustekinumab and placebo groups were similar in both studies., conclusions: gordon et al. conclude that risankizumab has a higher efficacy than placebo and ustekinumab in the treatment of moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis, and that the adverse-event profiles were similar across all treatment groups. copyright © 2019 british association of dermatologists.
psoriatic skin molecular and histopathologic profiles after treatment with risankizumab versus ustekinumab.$$$ background: il-23 contributes to the activation, maintenance, and proliferation of th17 cells and plays a major role in psoriasis pathophysiology. il-23p19 inhibition with risankizumab resulted in superior clinical responses in patients with psoriasis compared with ustekinumab (dual il-12/il-23 inhibitor), but comparative molecular effects have not been established., objective: we investigated the similarities and differences in molecular and histopathologic profiles in skin lesions from patients with psoriasis receiving risankizumab versus ustekinumab at an early time point., methods: lesional skin biopsy samples from 81 patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis participating in 2 different studies (a phase i risankizumab study and a phase ii study of risankizumab vs ustekinumab) were analyzed by using histopathology, immunohistochemistry, and rna sequencing., results: risankizumab induced a rapid decrease in levels of proteins and transcriptomic biomarkers associated with the il-23 pathway, which were maintained through 8 weeks. at week 4, risankizumab decreased histopathologic expression of biomarkers, including k16, ki67, cd3, lipocalin-2, cd11c, dendritic cell lysosome-associated membrane glycoprotein, beta-defensin 2, and s100a7.
when il-17 inhibitors fail: real-life evidence to switch from secukinumab to adalimumab or ustekinumab.$$$ psoriasis is a chronic, systemic inflammatory disease that in the moderate to severe forms may benefit of biologics, namely tnf and il-12/23 and il-17 inhibitors. loss of response, lack of response, or discontinuation due to adverse events represent a concrete therapeutic challenge for dermatologists that have to switch patients to other treatments. although some evidences already exist toward the switch from il-12/23 and tnf inhibitors to il-17 inhibitors, conversely nothing is present toward the switch from il-17 inhibitors to il-12/23 and tnf inhibitors. we performed a real-life study enrolling 50 patients randomly switched to adalimuamb, a tnf inhibitor, or ustekinumab, an il-12/23 inhibitor. our observational study suggests that switching from il-17i to tnfi and il-12/23i is a safe and effective therapeutic strategy. copyright © 2018 wiley periodicals, inc.
safety of guselkumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated through 100 weeks: a pooled analysis from the randomized voyage 1 and voyage 2 studies.$$$ background: long-term evaluation is required to confirm the safety profile of newer biologic agents., objectives: to report on pooled safety data from the ongoing voyage 1 (nct02207231) and voyage 2 (nct02207244) trials through 100 weeks of follow-up., methods: patients were randomized to either guselkumab 100 mg at weeks 0 and 4 and every 8 weeks thereafter.
efficacy and safety of brodalumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and skin of color: results from the pooled amagine-2/-3 randomized trials.$$$ background: data on treatment outcomes in patients with psoriasis who have skin of color are limited. brodalumab has shown efficacy in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., objective: our objective was to evaluate the efficacy, safety, and health-related quality of life associated with brodalumab in patients with skin of color participating in two phase iii, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo- and active comparator-controlled studies (amagine-2/-3)., methods: patients were self-categorized into racial subgroups (black, asian, or white) or the non-mutually exclusive ethnic subgroup hispanic/latino. patients were randomized to receive brodalumab 210 mg every 2 weeks (q2w) or ustekinumab (45 mg in patients weighing <= 100 kg and 90 mg in patients weighing > 100 kg) for 52 weeks. skin clearance was monitored using the psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) and static physician's global assessment (spga). treatment-emergent adverse events (teaes) were summarized by treatment and racial and ethnic subgroup. health-related quality of life was assessed using the dermatology life quality index (dlqi)., results: during the 12-week induction phase, 613 patients received ustekinumab (black, n = 20.
risankizumab for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis.$$$ introduction: psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disorder pathogenically mediated by multiple cytokines, including interleukin (il)-23, il-17, and tnf. an emerging class of therapeutics that selectively blocks il-23 has been developed. among these new agents, risankizumab is now being investigated in phase iii clinical trials, and the preliminary data are promising in inducing an excellent clinical response. areas covered: this review aims to describe the pathogenic role of il-23 in psoriasis and to collect clinical data related to the efficacy and safety of risankizumab, an anti-il-23p19 agent, in the treatment of psoriasis. expert opinion: risankizumab showed high response rates in reaching complete or almost complete clearance of psoriasis. when compared to other similarly effective drugs, it may show some advantages related to its mechanism of action (direct blockade of the main pathogenic pathway), safety (no impact on the immune surveillance against candida infection), therapeutic regimen (every-12-week injections), and effectiveness in the treatment of immune-mediated psoriasis comorbid conditions, such as psoriatic arthritis and crohn's disease.
improvement in patient-reported outcomes (dermatology life quality index and the psoriasis symptoms and signs diary) with guselkumab in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from the phase iii voyage 1 and voyage 2 studies.$$$ background: health-related quality of life (hrqol) may be markedly impaired in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis., objectives: our objectives were to compare improvements in dermatology life quality index (dlqi) and psoriasis symptoms and signs diary (pssd) scores between patients receiving guselkumab compared with placebo or adalimumab and to correlate these improvements with skin clearance., methods: pooled phase iii voyage 1 and voyage 2 data were evaluated through week 24. at baseline, patients were randomized to guselkumab 100 mg, placebo, or adalimumab 40 mg. at week 16, patients receiving placebo switched to guselkumab. assessment measures included dlqi percent change from baseline, dlqi 0/1, dlqi minimal clinically important difference (mcid), individual domain scores, pssd symptoms and signs score = 0, dlqi association with pssd, investigator's global assessment (iga), and psoriasis area and severity index (pasi)., results: significantly greater improvements from baseline dlqi were observed with guselkumab versus placebo (weeks 8 and 16) and versus adalimumab (week 24.
effect of secukinumab on the clinical activity and disease burden of nail psoriasis: 32-week results from the randomized placebo-controlled transfigure trial.$$$ background: nail psoriasis is associated with functional impairment, pain and reduced quality of life., objectives: to demonstrate the superiority of secukinumab over placebo in clearing nail psoriasis as assessed by the nail psoriasis severity index (napsi) at week 16 and over time up to week 132. presented here is the week 32 interim analysis. impact on quality of life was assessed by nail assessment in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis (nappa) patient questionnaires., methods: transfigure is a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque and nail psoriasis., results: the primary objective of this study was met: both doses of secukinumab were superior to placebo at week 16 (napsi improvements of -45.3%, -37.9% and -10.8% for secukinumab 300 mg and 150 mg and placebo, respectively, p < 0.001). significant improvements were seen in patients' quality of life: the nappa-quality of life total score median decreases at week 16 were 60.9%, 49.9% and 15.8% for secukinumab 300 mg and 150 mg and placebo, respectively (p < 0.001). improvement in nail psoriasis continued to week 32: napsi percentage change reached -63.2% and -52.6% for secukinumab 300 mg and 150 mg, respectively. skin clearance measured by >= 90% improvement in psoriasis area and severity index was significant (rates of 72.5%, 54.0% and 1.7% for secukinumab 300 mg and 150 mg and placebo at week 16, respectively, p < 0.001) and was sustained to week 32. the most common adverse events were nasopharyngitis, headache and upper respiratory tract infections., conclusions: secukinumab demonstrated significant and clinically meaningful efficacy and quality-of-life improvements for patients with nail psoriasis up to week 32. what's already known about this topic? nail psoriasis is understudied and there is a lack of effective treatment options. nail psoriasis is correlated with more severe psoriatic disease and the development of psoriatic arthritis. what does this study add? transfigure is one of the few prospective placebo-controlled trials specifically in nail psoriasis and includes nail-specific quality-of-life measures such as nail assessment in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis (nappa)-quality of life and nappa-patient benefit index. in this trial, secukinumab demonstrates significant efficacy and quality-of-life improvements in this difficult-to-treat population. copyright © 2018 british association of dermatologists.
network meta-analyses of systemic treatments for psoriasis: a critical appraisal: original articles: jabbar-lopez zk, yiu zzn, ward v et al. quantitative evaluation of biologic therapy options for psoriasis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis. j invest dermatol 2017.
tildrakizumab: a review of phase ii and iii clinical trials.$$$ objective: tildrakizumab, an inhibitor of the p19 subunit of interleukin (il)-23, was recently food and drug administration (fda) approved for patients with moderate to severe psoriasis. this article will review the phase ii and iii clinical trial data of tildrakizumab., data sources: a pubmed search from january 2000 to september 2018 was done with the search terms tildrakizumab, guselkumab, risankizumab, p19, interleukin-23, and psoriasis., study selection and data extraction: articles discussing phase ii and iii clinical trial data for tildrakizumab were selected., data synthesis: in phase ii and phase iii trials, tildrakizumab was safe and efficacious compared with placebo and etanercept. more patients achieved psoriasis area and severity index 75 receiving tildrakizumab (200 mg, 62%-74%.
efficacy and safety of brodalumab in patients with psoriasis who had inadequate responses to ustekinumab: subgroup analysis of two randomized phase iii trials.$$$ background: brodalumab, a fully human anti-interleukin-17 receptor a monoclonal antibody, has demonstrated superior efficacy and safety over ustekinumab as induction therapy for moderate-to-severe psoriasis., objectives: to evaluate the efficacy and safety of brodalumab through week 52 in patients who had inadequate responses to ustekinumab., methods: a subgroup analysis of the phase iii amagine-2/-3 double-blind randomized controlled trials was performed. participants were aged 18-75 years and had a psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) >= 12, static physician's global assessment score >= 3 and involvement of >= 10% body surface area. the studies were registered at clinicaltrials.gov: amagine-2, nct01708603.
long-term efficacy of novel therapies in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of pasi response.$$$ background: patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis require long-term treatment, yet few trials compare outcomes beyond a short-term induction period. quantitative comparisons of long-term outcomes in patients with psoriasis are limited. to our knowledge, no network meta-analysis (nma) of such data has been performed., objective: to compare novel systemic therapies, both biologic and non-biologic, approved for moderate-to-severe psoriasis by conducting a systematic review (sr) and nma of psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) outcomes measured at or around 1 year., methods: an sr was conducted to identify studies reporting pasi 75, pasi 90 and pasi 100 responses. feasibility of an nma on maintenance phase endpoints was assessed and sources of heterogeneity considered. data appropriate for analysis were modelled using a bayesian multinomial likelihood model with probit link. wherever possible, data corresponding to an intention-to-treat approach with non-responder imputation were used., results: twenty-four studies reporting outcomes at 40-64 weeks were identified, but heterogeneity in study design allowed synthesis of only 17. four 52-week randomized controlled trials (rcts) comprised the primary analysis, which found brodalumab was significantly more efficacious than secukinumab, ustekinumab and etanercept. secukinumab was also more efficacious than ustekinumab and both outperformed etanercept. in a secondary analysis, evidence from 13 additional studies and 4 further therapies (adalimumab, apremilast, infliximab and ixekizumab) was included by comparing long-term outcomes from active interventions to placebo outcomes extrapolated from induction. results were consistent with the primary analysis: brodalumab was most effective, followed by ixekizumab and secukinumab, then ustekinumab, infliximab and adalimumab. etanercept and apremilast had the lowest expected long-term efficacy. results were similar when studies with low prior exposure to biological therapies were excluded., conclusion: results suggest that brodalumab is associated with a higher likelihood of sustained pasi response, including complete clearance, at week 52 than comparators. further long-term active-comparator rct data are required to better assess relative efficacy across therapies. copyright © 2018 the authors. journal of the european academy of dermatology and venereology published by john wiley & sons ltd on behalf of european academy of dermatology and venereology.
certolizumab pegol for the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis of week 16 data from three randomized controlled trials.$$$ background: certolizumab pegol, an fc-free, pegylated, anti-tumour necrosis factor (tnf) biologic, has demonstrated favourable results in three ongoing, phase 3, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trials in adults with psoriasis., objective: data were pooled from the ongoing trials to investigate efficacy in selected subgroups and add precision to estimates of treatment effects during the initial 16 weeks of treatment., methods: in each trial, patients >=18 years with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis for >=6 months were randomized to receive certolizumab 400 mg, certolizumab 200 mg or placebo every 2 weeks for 16 weeks. coprimary endpoints for the pooled analysis were responder rates at week 16, defined as >=75% reduction in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 75) and physician global assessment (pga) of 0/1 ('clear'/'almost clear' with >=2-category improvement). safety was assessed by treatment-emergent adverse events., results: a total of 850 patients treated with certolizumab 400 mg (n = 342), certolizumab 200 mg (n = 351) or placebo (n = 157) were included in the pooled analysis. at week 16, pasi 75 and pga 0/1 responder rates were 80.1% and 63.7% in the certolizumab 400 mg group, 74.5% and 54.6% in the certolizumab 200 mg group, and 7.5% and 2.8% in the placebo group (p < 0.0001 for each dose versus placebo). in patients with and without prior biologic therapy, both doses of certolizumab resulted in substantially higher responder rates versus placebo. the incidence of adverse events was generally similar between the 400 mg and placebo groups, and somewhat lower in the 200 mg group versus placebo. no new safety signals were identified., conclusion: certolizumab pegol 400 mg or 200 mg every 2 weeks for 16 weeks was associated with statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in signs and symptoms of psoriasis in patients with and without prior biologic therapy, and a safety profile consistent with the anti-tnf class in psoriasis. copyright © 2018 european academy of dermatology and venereology.
granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (gm-csf) as a therapeutic target in psoriasis: randomized, controlled investigation using namilumab, a specific human anti-gm-csf monoclonal antibody.$$$ background: the relevance of granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (gm-csf) in the management of psoriasis has not been studied previously. gm-csf is important in the initiation and maintenance of chronic inflammatory processes., objectives: to investigate the clinical use of gm-csf neutralization by evaluating the efficacy and safety of namilumab (amg203), a monoclonal antibody gm-csf inhibitor, in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., methods: a phase ii, multicentre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, dose-finding, proof-of-concept study (neptune) was conducted. four doses of namilumab (20, 50, 80 and 150 mg, via subcutaneous injection) were compared with placebo. assessment of the primary end point - the proportion of patients achieving >= 75% reduction in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 75 treatment response) - was performed at week 12. exploratory investigation at the tissue level was conducted in a subset of the overall study population. the trial was registered with the number nct02129777., results: in total, 122 patients were enrolled and 106 (86.9%) completed the double-blind treatment.
safety of ixekizumab in patients with psoriatic arthritis: results from a pooled analysis of three clinical trials.$$$ objective: to evaluate ixekizumab safety in adults with psoriatic arthritis (psa)., methods: safety data from 2 integrated data sets are presented: 1) 24-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled period of spirit-p1 and spirit-p2.
brodalumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: an evidence review group evaluation of a nice single technology appraisal.$$$ as part of the national institute for health and care excellence single technology appraisal process, brodalumab was assessed to determine the clinical and cost effectiveness of its use in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. the centre for reviews and dissemination and the centre for health economics technology assessment group at the university of york were commissioned to act as the independent evidence review group. this article provides a summary of the evidence review group's review of the company's submission, the evidence review group report and the national institute for health and care excellence appraisal committee's subsequent guidance issued in march 2018. the main clinical effectiveness data were derived from three well-conducted, multicentre, double-blind randomised controlled trials. the trials demonstrated that brodalumab statistically significantly reduced the severity of psoriasis and its impact on health-related quality of life, compared with placebo, at 12 weeks. in comparison with ustekinumab, statistically significantly more patients taking brodalumab had reduced psoriasis severity at 12 weeks. psoriasis severity and quality of life also appeared improved at 52 weeks, although statistical significance was not assessed. withdrawal rates were comparable to drug survival rates of other biological therapies and rates of adverse events were similar between brodalumab and ustekinumab. a network meta-analysis was presented, comparing brodalumab with other therapies available at the same point in the treatment pathway (i.e. in patients for whom standard systemic therapy or phototherapy is inadequately effective, not tolerated or contraindicated). the network meta-analysis ranked treatments in order of effectiveness, in terms of achieving different levels of psoriasis area and severity index response. the results indicated that brodalumab had a similar probability of response to ixekizumab, secukinumab and infliximab and a higher probability of response than ustekinumab, adalimumab, etanercept, apremilast, dimethyl fumarate and placebo. the company's economic model compared nine treatment sequences that included three lines of active therapy, consisting of brodalumab and other comparators recommended by the national institute for health and care excellence, followed by best supportive care. the sequence with brodalumab in the first-line position dominated sequences that started with adalimumab, infliximab, secukinumab and ustekinumab. the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio of the brodalumab sequence compared to less effective and non-dominated sequences ranged from 7145 (vs. the etanercept sequence) to 13,353 (vs. the dimethyl fumarate sequence) per quality-adjusted life-year gained. the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio for the more costly and effective ixekizumab sequence was 894,010 per quality-adjusted life-year gained compared to the brodalumab sequence. at a threshold of 20,000 per quality-adjusted life-year gained, the brodalumab sequence had the highest probability of being cost effective (96%). the main limitation of the company's economic model was the restrictive nature of the sequences compared. twelve separate scenarios based on key uncertainties were explored by the evidence review group. the only scenarios where brodalumab was ranked lower than first were not considered to be more appropriate or plausible than the assumptions or scenarios included in the company's base case. the treatment rankings identified in the evidence review group's alternative base case were identical to those derived from the company's base case model. at the first national institute for health and care excellence appraisal committee meeting, the committee concluded that brodalumab appears to be as effective as other anti-interleukin-17 agents and is cost effective, based on the discount agreed in the patient access scheme. brodalumab is recommended as an option for treating adults with severe plaque psoriasis (defined by a total psoriasis area and severity index score of 10 or more and a dermatology life quality index score of more than 10) who have not responded to other systemic non-biological therapies. brodalumab should be stopped at 12 weeks if the psoriasis has not responded adequately.
ixekizumab provides superior efficacy compared with ustekinumab over 52 weeks of treatment: results from ixora-s, a phase 3 study.$$$ background: biologics targeting interleukin 17a (il-17a) allow for rapid clearance of psoriatic plaques, with a clinically favorable safety profile., objectives: to compare the safety and efficacy of ixekizumab, an il-17a antagonist, with the safety and efficacy of the il-12/23 inhibitor ustekinumab through 52 weeks of treatment in the head-to-head trial ixora-s., methods: patients were randomized to ixekizumab (n = 136) or ustekinumab (n = 166) and dosed per the approved labels. after 1 year, efficacy was assessed via improvements in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) score (with pasi 90 indicating a 90% or greater improvement from baseline pasi score) and a static physician's global assessment (spga) response of either 0 or 0 or 1, with dropouts counted as nonresponders. safety analyses included treatment-emergent adverse events (aes)., results: at week 52, significantly more ixekizumab-treated patients (p < .01) reported pasi 90 (104 [76.5%]), an spga response of 0 (72 [52.9%]), or an spga response of 0 or 1 (110 [82.1%]) responses than did ustekinumab-treated patients (pasi 90, 98 [59.0%].
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in patients with plaque psoriasis across different degrees of disease severity: results from uncover-2 and uncover-3.$$$ purpose: to evaluate short- and long-term efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in patients according to psoriasis severity., materials and methods: data were integrated from clinical trials (uncover-2, uncover-3). patients received placebo, 80-mg ixekizumab every 2 weeks (ixeq2w), every 4 weeks (ixeq4w), or 50 mg etanercept (etn) biweekly for 12 weeks, then open-label ixeq4w (uncover-3). psoriasis severity was categorized by baseline psoriasis area and severity index (pasi <20 and >=20). efficacy was evaluated by percentage reaching pasi 75, 90, 100, and absolute pasi <=5, <=2, and <=1., results: significantly more patients with pasi >=20 (vs. pasi <20) were male and had higher body weight. after 12 weeks, both severity groups had significantly more ixeq2w- than etn-treated patients reach pasi 75, 90, 100, and absolute pasi <=5, <=2, <=1. fewer pasi >=20 vs. pasi <20 patients across treatments reached pasi <=5, <=2, and <=1 at week 12. efficacy was maintained during 156 weeks of ixekizumab treatment with no differences between groups. the ixeq2w safety profile was similar between groups except for injection-site reactions (significantly higher in pasi <20)., conclusions: ixekizumab demonstrated a high level of efficacy and had a consistent safety profile in patients with different baseline psoriasis severity levels.
apremilast mechanism of efficacy in systemic-naive patients with moderate plaque psoriasis: pharmacodynamic results from the unveil study.$$$ background: pharmacodynamic (pd) subanalyses of clinical trials in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis demonstrated the efficacy of apremilast correlated with reductions in cytokines involved in the pathogenesis of psoriasis., objective: this pd subanalysis of a phase iv, randomized, controlled trial (unveil) in systemic-naive patients with moderate plaque psoriasis (psoriasis-involved body surface area [bsa] 5%-10%.
consistent responses with guselkumab treatment in asian and non-asian patients with psoriasis: an analysis from voyage 1 and voyage 2.$$$ guselkumab, an interleukin-23 blocker, was superior to placebo and adalimumab and well-tolerated in phase 3 psoriasis studies (voyage 1 and voyage 2). this analysis evaluated the consistency of response in the asian subpopulation in voyage 1 and voyage 2. study designs were identical through week 24.
dimethyl fumarate is efficacious in severe plaque psoriasis : post hoc analysis from the bridge trial in austria.$$$ background: fumaric acid esters are recommended in european guidelines for induction and maintenance treatment of patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. a systemic medication with pure dimethyl fumarate without monoethyl fumarate salts was recently licensed in europe., objective: the efficacy and safety of pure dimethyl fumarate were assessed in patients with severe (physician global assessment) plaque psoriasis in austria in the bridge trial., methods: in this double blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial patients received 16-week treatment with pure dimethyl fumarate in a head to head comparison with dimethyl fumarate with monoethyl fumarate salts, which is licensed in germany. in this post hoc analysis the efficacy and safety were assessed in patients with severe psoriasis in austria., results: efficacy measures significantly improved in both active treatment arms compared to placebo in 65 patients after 16 weeks of treatment. physician global assessment of clear/almost clear in the dimethyl fumarate group was non-inferior to the dimethyl fumarate with monoethyl fumarate salts group 2 months after end of treatment. no serious adverse reaction occurred in patients with dimethyl fumarate in contrast to the second active treatment. efficacy outcome was paralleled by quality of life improvements., conclusion: this is the first report of dimethyl fumarate in a severely affected population with plaque psoriasis. dimethyl fumarate is effective and safe in the systemic treatment of adults with severe psoriasis (physician global assessment).
short-term efficacy and safety of il-17, il-12/23, and il-23 inhibitors brodalumab, secukinumab, ixekizumab, ustekinumab, guselkumab, tildrakizumab, and risankizumab for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.$$$ background: the role of interleukin-12 (il-12), interleukin-23 (il-23), and interleukin-17 (il-17) has been recognized in psoriasis pathogenesis, and new drugs targeting this axis have already been developed which may provide a new therapeutic approach for patients with moderate to severe psoriasis., objective: to compare the direct and indirect evidences of the efficacy and safety of brodalumab, secukinumab, ixekizumab, ustekinumab, guselkumab, tildrakizumab, and risankizumab in the short-term treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis using network meta-analysis (nma)., methods: a comprehensive literature search was performed in pubmed, embase, and cochrane central register of controlled trials for the available relevant studies. nma was conducted by stata 15.0 software using relative risks (rr) with 95% confidence interval to assess the clinical effectiveness and safety. ranked the efficacy and safety for each drug accordance with the surface under the cumulative ranking curve (sucra)., results: this meta-analysis included 28 studies. all the interventions performed better than placebo in short-term achievement. based on the result of sucra, ixekizumab 80 mg every 2 weeks ranked the highest in short-term achievement of pasi 75 (sucra = 93.0%). brodalumab 210 mg ranked the highest in short-term achievement of pasi 100 (sucra = 85.0%). secukinumab 300 mg ranked the highest in short-term achievement of spga 0/1 or iga 0/1 or pga 0/1 (sucra = 98.1%). in terms of having a risk of adverse events, the rates were higher in brodalumab, secukinumab, ixekizumab, and ustekinumab 45 mg compared with placebo. ixekizumab 80 mg every 4 weeks ranked the highest in the risk of adverse events during short-term treatment (sucra = 4.5%). guselkumab 50 mg ranked the highest in the risk of serious adverse events during short-term treatment (sucra = 25.9%). ixekizumab 80 mg every 4 weeks ranked the highest in the risk of discontinuations due to adverse events during short-ter treatment (sucra = 10.7%)., conclusions: il-17, il-12/23, and il-23 inhibitors had high efficacy in the achievement of pasi 75, pasi 100, and spga 0/1 or iga 0/1 or pga 0/1 in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis after 12 or 16 weeks of treatment. il-17 inhibitors showed superior efficacy. however, its clinical safety was poor. risankizumab appeared to have relatively high efficacy and low risk. the clinical tolerance of other biological agents needs to be further observed. copyright © 2019 fan bai et al.
efficacy of ustekinumab in biologic-naive patients with psoriatic arthritis by prior treatment exposure and disease duration: data from psummit 1 and psummit 2.$$$ objective: to evaluate the efficacy of ustekinumab by prior treatment exposure and disease duration in tumour necrosis factor inhibitor (tnf)-naive patients with psoriatic arthritis (psa) in the psummit 1 and psummit 2 studies., methods: in the phase 3, randomised, placebo-controlled psummit 1 and psummit 2 studies, adults with active psa for >=6 months despite conventional synthetic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (csdmards) and/or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (nsaids) (psummit 1) or csdmards, nsaids and/or anti-tnf agents (psummit 2) were enrolled. patients were randomised to subcutaneous injections of placebo, ustekinumab 45 mg or ustekinumab 90 mg at weeks 0 and 4 and every 12 weeks. efficacy was assessed at week 24 using the american college of rheumatology criteria and 28-joint count disease activity score using c reactive protein (das28-crp).
treatment of plaque psoriasis with il-23p19 blockers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ objectives: interleukin(il)-23 is a key cytokine in the pathogenesis of psoriasis, this meta-analysis was to analyze the efficacy and safety of il-23p19 blockers in patients with plaque psoriasis., methods: a systematic review of the literature was performed to collect double-blind randomized controlled trials(rcts). the pooled relative risk(rr) with 95% confidence interval(ci) was calculated. all analyses were conducted with intention-to-treat basis., results: a total of 13 studies contained 5155 plaque psoriasis patients were included in our meta-analysis. the results indicated that il-23p19 blockers had better efficacy than placebo for psoriasis area severity index score reductions from baseline of 75% or more (pasi75) (rr=11.47, p<0.001) and static physician's global assessment score of 0 or 1(spga0/1) (rr=11.32, p<0.001). il-23p19 blockers have similar safety with placebo about the incidence of adverse events(aes) (rr=1.22, p=0.096) and serious adverse events(saes) (rr=2.93, p=0.965), but il-23p19 blockers carried an increased incidence rate of infections (rr=1.39, p<0.001). while compared with adalimumab and ustekinumab, il-23p19 blockers were more effective and had the similar tolerance. among three il-23p19 blockers, guselkumab was the most efficacious treatments, and risankizumab was better tolerated than the others., conclusion: the il-23p19 blockers have excellent efficacy and great safety in plaque psoriasis patients, but long-term safety remains to be determined. copyright © 2019 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
comparison of the safety and efficacy of tumor necrosis factor inhibitors and interleukin-17 inhibitors in patients with psoriasis.$$$ psoriasis (pso) is a common, systemic, chronic inflammatory disease characterized by key clinical symptoms, including itching, pain, and scaling, and is associated with substantial physical, psychosocial, and economic health burdens. currently, there is no cure for pso.
assessing the relative efficacy of interleukin-17 and interleukin-23 targeted treatments for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of pasi response.$$$ introduction: new generation biologics, including interleukin (il)-17 and il-23 inhibitors, have delivered higher rates of skin clearance than older treatments in head-to-head studies. however, studies comparing these new biologics directly to one another are limited., objectives: to compare the short-term efficacy of available (or imminently available) biologic and non-biologic systemic therapies for treating patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., methods: a systematic review was undertaken to identify randomised controlled trials evaluating biologic treatments, apremilast and dimethyl fumarate. medline, medline in-process, embase and the cochrane library were searched from the 1st january 2000 to 22nd november 2018. a bayesian network meta-analysis (nma) using a random-effects multinomial likelihood model with probit link and meta-regression to adjust for cross-trial variation in placebo responses compared the efficacy of interventions at inducing different levels of psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) response during the induction period. a range of sensitivity analyses was undertaken., results: seventy-seven trials (34,816 patients) were included in the nma. the base-case analysis showed that all active treatments were superior to placebo. il-17 inhibitors, guselkumab and risankizumab were found to be more efficacious than tildrakizumab, ustekinumab, all tnf inhibitors and non-biologic systemic treatments at inducing all levels of pasi response. in addition, brodalumab, ixekizumab and risankizumab were significantly more efficacious than secukinumab.
tildrakizumab efficacy and impact on quality of life up to 52 weeks in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a pooled analysis of two randomized controlled trials.$$$ background: two randomized controlled trials (resurface 1 and 2) have demonstrated the effectiveness of tildrakizumab, a high-affinity, humanized, igg1kappa, anti-interleukin-23 monoclonal antibody, for treating moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in the first 28 weeks., objectives: to examine the efficacy of tildrakizumab and its impact on quality of life (qol) in patients with different levels of week-28 psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) improvement., methods: patients treated with tildrakizumab 100 mg or 200 mg from baseline to week 28 were pooled from resurface 1 and resurface 2 and classified into five mutually exclusive week-28 pasi improvement groups for each dose: pasi 0-49, 50-74, 75-89, 90-99 and 100. mean pasi improvement and dermatology life quality index (dlqi) 0/1 over time were examined for each group., results: of 1156 patients, 575 were in the 100-mg and 578 in the 200-mg cohorts, respectively. at week 28, 8.3%, 14.3%, 23.8%, 30.4% and 23.1% in the 100-mg and 4.0%, 18.1%, 19.6%, 29.1% and 29.3% in the 200-mg cohort achieved pasi < 50, 50-74, 75-89, 90-99 and 100, respectively. patients with pasi < 50 at week 28 could be identified as early as week 8, and those with week-28 pasi >= 90 had approximately 50% pasi improvement by week 4. among patients achieving pasi > 50 at week 28 who continued the same dose of tildrakizumab to week 52, mean pasi improvement was maintained or improved over time. similar results were observed for both doses. higher proportions of patients achieved dlqi 0/1 in higher week-28 pasi groups, and dlqi 0/1 was maintained or improved to week 52. however, not all patients with pasi 100 had dlqi 0/1., conclusion: patients unlikely to respond to tildrakizumab could be identified by week 8, and those likely to achieve a pasi >= 90 response could be identified as early as week 4. week-28 pasi improvement level correlated with qol improvement. copyright © 2019 the authors. journal of the european academy of dermatology and venereology published by john wiley & sons ltd on behalf of european academy of dermatology and venereology.
guselkumab versus secukinumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis (eclipse): results from a phase 3, randomised controlled trial.$$$ background: antibodies targeting interleukin (il)-23 and il-17a effectively treat moderate-to-severe psoriasis. eclipse is the first comparator study of an il-23p19 inhibitor, guselkumab, versus an il-17a inhibitor, secukinumab. the primary objective of this study was to show superiority of clinical response at week 48 for guselkumab versus secukinumab., methods: in this phase 3, multicentre, double-blind, randomised, comparator-controlled trial at 142 outpatient clinical sites in nine countries (australia, canada, czech republic, france, germany, hungary, poland, spain, and the usa), eligible patients were aged 18 years or older, had moderate-to-severe plaque-type psoriasis, and were candidates for phototherapy or systemic therapy. eligible patients were randomly assigned with permuted block randomisation using an interactive web response system to receive either guselkumab (100 mg at weeks 0 and 4 then every 8 weeks) or secukinumab (300 mg at weeks 0, 1, 2, 3, and 4, and then every 4 weeks). the primary endpoint, the proportion of patients in the intention-to-treat population who achieved 90% reduction or more from baseline of psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 90 response) at week 48, and major secondary endpoints (the proportions of patients in the guselkumab group and in the secukinumab group who achieved a pasi 75 response at both weeks 12 and 48, a pasi 90 response at week 12, a pasi 75 response at week 12, a pasi 100 response at week 48, an investigator's global assessment [iga] score of 0 [cleared] at week 48, and an iga score of 0 or 1 [minimal] at week 48) were to be tested in a fixed sequence to control type i error rate. safety was evaluated in patients who received one or more doses of study drug from week 0 to 56. the study is registered with clinicaltrials.gov, nct03090100., findings: this study was done between april 27, 2017, and sept 20, 2018. 1048 eligible patients were enrolled and, of these, 534 were assigned to receive guselkumab and 514 to receive secukinumab. the proportion of patients with a pasi 90 response at week 48 was greater in the guselkumab group (451 [84%]) than in the secukinumab group (360 [70%].
effectiveness of methotrexate in moderate to severe psoriasis patients: real-world registry data from the swiss dermatology network for targeted therapies (sdntt).$$$ methotrexate (mtx) is a frequently used anti-psoriatic drug that is commonly recommended in international psoriasis guidelines. it is effective in treating skin lesions, nail changes and psoriatic arthritis. in 2017 a prospective, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 3 trial, commonly known as the metop trial, was published assessing the effectiveness and safety of subcutaneous administration of methotrexate. because trial data do not always relate to real-life data with unselected patient populations, we wanted to determine whether the data obtained in the metop-trial correspond to real-life registry data from our swiss dermatology network for targeted therapies (sdntt). data of 449 patients with moderate to severe psoriasis who participated in the sdntt registry between 2011 and 1st of july 2017 were analyzed. only patients receiving methotrexate s.c. were included. 66 patients under mtx were included into this study. baseline pasi was 6.3 +/- 3.8 (sdntt) compared to 15.9 +/- 5.9 in the metop trial. in our cohort, only 18% of all patients reached pasi 75 after 12 weeks, 6% showed a complete remission (pasi 100) compared to 41% and 4% in the metop trial after 16 weeks. 22.7% of all patients showed increased liver enzymes in either study and nausea was seen in 15% (sdntt) versus 22% (metop) of patients. no severe adverse events were observed in our cohort. compared to the metop-trial, the response rates seen our real-world cohort were distinctly lower.
long-term real-life safety profile and effectiveness of fumaric acid esters in psoriasis patients: a single-centre, retrospective, observational study.$$$ background: fumaric acid esters (faes) are an established systemic treatment for moderate-to-severe psoriasis. however, the long-term clinical safety and effectiveness of continuous fae monotherapy and combination therapy have not been established., objective: to examine the long-term safety and effectiveness of faes as monotherapy and in combination with phototherapy or methotrexate in patients with psoriasis treated at a single centre in germany., methods: this monocentric, retrospective observational study, with a follow-up period of up to 32.5 years, included 859 patients: 626 received fae monotherapy, 123 received faes with concomitant phototherapy and 110 received faes with methotrexate., results: approximately half of patients (49.0%) reported adverse events (566 total events), most of which involved the gastrointestinal tract. serious adverse events were reported in 2.3% of patients, but none were deemed to have a causal relationship with any of the treatment regimens. adverse events leading to treatment discontinuation were observed in 12.9% of patients. a median duration of 1 year was observed in all three treatment subcohorts (p = 0.70) from initiation of fae treatment to a 50% response rate, where response was defined as achieving a cumulative static physician's global assessment (pga) score of 'light' and at least a 2-point reduction in baseline pga. a 50% response rate for the cumulative psoriasis area and severity index 75 was achieved in the fae monotherapy subcohort after a median of 3 years of treatment, in the faes + phototherapy subcohort after 6.7 years and in the faes + methotrexate subcohort after 8.1 years (p = 0.001)., conclusion: according to our data, faes as monotherapy or in combination with phototherapy or methotrexate are safe and beneficial for long-term clinical use. however, multicentre, randomized controlled trials are required to establish the clinical value of monotherapy versus combination therapy and the optimal treatment duration. copyright © 2018 the authors. journal of the european academy of dermatology and venereology published by john wiley & sons ltd on behalf of european academy of dermatology and venereology.
secukinumab provides sustained pasdas-defined remission in psoriatic arthritis and improves health-related quality of life in patients achieving remission: 2-year results from the phase iii future 2 study.$$$ background: secukinumab has demonstrated sustained improvement in the signs and symptoms of psoriatic arthritis (psa) over 2 years in the future 2 study (nct01752634). this post hoc analysis assessed the ability of secukinumab to achieve psoriatic arthritis disease activity score (pasdas)-based remission or low disease activity (lda) through 2 years among patients with psa in the future 2 study., methods: pasdas (cut-off scores: remission <= 1.9.
secukinumab for plaque psoriasis.$$$ introduction: biological treatments have appeared as the main alternative for the management of patients with plaque psoriasis that do not respond to conventional treatment. so, evaluating its actual efficacy and safety is needed., methods: we searched in epistemonikos, the largest database of systematic reviews in health, which is maintained by screening multiple information sources, including medline, embase, cochrane, among others. we extracted data from the systematic reviews, reanalyzed data of primary studies, conducted a meta-analysis and generated a summary of findings table using the grade approach., results and conclusions: we identified 21 systematic reviews including ten studies overall, of which all were randomized trials. we concluded secukinumab achieves clinical improvement in patients with plaque psoriasis, although it is probably associated with serious adverse effects.
guselkumab: a review in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ guselkumab (tremfya r) is a human immunoglobulin g1 lambda (igg1lambda) monoclonal antibody (mab) that blocks the interleukin-23 (il-23)-mediated signalling pathway and is the first in its class to be approved in adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in several countries, including the usa and eu. in the voyage trials, guselkumab was superior to placebo and to adalimumab at week 16 in terms of the proportion of patients achieving an investigator global assessment (iga) score of 0/1 and >= 90% improvement from baseline in psoriasis area and severity index score (pasi 90 response), with benefits of guselkumab over adalimumab maintained at week 24. to date, the beneficial effects of guselkumab treatment in these trials were maintained for up to 2 years. inadequate responders to ustekinumab who were then randomized to guselkumab in navigate showed better responses than those randomized to ustekinumab between weeks 28-40, with a significantly greater mean number of visits at which patients had iga 0/1 and >= 2-grade improvement in iga score, as well as higher proportions of patients achieving pasi 90 and pasi 100 at week 52. treatment with guselkumab improved health-related quality of life (hr-qol) and patient-reported outcomes in all trials and was generally well tolerated. guselkumab, administered by subcutaneous injection, is a useful new option for patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
open-label study to evaluate the efficacy of etanercept treatment in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis who have failed therapy with apremilast.$$$ introduction: response to etanercept therapy in patients who have failed apremilast therapy has not been well characterized., methods: in this multicenter, open-label, single-arm, phase 4, estimation study, subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis received etanercept 50 mg sc twice weekly for 12 weeks, followed by etanercept 50 mg sc once weekly for an additional 12 weeks. subjects had bsa greater than equal to 10%, pasi greater than equal to 10, and spga greater than equal to 3 at screening and baseline.
efficacy and safety of filgotinib, a selective janus kinase 1 inhibitor, in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (equator): results from a randomised, placebo-controlled, phase 2 trial.$$$ background: the janus kinase 1 (jak1) pathway has been implicated in the pathogenesis of psoriatic arthritis. we aimed to investigate the efficacy and safety of filgotinib, a selective jak1 inhibitor, for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis., methods: the equator trial was a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 2 trial that enrolled adults from 25 sites in seven countries (belgium, bulgaria, czech republic, estonia, poland, spain, and ukraine). patients (aged >=18 years) had active moderate-to-severe psoriatic arthritis (defined as at least five swollen joints and at least five tender joints) fulfilling classification for psoriatic arthritis (caspar) criteria, active or a documented history of plaque psoriasis, and an insufficient response or intolerance to at least one conventional synthetic disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drug (csdmard). patients continued to take csdmards during the study if they had received this treatment for at least 12 weeks before screening and were on a stable dose for at least 4 weeks before baseline. using an interactive web-based system, we randomly allocated patients (1:1) to filgotinib 200 mg or placebo orally once daily for 16 weeks (stratified by current use of csdmards and previous use of anti-tumour necrosis factor). patients, study team, and sponsor were masked to treatment assignment. the primary endpoint was proportion of patients achieving 20% improvement in american college of rheumatology response criteria (acr20) at week 16 in the full analysis set (patients who received at least one dose of study drug), which was compared between groups with the cochran-mantel-haenszel test and non-responder imputation method. this trial is registered with clincaltrials.gov, number nct03101670., findings: between march 9, and sept 27, 2017, 191 patients were screened and 131 were randomly allocated to treatment (65 to filgotinib and 66 to placebo). 60 (92%) patients in the filgotinib group and 64 (97%) patients in the placebo group completed the study.
importance of assessing and adjusting for cross-study heterogeneity in network meta-analysis: a case study of psoriasis.$$$ aim: the importance of adjusting for cross-study heterogeneity when conducting network meta-analyses (nmas) was demonstrated using a case study of biologic therapies for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., methods: bayesian nmas were conducted for psoriasis area and severity index 90 response. several covariates were considered to account for cross-trial differences: baseline risk (i.e., placebo response), prior biologic use, body weight, psoriasis duration, age, race and baseline psoriasis area and severity index score. model fit was evaluated., results: the baseline risk-adjusted nma, which adjusts for multiple observed and unobserved effect modifiers, was associated with the best model fit. lack of adjustment for cross-trial differences led to different clinical interpretations of findings., conclusion: failure to adjust for cross-trial differences in nma can have important implications for clinical interpretations when studying the comparative efficacy of healthcare interventions.
secukinumab for psoriatic arthritis: comparative effectiveness versus licensed biologics/apremilast: a network meta-analysis.$$$ aim: a network meta-analysis using randomized controlled trial data compared psoriatic arthritis (psa) outcomes (american college of rheumatology [acr], psoriasis area severity index [pasi] and psoriatic arthritis response criteria [psarc] response rates) at 12-16 weeks for secukinumab, adalimumab, apremilast, certolizumab, etanercept, golimumab, infliximab and ustekinumab., patients & methods: trials were identified by systematic review. separate networks were developed for the full-study populations, biologic-naive patients and biologic-experienced patients., results: in the full populations, secukinumab, adalimumab, golimumab and infliximab demonstrated the highest acr response rates. secukinumab and infliximab demonstrated the highest pasi response rates, and infliximab and etanercept demonstrated the highest psarc response rates., conclusion: in the full populations, secukinumab demonstrated good efficacy across all outcomes. all treatments for active psa included in this comprehensive network meta-analysis demonstrated superiority to placebo.
ustekinumab for the treatment of psoriasis: an evidence update.$$$ ustekinumab is an interleukin-12/23 inhibitor used for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis. here, we review new evidence since ustekinumab was licensed for relative efficacy in comparison with other biologic therapies from head-to-head randomized controlled trials and network meta-analyses for the treatment of psoriasis. we also review observational data emerging from psoriasis registries reporting the effectiveness and safety of ustekinumab. overall, new evidence suggests that ustekinumab has a favorable balance between efficacy/effectiveness, safety, and tolerability and should remain a first-line biologic therapy option for patients with severe psoriasis at present. copyright ©2018 frontline medical communications.
[value of combining biologics with methotrexate for treatment of psoriatic arthritis-questions remain].$$$ background: concomitant methotrexate (mtx) improves the therapeutic effect of biologic therapies in rheumatoid arthritis treatment. however, the influence of mtx on biologic therapy in psoriasis arthritis (psa) has not yet been fully clarified, as data from randomized clinical studies are lacking. so far, it is only known, that psa patients with inadequate response to mtx or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs alone respond equally well to a subsequent biologic therapy., objectives: the aim of this study is to investigate whether mtx-naive patients achieve greater disease improvement with the combination of mtx and a biologic than with biologic monotherapy alone, and whether patients on mtx in whom a biologic therapy is additionally started would worsen if mtx is discontinued., methods: the current data situation and its limitations are presented. furthermore, an investigator-initiated multicenter randomized clinical study in patients with active psa is introduced (must study), which investigates the influence of placebo-controlled mtx combination therapy with the interleukin 12/23 inhibitor ustekinumab (ust) in order to close the existing evidence gap., results: the primary objective of the study is to demonstrate the non-inferiority of ust monotherapy compared to mtx/ust combination therapy as measured by mean das28 values at week 24. of 196 planned patients, 77 have been included so far. recruitment is still open., conclusion: the must study offers the ideal opportunity to investigate the influence of concomitant mtx in a controlled study design and to assess whether the addition of mtx to ust therapy or its continuation is beneficial for psa patients.
efficacy of certolizumab pegol with and without concomitant use of disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs over 4 years in psoriatic arthritis patients: results from the rapid-psa randomized controlled trial.$$$ to report long-term efficacy of certolizumab pegol (czp) treatment with and without concomitant dmards in patients with psoriatic arthritis (psa). rapid-psa (nct01087788) was double-blind and placebo-controlled to week 24, dose-blind to week 48, and open-label to week 216. patients had active psa with >= 1 failed dmard. at baseline, patients were randomized 1:1:1 to czp 200 mg every 2 weeks: czp 400 mg every 4 weeks: placebo. czp-randomized patients continued their dose into open-label. observed case efficacy data are reported to week 216 for week 0 czp-randomized patients (dose combined) with and without baseline dmard use (dmard+/dmard-). dactylitis (tenderness and >= 10% difference in swelling between affected and opposite digits) and enthesitis were measured using leeds dactylitis index (ldi) and leeds enthesitis index (lei). 273/409 randomized patients received czp from baseline: 199/273 (72.9%) dmard+ and 74/273 (27.1%) dmard- patients. 141/199 (70.9%) dmard+ and 42/74 (56.8%) dmard- patients completed week 216. dmard+ (79.7%) and 83.3% of dmard- patients achieved acr20 response at week 216.
what do cochrane systematic reviews say about interventions for treating psoriasis?.$$$ context and objective: psoriasis is a common chronic inflammatory skin disease characterized by abnormal and increased growth of the cells that produce keratin and abnormal functioning of the immune system. we aimed to summarize the evidence available regarding interventions for patients with psoriasis., design and setting: review of systematic reviews, developed in the discipline of evidence-based medicine, escola paulista de medicina, universidade federal de sao paulo., methods: a systematic search was conducted to identify cochrane systematic reviews that fulfilled the eligibility criteria. two authors screened titles and abstracts that had been retrieved through the search strategy. the results from all the cochrane systematic reviews that were included were summarized and presented in a narrative synthesis., results: we included six cochrane systematic reviews assessing interventions for treating psoriasis. the findings from high-quality evidence were that (a) etanercept reduced the psoriasis severity index, compared with placebo and (b) steroids plus vitamin d, compared with vitamin d alone, improved the skin clearance rate, as assessed by investigators, but was associated with a higher proportion of participants who dropped out due to adverse events. for all other comparisons, the quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low., conclusion: this review included six cochrane systematic reviews that provided evidence ranging in quality from unknown to high, regarding management of psoriasis. further randomized controlled trials are imperative to reduce the uncertainties relating to several treatments that are already used in clinical practice.
long-term efficacy of guselkumab for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis: results from the phase 3 voyage 1 trial through two years.$$$ background: due to the chronic nature of psoriasis, it is important to assess the sustained response of treatments over time., objective: to assess the efficacy of continuous treatment with guselkumab (an interleukin-23 blocker) through two years in the phase 3 voyage 1 trial., methods: patients were randomized to placebo, guselkumab, or adalimumab at baseline. placebo-randomized patients crossed over to guselkumab at week 16 (placebo->guselkumab) and adalimumab-randomized patients crossed over to guselkumab at week 52 (adalimumab->guselkumab).
efficacy and safety of risankizumab in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (ultimma-1 and ultimma-2): results from two double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled and ustekinumab-controlled phase 3 trials.$$$ background: risankizumab is a humanised igg1 monoclonal antibody that binds to the p19 subunit of interleukin-23, inhibiting this key cytokine and its role in psoriatic inflammation. we aimed to assess the efficacy and safety of risankizumab compared with placebo or ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis., methods: ultimma-1 and ultimma-2 were replicate phase 3, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled and active comparator-controlled trials done at 139 sites in australia, austria, belgium, canada, czech republic, france, germany, japan, mexico, poland, portugal, south korea, spain, and the usa. eligible patients were 18 years or older, with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis. in each study, patients were stratified by weight and previous exposure to tumour necrosis factor inhibitor and randomly assigned (3:1:1) by use of interactive response technology to receive 150 mg risankizumab, 45 mg or 90 mg ustekinumab (weight-based per label), or placebo. following the 16-week double-blind treatment period (part a), patients initially assigned to placebo switched to 150 mg risankizumab at week 16.
tildrakizumab for the treatment of psoriasis.$$$ psoriasis is a chronic skin disorder driven by il-23 and the downstream t-helper cell 17 (th17) pathway. tildrakizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody selectively targeting the p19 subunit of il-23, a key cytokine for th17 cells. here, we provide an overview of il-23 in the context of psoriasis pathogenesis and review the results of the phase i, ii and iii clinical trials for tildrakizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis in order to assess its efficacy, safety and clinical usefulness. in all clinical trials, tildrakizumab demonstrated significant clinical improvement and a favorable safety profile. in phase iii trials, 75% of tildrakizumab-treated patients reached a psoriasis area and severity index 75 at week 28 demonstrating superior efficacy as compared with etanercept treatment. the tildrakizumab-induced reduction in skin inflammation proves the important pathogenic role of il-23 in psoriasis and further supports the utility of drugs targeting the il-23/th17 pathway. targeting il-23p19 with tildrakizumab augments the therapeutic repertoire for patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis.
safety and efficacy of ixekizumab in patients with psa and previous inadequate response to tnf inhibitors: week 52 results from spirit-p2.$$$ objectives: to assess the long-term safety and efficacy of ixekizumab, an il-17a antagonist, in patients with active psa., methods: in spirit-p2 (nct02349295), patients (n = 363) with previous inadequate response to tnf inhibitors entered the double-blind period (weeks 0-24) and received placebo or ixekizumab 80 mg every 4 weeks (ixeq4w) or every 2 weeks (ixeq2w) following a 160-mg starting dose at week 0. during the extension period (weeks 24-156), patients maintained their original ixekizumab dose, and placebo patients received ixeq4w or ixeq2w (1:1). we present the accumulated safety findings (week 24 up to 156) at the time of this analysis for patients who entered the extension period (n = 310). exposure-adjusted incidence rates (irs) per 100 patient years are presented. acr responses are presented on an intent-to-treat basis using non-responder imputation up to week 52., results: from week 24 up to 156 (with 228 patient years of ixekizumab exposure), 140 [61.3 ir] and 15 (6.6 ir) patients reported infections and serious adverse events, respectively. serious adverse events included one death and four serious infections. in all patients initially treated with ixeq4w and ixeq2w at week 0 (non-responder imputation), acr20 (61 and 51%), acr50 (42 and 33%) and acr70 (26 and 18%) responses persisted out to week 52. placebo patients re-randomized to ixekizumab demonstrated efficacy as measured by acr responses at week 52., conclusion: during the extension period, the overall safety profile of ixekizumab remained consistent with that observed with the double-blind period, and clinical improvements persisted up to 1 year.
efficacy and safety of biologics targeting il-17 and il-23 in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.$$$ numerous biologics are currently licensed for the treatment of psoriasis, including new drugs targeting interleukin-17 (il-17) and interleukin-23 (il-23). this meta-analysis evaluated the short-term (12-16weeks) efficacy and safety of biologics targeting il-17 and il-23 in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. twenty-one randomized clinical trials met the defined inclusion criteria. our results showed that ixekizumab (160mg wk0+80mg q2w) had the greatest probability of achieving both pasi 75 (rr 21.32, 95% ci 15.48-29.36, p<0.00001) and pasi 90 response (rr 59.76, 95% ci 32.41-110.19, p<0.00001) at the primary endpoint times, followed by ustekinumab and secukinumab. regarding the safety profile, tildtakizumab (200mg, q4w) was safest (rr 0.88, 95% ci 0.78-0.99, p=0.04), while ixekizumab (160mg wk0+80mg q2w) showed highest risk for one or more ae (rr 1.26, 95% ci 1.15-1.38, p<0.00001). however, there was no significant difference between the two biologics regarding one or more saes. comparing to the biologics targeting il-23, the pooled effect size favored the biological agents targeting il-17 in terms of the pasi 75 (pasi 75: rr 17.28, 95% ci 14.51-20.58, p<0.00001) and pasi 90 (rr 37.19, 95% ci 26.91-51.41, p<0.00001). the rate of overall aes was significantly higher (p<0.00001) in biologics targeting the il-17 (rr 1.18, 95% ci 1.12-1.24, p<0.00001) compared to biologics targeting il-23 (rr 0.97, 95% ci 0.91-1.04, p=0.44), and with respect to one or more saes, no difference was seen between biologics targeting il-17 and il-23. this meta-analysis found that ixekizumab was the most effective short-term treatment, but was ranked as the most risk therapeutic choice among the biologics involved in this study, while tildtakizumab was the best alternative in the case of safety. furthermore, it demonstrated that biologics inhibiting il-17 were superior to biologics targeting il-23 in terms of the efficacy, but posed higher risk at the same time. this study might help the clinicians and guideline developers to choose the optimal one among these biologics for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. copyright © 2018 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
phase iii randomized study of the proposed adalimumab biosimilar gp2017 in psoriasis: impact of multiple switches.$$$ background: adalimumab is used to treat several inflammatory diseases, including plaque psoriasis. gp2017 is a proposed adalimumab biosimilar., objectives: to assess the impact of multiple switches between gp2017 and reference adalimumab (ref-admb) following the demonstration of equivalent efficacy and similar safety and immunogenicity, in adult patients with active, clinically stable, moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., methods: this 51-week double-blinded, phase iii study randomly assigned patients to gp2017 (n = 231) or ref-admb (n = 234) 80 mg subcutaneously at week 0, then 40 mg biweekly from week 1. at week 17, patients were rerandomized to switch (n = 126) or continue (n = 253) treatment. the primary end point was patients achieving >= 75% improvement in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 75) at week 16, with equivalence confirmed if the 95% confidence interval (ci) for the difference in pasi 75 between treatments was +/- 18%. the key secondary end point was the change from baseline to week 16 in continuous pasi. other end points were pasi over time.
guselkumab, an anti-interleukin-23 monoclonal antibody, for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis in japanese patients: efficacy and safety results from a phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.$$$ previous global studies of guselkumab have demonstrated clinical benefits in patients with psoriasis. the aim of this 52-week, phase 3 study was to evaluate efficacy and safety of guselkumab in japanese patients with moderate to severe plaque-type psoriasis. patients randomly received guselkumab 50 mg or 100 mg at weeks 0, 4 and every 8 weeks, or placebo with cross-over to guselkumab 50 mg or 100 mg at week 16. co-primary end-points were the proportion of patients achieving investigator's global assessment (iga) cleared/minimal (0/1) and 90% or more improvement in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi-90) at week 16. overall, 192 patients were randomized to placebo, guselkumab 50 mg or 100 mg. at week 16, patients in the placebo group were crossed over to guselkumab 50 mg or 100 mg. at week 16, a significantly (p < 0.001) higher proportion of patients receiving guselkumab 50 mg and 100 mg versus placebo achieved iga 0/1 (92.3% and 88.9% vs 7.8%) and pasi-90 (70.8% and 69.8% vs 0%). patients in guselkumab 50 mg and 100 mg groups achieved significant improvement versus placebo in pasi-75 (89.2% and 84.1% vs 6.3%, p < 0.001) at week 16.
efficacy and safety of guselkumab in patients with active psoriatic arthritis: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 2 study.$$$ background: guselkumab, a human monoclonal antibody that binds to the p19 subunit of interleukin 23, has been approved for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis. psoriatic arthritis is a common comorbidity of psoriasis with an umet need for novel treatments. we assessed the efficacy and safety of guselkumab in patients with active psoriatic arthritis., methods: we did a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 2a trial at 34 rheumatology and dermatology practices in canada, germany, poland, romania, russia, spain, and the usa. eligible participants were aged 18 years or older with active psoriatic arthritis and plaque psoriasis affecting at least 3% of their body surface area, with three or more of 66 tender joints and three or more of 68 swollen joints, who had an inadequate response or intolerance to standard treatments. we randomly assigned patients (2:1) via a central interactive web-response system using computer-generated permuted blocks with a block size of six, stratified by previous anti-tumour necrosis factor-alpha use, to receive subcutaneous guselkumab 100 mg or placebo at week 0, week 4, and every 8 weeks thereafter for 24 weeks. patients, investigators, and site staff were masked to treatment assignment until final database lock at week 56. at week 16, patients with less than 5% improvement in swollen and tender joint counts were eligible for early escape to ustekinumab. at week 24, the remaining placebo-treated patients crossed over to receive guselkumab 100 mg at weeks 24, 28, 36, and 44 and guselkumab-treated patients received a placebo injection at week 24, followed by guselkumab injections at weeks 28, 36, and 44. the primary endpoint was the proportion of patients with at least 20% improvement at week 24 in signs and symptoms of psoriatic arthritis according to american college of rheumatology criteria (acr20) in the modified intention-to-treat population (ie, all randomly assigned patients who received at least one dose of study treatment). safety analyses included patients according to the study drug received. this study is registered with clinicaltrials.gov, number nct02319759., findings: between march 27, 2015, and jan 17, 2017, we randomly assigned 149 patients to treatment: 100 to guselkumab and 49 to placebo. 17 (35%) of 49 patients in the placebo group and ten (10%) of 100 patients in the guselkumab group were eligible for early escape to ustekinumab at week 16. 29 (59%) of 49 patients in the placebo group crossed over and received guselkumab at week 24. three (6%) of 49 patients in the placebo group, one (3%) of 29 patients who crossed over from placebo to guselkumab, and six (6%) of 100 patients in the guselkumab group discontinued study treatment before week 44. 58 (58%) of 100 patients in the guselkumab group and nine (18%) of 49 patients in the placebo group achieved an acr20 response at week 24 (percentage difference 39.7% [95% ci 25.3-54.1].
exposure-response modeling to characterize the relationship between ixekizumab serum drug concentrations and efficacy responses at week 12 in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ ixekizumab, a high-affinity monoclonal antibody, selectively targets interleukin-17a and has been shown to be efficacious in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis. the objective was to describe the relationship between ixekizumab concentrations and efficacy response (static physician global assessment [spga] and the psoriasis activity and severity index [pasi) scores] after 12 weeks of ixekizumab treatment in psoriasis patients from 3 phase 3 studies. data from 2888 psoriasis patients randomized to receive placebo or 80 mg ixekizumab every 2 weeks or every 4 weeks were analyzed. separate logistic regression models describing the relationship between ixekizumab concentrations and spga or pasi scores at week 12 were used to determine the probability of patients achieving a response and to investigate the impact of various patient factors other than drug concentrations on response rates. both dosing regimens were efficacious, with higher rates of response achieved with the higher range of observed ixekizumab concentrations after every-2-week dosing. although higher bodyweight, palmoplantar involvement, lower baseline disease state, or high baseline c-reactive protein were associated with slightly lower response rates, the magnitude of effect of these factors on spga(0,1) response was small, with all subgroups able to achieve high levels of response. other factors tested had no effect including age, sex, and antidrug antibody status. logistic regression modeling of ixekizumab concentration and efficacy data accurately identified the proportion of responders using spga or pasi end points. the higher concentration ranges achieved with 80 mg every 2 weeks versus every 4 weeks were associated with higher response levels. copyright © 2018, the american college of clinical pharmacology.
phase ii study of abt-122, a tumor necrosis factor- and interleukin-17a-targeted dual variable domain immunoglobulin, in patients with psoriatic arthritis with an inadequate response to methotrexate.$$$ objective: to investigate the safety and efficacy of abt-122, a tumor necrosis factor (tnf)- and interleukin-17a (il-17a)-targeted dual variable domain immunoglobulin, in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (psa) who have experienced an inadequate response to methotrexate., methods: patients (n = 240) were randomized to receive abt-122 (120 or 240 mg every week), adalimumab (40 mg every other week), or placebo in a 12-week double-blind, parallel-group study. the primary efficacy end point was the proportion of patients achieving >=20% improvement in disease activity according to the american college of rheumatology response criteria (acr20) at week 12. secondary and exploratory 12-week end points included 50% improvement (acr50) and 70% improvement (acr70) response rates, and proportion of patients meeting the psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) response criteria for >=75% (pasi75) and >=90% (pasi90) improvement in skin scores among those with >=3% of their body surface area affected by psoriasis., results: in both abt-122 dose groups, acr20 response rates at week 12 (64.8-75.3%) were superior to that in patients receiving placebo (25.0%) (p < 0.001) but similar to that in patients receiving adalimumab (68.1%). acr50 and acr70 response rates were also superior in both abt-122 dose groups (36.6-53.4% and 22.5-31.5%, respectively) compared to the placebo group (12.5% and 4.2%, respectively) (p < 0.05). among eligible patients in the placebo, adalimumab, abt-122 120 mg every week, and abt-122 240 mg every week treatment groups, pasi75 responses were achieved in 27.3%, 57.6%, 74.4%, and 77.6% of patients, respectively, whereas pasi90 responses were achieved in 18.2%, 45.5%, 48.8%, and 46.9% of patients, respectively. frequencies of treatment-emergent adverse events, including infections, were similar across all treatment groups, causing no discontinuations. no serious infections or systemic hypersensitivity reactions were reported with abt-122., conclusion: dual neutralization of tnf and il-17a with abt-122 had efficacy and safety that was similar to, and not broadly differentiated from, that of adalimumab over a 12-week treatment course in patients with psa. copyright © 2018 abbvie inc. arthritis & rheumatology published by wiley periodicals, inc. on behalf of american college of rheumatology.
maintenance of skin clearance with ixekizumab treatment of psoriasis: three-year results from the uncover-3 study.$$$ background: psoriasis is a chronic disease that may require long-term treatment. ixekizumab (ixe), which is a high-affinity monoclonal antibody that selectively targets interleukin 17a, is an approved therapy for patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., objective: to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ixe through 156 weeks from the uncover-3 study in patients who were treated with the recommended dose regimen (160 mg of ixe at week 0, 80 mg every 2 weeks up to week 12, and 80 mg every 4 weeks thereafter)., methods: patients randomized to ixe every 2 weeks, ixe every 4 weeks, etanercept twice weekly, or placebo were switched to ixe every 4 weeks during the long-term extension period. efficacy data were summarized by using the as-observed, multiple imputation, and modified nonresponder imputation methods., results: at week 156, 80.5% of patients had achieved at least a 75% improvement from baseline in their psoriasis area severity index (pasi) score, 66.0% had achived at least a 90% improvement from baseline in their pasi score, and 45.1% had achieved a 100% improvement from baseline in their pasi score with use of the modified nonresponder imputation method, and 97.2% and 86.2% of patients had achived at least a 75% improvement from baseline in their pasi score with use of the as-observed and multiple imputation methods, respectively. similar response rates were observed in patients with baseline scalp, nail, or palmoplantar involvement. no new safety signals were identified through year 3., limitations: no placebo or active comparison after week 12., conclusion: ixe sustained high responses with clearance of skin and nail lesions, with no new safety concerns through 3 years. copyright © 2018. published by elsevier inc.
efficacy of guselkumab compared with adalimumab and placebo for psoriasis in specific body regions: a secondary analysis of 2 randomized clinical trials.$$$ importance: psoriasis of the scalp, palms and/or soles, and nails is challenging to treat., objective: to evaluate the effect of guselkumab on psoriasis in specific body regions., design, setting, and participants: voyage 1 and voyage 2 were, double-blind, placebo- and adalimumab-controlled studies of guselkumab conducted at 101 and 115 global sites, respectively, from november 3, 2014, to may 19, 2016. patients had moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (psoriasis area and severity index score >=12, investigator's global assessment [iga] score >=3, and >=10% body surface area with psoriasis). this post hoc data analysis was performed from february 10 through november 15, 2017., exposures: patients were randomized to guselkumab, 100 mg (weeks 0 and 4, then every 8 weeks).
ixekizumab pharmacokinetics, anti-drug antibodies, and efficacy through 60 weeks of treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ ixekizumab, a high-affinity monoclonal antibody that selectively targets il-17a, is efficacious for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. we examined relationships between serum ixekizumab concentrations, treatment-emergent anti-drug antibodies (te-adas), and efficacy during 60 weeks of treatment in a randomized, controlled, phase 3 study. steady-state ixekizumab serum trough concentrations were rapidly achieved and associated with high clinical responses at week 12 with a starting dose of 160 mg followed by 80 mg every 2 weeks. during the long-term extension period dosage of 80 mg every 4 weeks, stable serum trough concentrations maintained high clinical responses through week 60. most (82.6%, 308/373) patients never developed te-ada. in te-ada-positive patients (17.4%, n = 65), variations in ada titers, neutralizing capacity, and persistence were observed. fifty-six patients (15%) developed low or moderate maximum titers, with serum concentrations and efficacy comparable to those of te-ada-negative patients. nine patients (2.4%) developed high titers, with variable individual clinical responses.
association between serum interleukin-17a and clinical response to tofacitinib and etanercept in moderate to severe psoriasis.$$$ background: psoriasis is a systemic inflammatory disease with a pathophysiology involving interleukin (il)-17. tofacitinib is an oral janus kinase inhibitor. etanercept is a tumour necrosis factor-alpha inhibitor used in the treatment of psoriasis. neither agent inhibits il-17 directly., aim: to evaluate correlations between circulating il-17a and clinical efficacy in patients with psoriasis treated with tofacitinib or etanercept., methods: serum concentrations of il-17a homodimer and il-17a/f heterodimer were determined by immunoassays at weeks 0, 4 and 12 in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis treated with placebo (n = 60), tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily (n = 184), tofacitinib 10 mg twice daily (n = 190), or etanercept 50 mg subcutaneously twice weekly (n = 190). disease severity was assessed using the psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) and clinical response was defined as patients achieving >= 75% improvement from baseline pasi (pasi75)., results: serum levels of il-17a homodimer at week 0 showed moderate correlation with pasi, with a spearman correlation coefficient of 0.43. furthermore, serum levels of il-17a homodimer showed a clear correlation with clinical response, with a decrease of 57.1% in patients achieving pasi75 at week 12, but only 15.9% decrease in nonresponders. pasi75 responders had lower median concentrations of il-17a (range across treatments: 0.24-0.27 pg/ml) at week 12 vs. nonresponders (0.37-0.62 pg/ml), regardless of the treatment. serum il-17a/f heterodimer showed similar decreases at week 12 in responders and nonresponders., conclusions: baseline serum il-17a correlates moderately with psoriasis severity. reduction in circulating il-17a is required for disease remission regardless of therapeutic agent. copyright © 2018 pfizer, inc. clinical and experimental dermatology published by john wiley & sons ltdon behalf of british association of dermatologists, north american clinical dermatologic society and st johns dermatological society.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab in a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled phase iiib study of patients with moderate-to-severe genital psoriasis.$$$ background: genital psoriasis (genps) is a common, debilitating and difficult-to-treat manifestation of plaque psoriasis. however, few controlled, interventional studies of genps exist., objectives: to determine the efficacy of ixekizumab vs. placebo in patients with moderate-to-severe genps with >= 1% involved body surface area (bsa)., methods: patients with moderate-to-severe genps, defined as a baseline static physician's global assessment of genitalia (spga-g) score of >= 3, with bsa >= 1% were randomized 1 : 1 to receive placebo (n = 74) or the recommended dosing of ixekizumab (n = 75). major outcomes included the percentage of patients achieving 0 or 1 scores on the spga-g (primary end point), overall spga, genps sexual frequency questionnaire (genps-sfq) item 2, and >= 3-point improvement from baseline on the genps itch numerical rating scale., results: at week 12, ixekizumab was superior to placebo for spga-g 0/1 (73% vs. 8%, p < 0.001), overall spga 0/1 (73% vs. 3%, p < 0.001), genps-sfq item 2 score of 0 or 1 (78% vs. 21%, p < 0.001) and genital itch (60% vs. 8%, p < 0.001). no candidiasis was reported, no deaths occurred and one (1%) serious adverse event was reported in a patient receiving placebo., conclusions: ixekizumab was superior to placebo for the treatment of moderate-to-severe genps with bsa >= 1%. the safety profile of ixekizumab was consistent with previous studies in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. copyright © 2018 the authors. british journal of dermatology published by john wiley & sons ltd on behalf of british association of dermatologists.
safety of tildrakizumab for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: pooled analysis of three randomized controlled trials.$$$ background: short-term interleukin-23p19 inhibition by tildrakizumab improves plaque psoriasis and appears to be well tolerated., objectives: safety and tolerability were assessed for up to 64 weeks of tildrakizumab therapy using pooled data from three randomized controlled trials for moderate-to-severe psoriasis., methods: data pools for the placebo-controlled (up to 16 weeks) and full trial periods (up to 64 weeks) were analysed (n = 2081)., results: in the placebo-controlled period, frequencies of treatment-emergent adverse events (teaes.
pgaxbsa: a measure of psoriasis severity tested in patients with active psoriatic arthritis and treated with certolizumab pegol.$$$ objective: the product of physician's global assessment and body surface area (pgaxbsa) to assess psoriasis severity has previously been investigated in patients with psoriasis, with the aim of assessing pgaxbsa as an alternative to the time-consuming psoriasis area and severity index (pasi). here, we investigate pgaxbsa as an alternative to pasi in patients with psoriatic arthritis (psa)., methods: analyses used data from the double-blind, placebo-controlled, rapid-psa trial (nct01087788) that investigated the efficacy of certolizumab pegol (czp) in patients with psa. outcomes assessed whether the pgaxbsa and pasi results were comparable, and whether these outcomes correlated with one another or with the dermatology life quality index (dlqi)., results: for czp-treated patients, both pgaxbsa and pasi demonstrated similar sensitivities to treatment between baseline and week 24, with mean improvements of 77.4% and 69.0%, respectively. similar improvements were also seen with placebo (pgaxbsa: 3.2%, pasi: 6.1%). achievement of 75% response criterion in pgaxbsa and pasi was attained by similar proportions of patients with czp (pgaxbsa75: 59.0%, pasi75: 61.4%) and placebo (pga x bsa75: 15.1%, pasi75: 15.1%). cross tabulations showed high concordance between achievement of response outcomes in pgaxbsa and pasi (79.6-95.2%). spearman correlations revealed strong correlations between pgaxbsa and pasi at baseline (r = 0.78.
anxiety and depression in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis and comparison of change from baseline after treatment with guselkumab vs. adalimumab: results from the phase 3 voyage 2 study.$$$ background: anxiety and depression are clinically significant comorbidities associated with psoriasis. improvements in psoriasis are known to decrease anxiety and depression. guselkumab, an anti-interleukin-23 monoclonal antibody, has demonstrated efficacy and safety for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis., objective: assess improvements in anxiety and depression with guselkumab vs. placebo and adalimumab using the hospital anxiety and depression scale (hads)., methods: in voyage 2, a phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo- and adalimumab-controlled study, patients received placebo (through week 16 followed by crossover to guselkumab), guselkumab, or adalimumab through week 24. hads consists of two subscales measuring anxiety (hads-a) and depression (hads-d), with scores ranging from 0 to 21 and higher scores indicating more severe symptoms. scores >=8 indicate instrument-defined anxiety or depression. severity of psoriasis was assessed using the psoriasis area and severity index (pasi)., results: among 989 patients randomized (with baseline hads measurements), mean hads-a and hads-d scores were 6.8 +/- 4.2 and 5.3 +/- 4.2, respectively.
randomized, controlled study of bleselumab (askp1240) pharmacokinetics and safety in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ this study evaluated the pharmacokinetics (pk), efficacy, safety, and tolerability of bleselumab - a fully-human anti-cd40 monoclonal recombinant igg4. patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis were randomized on day 1 to receive bleselumab or placebo on days 1, 15 and 29 in a dose-escalation of bleselumab at 0.1, 0.3, 1.0 or 3.0 mg/kg. the safety-analysis set (saf) and full-analysis set (fas) included all patients who received bleselumab or placebo, and the pk-analysis set (pkas) included patients in the saf with >=1 quantifiable serum bleselumab concentration. serial blood samples were collected after each dose, and the bleselumab serum concentration was measured. after each dose, the area-under-the-concentration-time curve over 336 hours (auc336 ) and the maximum serum concentration (cmax ), and dose proportionality of auc336 and cmax were determined. the psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) score, the physician static global assessment (psga) score, the percentage body surface area (%bsa) affected with psoriasis, adverse events and laboratory parameters were assessed. sixty patients were randomized and included in the saf/fas (bleselumab, n = 49.
effects of etanercept on the patient-perceived results (pros) in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis.$$$ purpose: to evaluate the efficacy of etanercept (etn) compared with placebo for moderate-to-severe psoriasis regarding patient-reported outcomes (pros)., methods: systematic review of studies retrieved by a sensitive search strategy in medline, embase, cochrane library., selection criteria: (population) studies had to include patients with for moderate-to-severe psoriasis.
certolizumab pegol for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis: results through 48 weeks of a phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, etanercept- and placebo-controlled study (cimpact).$$$ background: phase 2 psoriasis studies with the fc-free, pegylated, anti-tumor necrosis factor biologic certolizumab pegol demonstrated meaningful clinical activity., objective: assess safety and efficacy of certolizumab in adults with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis., methods: patients were randomized 3:3:1:3 to certolizumab 400 mg, certolizumab 200 mg, or placebo every 2 weeks for 16 weeks or etanercept 50 mg twice weekly for 12 weeks. certolizumab-treated patients achieving a >=75% reduction in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) at week 16 from baseline pasi were rerandomized to certolizumab or placebo for 32 weeks. the primary endpoint was responder rate (>=75% reduction in pasi from baseline pasi) versus placebo (primary analysis) and etanercept (secondary analysis) at week 12.
certolizumab pegol for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis: results through 48 weeks from 2 phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled studies (cimpasi-1 and cimpasi-2).$$$ background: certolizumab pegol, the only fc-free, pegylated anti-tumor necrosis factor biologic, demonstrated clinically meaningful improvements suggestive of a positive risk-benefit balance in phase 2 studies in adults with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis., objective: assess certolizumab efficacy and safety versus placebo in phase 3 studies., methods: patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis were randomized 2:2:1 to certolizumab 400 mg, certolizumab 200 mg, or placebo every 2 weeks. at week 16, certolizumab-treated patients achieving a 50% reduction in psoriasis area and severity index continued treatment through week 48. coprimary endpoints were week 16 responder rates, defined as a 75% reduction in psoriasis area and severity index and physician's global assessment 0/1 (clear/almost clear) and >=2-point improvement. safety was assessed by treatment-emergent adverse events., results: week-16 endpoints were significantly greater for both doses of certolizumab versus placebo, and the responses were maintained through week 48. for most measures, improvement was numerically greater for certolizumab 400 mg. no unexpected safety signals were identified., limitation: there was no active comparator., conclusion: treatment with either certolizumab 400 mg or 200 mg every 2 weeks was associated with significant and clinically meaningful improvements in moderate-to-severe psoriasis. the 400-mg dose could provide additional clinical benefit. the safety profile was consistent with the therapeutic class. copyright © 2018 american academy of dermatology, inc. published by elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
efficacy and safety of ixekizumab over 4 years of open-label treatment in a phase 2 study in chronic plaque psoriasis.$$$ background: ixekizumab has demonstrated improvement in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis by selectively targeting interleukin-17a, which is a proinflammatory cytokine that is important in the pathogenesis of psoriasis., objective: to report 4-year efficacy and safety results from the open-label extension (ole) of this phase 2 trial., methods: analysis was by last observation carried forward. patients received ixekizumab, 120 mg, and then 80 mg subcutaneously once every 4 weeks., results: of the patients who completed the randomized placebo-controlled trial, 93% entered the ole. a 75% reduction in the psoriasis area severity index score was reported in 82% of patients at week 208 of the ole. a static physician's global assessment score of 0 or 1 was reported in 64% of patients, and a score of 0 was reported in 45% at week 208. patients' dermatology life quality index and itch visual analog scale scores decreased when compared with baseline. improvements were observed in other efficacy and health outcome measures. serious adverse events were observed in 16.7% of patients, and 87% had 1 or more treatment-emergent adverse events. three patients had serious infections. one patient reported 2 major cardiovascular events., limitations: the study was unblinded and lacked a placebo or active comparator., conclusions: efficacy was shown to be maintained for up to 4 years of ixekizumab treatment. copyright © 2018 american academy of dermatology, inc. published by elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
secukinumab treatment in new-onset psoriasis: aiming to understand the potential for disease modification - rationale and design of the randomized, multicenter stepin study.$$$ background: to date, biological treatments have been assessed in subjects with a long-term history of psoriasis and previous failures to systemic and topical therapies. in rheumatoid arthritis and other immune-mediated inflammatory diseases, early intensive systemic treatment prolongs treatment-free remission. we hypothesize that, by treating patients with psoriasis early with an effective systemic therapy, we may be able to alter the clinical outcome and the natural course of the disease. the stepin study (nct03020199) investigates early intervention with secukinumab versus narrow-band ultraviolet b (nb-uvb) phototherapy in subjects with new-onset psoriasis., objective: to determine whether early intervention with either nb-uvb treatment or secukinumab in subjects with new-onset plaque psoriasis might modify the natural course of the disease., methods: one hundred and sixty subjects aged 18-50 years with new-onset (<=12 months) moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis and naive to systemic treatment and phototherapy will be randomized to secukinumab 300 mg or nb-uvb. the main study has two treatment arms: arm a1, subcutaneous secukinumab 300 mg at baseline, weeks 1, 2, 3 and 4, and every 4 weeks thereafter until and including week 52.
dual neutralization of both interleukin 17a and interleukin 17f with bimekizumab in patients with psoriasis: results from be able 1, a 12-week randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled phase 2b trial.$$$ background: neutralizing interleukin (il) 17f in addition to il-17a might provide a more complete and specific approach to inhibiting inflammation., objective: assess the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab, a monoclonal antibody that potently and selectively neutralizes il-17a and il-17f, in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., methods: double-blinded, placebo-controlled phase 2b study (nct02905006). patients (randomized 1:1:1:1:1:1) received subcutaneous bimekizumab every 4 weeks at doses of 64 mg, 160 mg, 160 mg with 320 mg loading dose, 320 mg, 480 mg, or placebo. primary endpoint was >=90% reduction in psoriasis area severity index (pasi90) at week 12., results: there was a significant (p < .0001) dose-dependent response for pasi90 (week 12).
curcumin nanoparticles potentiate therapeutic effectiveness of acitrein in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients and control serum cholesterol levels.$$$ objectives: in this study, nanoparticles of curcumin were developed and orally administered to moderate-to-severe psoriasis (psoriasis area severity index values, pasi > 10) patients, in a placebo controlled, double blind, randomised clinical trial to evaluate the effectiveness., methods: diverse binary systems of curcumin and hydrophilic polymers were investigated to optimise solubility and stability in terms of curcumin residual content and size of the crystals. nanocrystals of curcumin stabilised with pvp (1 : 0.5, w/w), were characterised using x-ray diffraction, differential scanning calorimetry, tem analyses and stability studies. the formulation was evaluated with a parallel artificial membrane permeability assay to predict the passive intestinal absorption. the first group of patients was treated orally with acitretin (0.4 mg/kg per day) plus nanocurcumin (3 g/day), the second group with acitretin, for 12 weeks., key findings: curcumin nanoparticles were homogeneous and stable systems. curcumin permeability was significantly enhanced when compared with aqueous saturated solution of curcumin. the reduction in pasi was significantly higher in patients treated with curcumin (p < 0.0001) and cholesterol serum levels remained unchanged in patients treated with acitretin plus nanocurcumin., conclusions: curcumin nanoparticles represent an effective adjuvant therapy in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients treated with oral acitretin, improving their lipid serum profile. copyright © 2018 royal pharmaceutical society.
comparison of drug discontinuation, effectiveness, and safety between clinical trial eligible and ineligible patients in badbir.$$$ importance: patients with psoriasis enrolled in clinical trials of biologics may not be representative of the real-world population. there is evidence that patients ineligible for such trials have a greater risk of serious adverse events (saes), but the effect on drug discontinuation and effectiveness are unknown., objective: to determine whether (1) drug discontinuation, (2) effectiveness, and (3) rates of saes differ in patients with psoriasis categorized as eligible or ineligible for clinical trials., design, setting, and participants: an observational study using 157 dermatology centers in the united kingdom and republic of ireland was carried out wherein we applied the eligibility criteria of clinical trials of biologic therapies for psoriasis to patients who were being followed up in the british association of dermatologists biologic interventions register (badbir) and being prescribed biologics as part of standard clinical care. patients with psoriasis registered to badbir who were taking etanercept (enbrel only.
dimethyl fumarate (dmf) vs. monoethyl fumarate (mef) salts for the treatment of plaque psoriasis: a review of clinical data.$$$ fumarates (fumaric acid esters, faes) are orally administered systemic agents used for the treatment of psoriasis and multiple sclerosis. in 1994, a proprietary combination of faes was licensed for psoriasis by the german drug administration for use within germany. since then, fumarates have been established as one of the most commonly used treatments for moderate-to-severe psoriasis in germany and other countries. the licensed fae formulation contains dimethyl fumarate (dmf), as well as calcium, zinc, and magnesium salts of monoethyl fumarate (mef). while the clinical efficacy of this fae mixture is well established, the combination of esters on which it is based, and its dosing regimen, was determined empirically. since the mid-1990s, the modes of action and contribution of the different faes to their overall therapeutic effect in psoriasis, as well as their adverse event profile, have been investigated in more detail. in this article, the available clinical data for dmf are reviewed and compared with data for the other faes. the current evidence substantiates that dmf is the main active compound, via its metabolic transformation to monomethyl fumarate (mmf). a recent phase iii randomized and placebo-controlled trial including more than 700 patients demonstrated therapeutic equivalence when comparing the licensed fae combination with dmf alone, in terms of psoriasis clearance according to the psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) and physician's global assessment (pga). thus, dmf as monotherapy for the treatment of psoriasis is as efficacious as in combination with mef, making the addition of such fumarate derivatives unnecessary.
brodalumab: a review of safety.$$$ interleukin (il)-17 is important in the pathophysiology of psoriasis and has proven to be an effective therapeutic target. brodalumab, the third commercially available il-17 antagonist, was approved by the us fda in february 2017 for the treatment of moderate-tosevere plaque psoriasis. as brodalumab enters the marketplace, it is imperative to investigate its safety profile. we conducted a safety assessment of brodalumab using publically available adverse event data from phase ii and iii clinical trials. the most common adverse events were nasopharyngitis, upper respiratory tract infection, and candidiasis. the fda issued a black box warning after six patients treated with brodalumab across four clinical trials committed suicide, but no causal relationship was identified. current evidence suggests a similar safety profile for brodalumab compared to other il-17 antagonists used to treat moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
secukinumab improves active psoriatic arthritis symptoms and inhibits radiographic progression: primary results from the randomised, double-blind, phase iii future 5 study.$$$ objectives: to evaluate the effect of subcutaneous (s.c.) secukinumab, an interleukin-17a inhibitor, on clinical signs and symptoms and radiographic progression in patients with psoriatic arthritis (psa)., methods: adults (n=996) with active psa were randomised 2:2:2:3 to s.c. secukinumab 300 mg or 150 mg with loading dose (ld), 150 mg without ld or placebo. all groups received secukinumab or placebo at baseline, weeks 1, 2 and 3 and then every 4 weeks from week 4. the primary endpoint was the proportion of patients achieving an american college of rheumatology 20 (acr20) response at week 16., results: significantly more patients achieved an acr20 response at week 16 with secukinumab 300 mg with ld (62.6%), 150 mg with ld (55.5%) or 150 mg without ld (59.5%) than placebo (27.4%) (p<0.0001 for all.
a comprehensive evaluation of exposure-response relationships in clinical trials: application to support guselkumab dose selection for patients with psoriasis.$$$ guselkumab, a human igg1 monoclonal antibody that blocks interleukin-23, has been evaluated in one phase 2 and two phase 3 trials in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis, in which disease severity was assessed using psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) and investigator's global assessment (iga) scores. through the application of landmark and longitudinal exposure-response (e-r) modeling analyses, we sought to predict the guselkumab dose-response (d-r) relationship using data from 1459 patients who participated in these trials. a recently developed novel latent-variable type i indirect response joint model was applied to pasi75/90/100 and iga response thresholds, with placebo effect empirically modeled. an effect of body weight on e-r, independent of pharmacokinetics, was identified. thorough landmark analyses also were implemented using the same dataset. the e-r models were combined with a population pharmacokinetic model to generate d-r predictions. the relative merits of longitudinal and landmark analysis also are discussed. the results provide a comprehensive and robust evaluation of the d-r relationship.
ixekizumab treatment shows a neutral impact on cardiovascular parameters in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: results from uncover-1, uncover-2, and uncover-3.$$$ background: the impact of ixekizumab treatment for psoriasis on cardiovascular-related parameters in patients is unknown., objective: to investigate cardiovascular-related parameters in patients with psoriasis treated with ixekizumab., methods: in phase 3 trials, patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis were randomized and treated with placebo, ixekizumab, or etanercept during the induction period (weeks 0-12.
a systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of the interleukin (il)-12/23 and il-17 inhibitors ustekinumab, secukinumab, ixekizumab, brodalumab, guselkumab and tildrakizumab for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ objective: to systematically analyze the efficacy and safety of interleukin (il)-12/23, il-17, and selective il-23 inhibitors in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis., methods and results: twenty-four randomized placebo-controlled trials were included. compared to placebo, risk ratios (rr) of achieving pasi-75 and pga/iga 0/1 respectively were 20.20 (95% ci 13.82-29.54, p < .00001) and 14.55 (10.42-20.31, p < .00001) for ustekinumab 90 mg, 13.75 (8.49-22.28, p < .00001) and 9.81 (5.70-16.89, p < .00001) for ustekinumab 45 mg, 17.65 (12.38-25.17, p < .00001) and 26.13 (16.05-42.53, p < .00001) for secukinumab 300 mg, 15.36 (10.76-21.94, p < .00001) and 20.91 (12.82-34.13, p < .00001) for secukinumab 150 mg, 18.22 (10.63-31.23, p < .000001) and 18.82 (10.36-34.16, p < .00001) for ixekizumab 80 mg every 4 weeks, 19.83 (11.07-35.52, p < .00001) and 20.41 (11.01-37.81, p < .00001) for ixekizumab 80 mg every 2 weeks, 14.79 (9.86-22.16, p < .00001) and 21.93 (15.52-31.01, p < .00001) for brodalumab 210 mg, 11.55 (7.77-17.18, p < .00001) and 16.59 (11.72-23.49, p < .00001) for brodalumab 140 mg, 12.40 (8.87-17.34, p < .00001) and 10.84 (7.91-14.85, p < .00001) for guselkumab 100 mg, 11.45 (7.45-17.58, p < .00001) and 10.97 (6.44-18.69, p < .00001) for tildrakizumab 200 mg, 11.02 (7.17-16.93, p < .00001) and 10.03 (6.45-15.59, p < .00001) for tildrakizumab 100 mg. similar outcomes were seen for pasi-90. safety was satisfactory for each therapy at any dose, but a slightly increased risk of withdrawal due to toxicity was observed in individuals receiving ixekizumab compared to placebo., conclusion: ustekinumab, secukinumab, ixekizumab, brodalumab, guselkumab, and tildrakizumab were highly efficacious and generally well-tolerated when used as treatments for moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
brodalumab: a review in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ brodalumab (kyntheum r) is a human anti-interleukin-17 receptor a (il-17ra) monoclonal antibody available for use in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. in the phase iii amagine trials in this patient population, 12 weeks of induction therapy with subcutaneous brodalumab was superior to placebo in terms of the proportion of patients with >= 75% improvement in the psoriasis area and severity index score (pasi 75) and the proportion of patients with a static physician global assessment score of 0 or 1. brodalumab was also superior to ustekinumab for pasi 100 (i.e. complete skin clearance) at week 12. health-related quality of life (hr-qol) outcomes improved to a significantly greater extent with brodalumab than with placebo. moreover, brodalumab was more effective than placebo in patients with difficult-to-treat nail or scalp psoriasis. brodalumab was generally well tolerated, with low rates of immunogenicity. efficacy was sustained and brodalumab remained well tolerated during up to 52 weeks of maintenance therapy. thus, subcutaneous brodalumab is a useful addition to the treatment options currently available for patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
improvement in itch and other psoriasis symptoms with brodalumab in phase 3 randomized controlled trials.$$$ background: patients with psoriasis have lesional symptoms, including itch, which can reduce quality of life. the efficacy and safety of brodalumab, an interleukin-17 receptor a antagonist, in treating moderate-to-severe psoriasis have been reported in three randomized, controlled, phase 3 trials (amagine-1/-2/-3)., objective: the effect of brodalumab on lesional symptoms was assessed using the psoriasis symptom inventory (psi), a validated patient-reported instrument., methods: patients were randomized to receive brodalumab (140 or 210 mg every 2 weeks [q2w]), placebo (amagine-1/-2/-3), or ustekinumab (amagine-2/-3) during a 12-week induction phase, followed by a maintenance phase through week 52. patients electronically rated the severity of psi items (itch, burning, stinging, pain, redness, scaling, cracking and flaking) during the previous 24 h on a scale of 0 (not at all severe) to 4 (very severe). at each visit, the psi total score responder status was assessed, with responders defined as having an average weekly total inventory score <=8 with no item score >1 at week 12., results: across amagine-1/-2/-3, brodalumab was associated with improvements in psi total scores and itch scores vs. placebo from week 2 through week 12 (p < 0.001 in both domains). in amagine-2/-3, brodalumab 210 mg q2w demonstrated faster onset of psi total score and itch responses (week 2, 22.1% and 36.4%, respectively) vs. ustekinumab (week 2, 6.9% and 17.1%, respectively) and was associated with improved itch responses vs. ustekinumab after 52 weeks of constant treatment., conclusion: brodalumab demonstrated rapid, robust improvements in symptoms assessed by the psi, including itch, vs. placebo and ustekinumab. copyright © 2018 european academy of dermatology and venereology.
patient-reported symptoms and signs of moderate-to-severe psoriasis treated with guselkumab or adalimumab: results from the randomized voyage 1 trial.$$$ background: how patients experience the symptoms/signs of psoriasis is highly relevant for assessing treatment response., objectives: compare outcomes with guselkumab, placebo and adalimumab utilizing the novel, validated psoriasis symptoms and signs diary (pssd)., methods: voyage 1 is an ongoing, phase iii, double-blinded, controlled trial of patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. patients were randomized to guselkumab 100 mg every 8 weeks.
impact of previous biologic use on the efficacy and safety of brodalumab and ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: integrated analysis of the randomized controlled trials amagine-2 and amagine-3.$$$ background: biologics are being used increasingly to treat moderate-to-severe psoriasis. efficacy may differ in patients with previous exposure to biologics., objectives: to investigate the impact of previous biologic exposure on the efficacy and safety of brodalumab and ustekinumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., methods: two placebo- and ustekinumab-controlled phase iii clinical trials. there was an initial 12-week induction phase where patients were treated with brodalumab [210 mg or 140 mg every 2 weeks (q2w)], ustekinumab or placebo. efficacy end points included >= 75% improvement in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 75) and static physician's global assessment (score of 0 or 1) vs. placebo, pasi 100 vs. ustekinumab, dermatology life quality index and psoriasis symptom inventory. adverse events were monitored throughout., results: in total, 493 patients [334 (27%) brodalumab 210 mg q2w and 159 (26%) ustekinumab] had received prior biologics.
guselkumab for the treatment of psoriasis.$$$ introduction: psoriasis is a chronic immune mediated disease in which the interplay of t cells and keratinocytes seems to play a key role. in this context, the interleukin (il)-23/il-17 axis is currently considered to be crucial in the pathogenesis of psoriasis and the selective inhibition of il-23 may be viewed as an improvement of treatments blocking both il-23 and il-12, since its upstream actions. areas covered: the authors performed a thorough and updated review on guselkumab, a fully human igg1lambda monoclonal antibody that blocks the p19 subunit of il-23, analyzing efficacy and safety data from phase i, ii and iii trials. expert opinion: guselkumab represents a very promising therapy, providing an alternative mechanism of action with high efficacy and safety profiles, sustained total skin clearance, and rapid onset of effect also to psoriasis patients who previously failed or experienced an inadequate response to anti-tnf-alpha or anti-il12/23. guselkumab will definitively shift therapeutic goals of psoriasis management from pasi 75 to pasi 90 and 100 due to its exciting trials results, also favored by its increased treatment adherence due to its administering regimen (100 mg injection at week 0, 4 and then every 8 weeks).
ixekizumab for treating moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: an evidence review group perspective of a nice single technology appraisal.$$$ the national institute for health and care excellence invited eli lilly and company ltd, the company manufacturing ixekizumab (tradename taltz r), to submit evidence for the clinical and cost effectiveness of ixekizumab. ixekizumab was compared with tumour necrosis factor-alpha inhibitors (etanercept, infliximab, adalimumab), ustekinumab, secukinumab, best supportive care and, if non-biological treatment or phototherapy is suitable, also compared with systemic non-biological therapies and phototherapy with ultraviolet b radiation for adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. kleijnen systematic reviews ltd, in collaboration with maastricht university medical center, was commissioned as the independent evidence review group. this article presents a summary of the company submission, the evidence review group report and the development of the national institute for health and care excellence guidance for the use of this drug in england and wales by the appraisal committee. the evidence review group produced a critical review of the clinical and cost effectiveness of ixekizumab based on the company submission. the company submission presented three randomised controlled trials identified in a systematic review. all randomised controlled trials were phase iii, multicentre placebo-controlled trials including 3866 participants with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. two trials also included an active comparator (etanercept). all randomised controlled trials showed statistically significant increases in two primary outcomes, static physician global assessment (0,1) and improvement of 75% from baseline in the psoriasis area and severity index. ixekizumab was generally well tolerated in the randomised controlled trials, with similar discontinuation rates because of adverse events as placebo or etanercept. the most frequent adverse events of special interest were infections and injection-site reactions. the company submission also included a network meta-analysis of relevant comparators. the evidence review group highlighted some issues regarding the systematic review process and an issue with the generalisability of the findings in that the trials failed to include patients with moderate psoriasis according to a widely used definition. this issue was considered by the appraisal committee and the population was deemed generalisable to patients in england and wales. based on the network meta-analysis, the appraisal committee concluded that ixekizumab was more clinically effective than adalimumab and ustekinumab, and agreed it was likely that ixekizumab was similarly effective compared with secukinumab and infliximab while tolerability was similar to other biological treatments approved for treating psoriasis. the evidence review group's critical assessment of the company's economic evaluation highlighted a number of concerns, including (1) the use of relative outcomes such as psoriasis area and severity index response to model the cost effectiveness.
efficacy and safety of apremilast in systemic- and biologic-naive patients with moderate plaque psoriasis: 52-week results of unveil.$$$ background: many patients with moderate plaque psoriasis are undertreated despite broadening treatment options. in the phase iv unveil study, oral apremilast demonstrated efficacy and safety in systemic-naive patients with chronic moderate plaque psoriasis with lower psoriasis-involved body surface area (bsa.
safety and tolerability of ixekizumab: integrated analysis of injection-site reactions from 11 clinical trials.$$$ background: injection-site reactions (isrs) are reported with biologic therapies. the objective of this study was to comprehensively characterize isrs among moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients treated with ixekizumab, a high-affinity monoclonal antibody that selectively targets interleukin (il)-17a. methods: isrs are presented from uncover-1, uncover-2, and uncover-3 (12 weeks) and all ixekizumab-exposed patients in 11 controlled and uncontrolled trials (156 weeks). results: at week 12, reported isr frequency with 80 mg ixekizumab every 2 weeks (ixe q2w, 16.8%) was comparable with etanercept twice weekly (16.4%).
secukinumab demonstrates high sustained efficacy and a favourable safety profile in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis through 5 years of treatment (sculpture extension study).$$$ background: secukinumab, a fully human monoclonal antibody that selectively neutralizes il-17a, has been shown to have significant efficacy and a favourable safety profile in the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis., objective: to assess the efficacy and safety of secukinumab through 5 years of treatment in moderate-to-severe psoriasis., methods: in the core sculpture study, psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) 75 responders at week 12 continued receiving subcutaneous secukinumab until year 1. thereafter, patients entered the extension phase and continued treatment as per the core trial. treatment was double-blinded until the end of year 3 and open-label from year 4. here, we focus on the 300 mg fixed-interval (every 4 weeks) treatment, the recommended per label dose. efficacy data are primarily reported as observed, but multiple imputation (mi) and last observation carried forward (locf) techniques were also undertaken as supportive analyses., results: at year 1, 168 patients entered the extension study and at the end of year 5, 126 patients completed 300 mg (every 4 weeks) treatment. pasi 75/90/100 responses at year 1 (88.9%, 68.5% and 43.8%, respectively) were sustained to year 5 (88.5%, 66.4% and 41%). pasi responses were consistent regardless of the analysis undertaken (as observed, mi, or locf). the average improvement in mean pasi was approximately 90% through 5 years compared with core study baseline. dlqi (dermatology life quality index) 0/1 response also sustained through 5 years (72.7% at year 1 and 65.5% at year 5). the safety profile of secukinumab remained favourable, with no cumulative or unexpected safety concerns identified., conclusion: secukinumab 300 mg treatment delivered high and sustained levels of skin clearance and improved quality of life through 5 years in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. favourable safety established in the secukinumab phase 2/3 programme was maintained through 5 years. copyright © 2018 the authors. journal of the european academy of dermatology and venereology published by john wiley & sons ltd on behalf of european academy of dermatology and venereology.
comparative effectiveness of targeted immunomodulators for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.$$$ background: the comparative effectiveness of available targeted immunomodulators for moderate-to-severe psoriasis has not been evaluated., objective: to evaluate the comparative effectiveness of targeted immunomodulators for adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., methods: systematic literature review of placebo-controlled and head-to-head randomized trials of 8 targeted immunomodulators that evaluated clinical benefits or harm. the primary outcome was a 75% improvement on the psoriasis area and severity index. we also conducted a network meta-analysis adjusted for placebo response to perform indirect comparisons between agents., results: in the network meta-analysis, the targeted immunomodulators ordered by increasing relative risk (demonstrating greater likelihood) of achieving a 75% improvement on the psoriasis area and severity index relative to placebo were as follows: apremilast (6.2), etanercept (9.6), adalimumab (13.0), ustekinumab (14.0), secukinumab (15.4), infliximab (16.2), brodalumab (17.3), and ixekizumab (17.9). ixekizumab, brodalumab, and infliximab were all statistically superior to ustekinumab, adalimumab, etanercept, and apremilast.
minimal disease activity among active psoriatic arthritis patients treated with secukinumab: 2-year results from a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, placebo-controlled phase iii study.$$$ objective: to evaluate minimal disease activity (mda) among psoriatic arthritis (psa) patients receiving secukinumab through 2 years in the future 2 study., methods: patients with active psa were randomized to receive subcutaneous secukinumab 300, 150, or 75 mg or placebo. mda was assessed in the overall population (anti-tumor necrosis factor [anti-tnf]-naive and inadequate responders [anti-tnf-ir]) and in patients stratified by prior anti-tnf exposure and by time since diagnosis at weeks 16, 24, 52, and 104. function and patient-reported outcomes (pros), including health-related quality of life (qol) and work productivity, were assessed in mda responders versus nonresponders., results: overall, 28% of patients (27 of 98) and 23% (23 of 100) achieved mda at week 16 with secukinumab 300 and 150 mg, respectively, versus 10% (9 of 94) with placebo. in the anti-tnf-naive cohort, a higher proportion of patients achieved mda at week 16 with secukinumab 300 and 150 mg (34% and 32%, respectively) versus placebo (13%). the corresponding value in the anti-tnf-ir cohort was 15% and 8% with secukinumab 300 and 150 mg, respectively, versus with placebo (3%). at week 16, 27.1% of mda responders (16 of 59) achieved a very low disease activity (vlda) response, with the percentage being numerically greater with secukinumab 300 and 150 mg (30% [8 of 27] and 26% [6 of 23], respectively) versus placebo (22% [2 of 9]). the mda and vlda responses with secukinumab 300 and 150 mg were sustained through 2 years. mda responders showed greater improvements in qol outcomes compared to nonresponders through 2 years., conclusion: a greater proportion of patients achieved mda with secukinumab versus placebo at week 16, with response rates sustained through 2 years. mda was associated with improved pros, including qol, through 2 years. copyright © 2018, american college of rheumatology.
efficacy and safety of continuous every-2-week dosing of ixekizumab over 52 weeks in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in a randomized phase iii trial (ixora-p).$$$ background: ixekizumab is an interleukin-17a antagonist approved for treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis with a recommended 160-mg starting dose, then 80 mg every 2 weeks (q2w) to week 12, and every 4 weeks (q4w) thereafter., objective: to evaluate continuous q2w dosing over 52 weeks., methods: in this phase iii, multicentre, double-blinded, parallel-group trial, three ixekizumab dosing regimens were assessed for efficacy and safety at week 52 in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis randomized at a 2 : 1 : 1 ratio to continuous q2w (n = 611), continuous q4w (n = 310) or dose adjustment per protocol (q4w/q2w, n = 306), each with a 160-mg starting dose. dose adjustment was determined by predefined criteria to which investigators were blinded.
initial results of secukinumab drug survival in patients with psoriasis: a multicentre daily practice cohort study.$$$ interleukin 17-antagonist secukinumab demonstrated high efficacy for treatment of psoriasis in randomized controlled trials. however, performance in daily practice may differ from trials. drug survival is a comprehensive outcome covering effectiveness and safety, suitable for analyses of daily practice. the aim of this study was to evaluate drug survival of secukinumab in a daily practice psoriasis cohort. data were collected from 13 hospitals. drug survival was analysed using kaplan-meier survival curves, split for reason of discontinuation. in total, 196 patients were included (83% biologic experienced). overall, 12 and 18 months drug survival of secukinumab was 76% and 67%, respectively, and was mostly determined by ineffectiveness. there was a trend towards shorter drug survival in women and in biologic experienced patients. thirteen percent of patients experienced at least one episode of fungal infection. this is one of the first studies of drug survival of secukinumab in patients with psoriasis treated in daily practice.
efficacy and safety of secukinumab in elderly subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis: a pooled analysis of phase iii studies.$$$ background: psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease, affecting patients of a wide age range, including elderly patients. elderly patients can respond differently to drug treatments and can be more vulnerable to adverse reactions. there are limited data on biologic therapies for psoriasis in elderly subjects. secukinumab, a fully human monoclonal antibody that selectively neutralizes il-17a, has proven significant efficacy in the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis., aims: a post-hoc analysis of three phase iii trials (erasure, fixture and clear) was performed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of secukinumab in elderly subjects., methods: studies were multicentre, randomized, parallel-group, double-blind, 52-week phase iii trials in subjects with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. for efficacy analyses, 67 elderly subjects (>= 65 years) treated with secukinumab 300 mg were compared with 841 younger subjects (18-64 years). psoriasis area and severity index (pasi), dermatological life quality index (dlqi) and safety were analysed., results: elderly subjects had higher baseline frequencies of cardiovascular and metabolic disorders. secukinumab efficacy in elderly subjects was comparable to that in younger subjects throughout 52 weeks of treatment. pasi 75 response was reached by 81.8% of elderly subjects and 79.4% of younger subjects at week 52. similar rates of dlqi 0/1 response were observed. the total rate of adverse events was similar between elderly and younger subjects., conclusions: secukinumab at the recommended dose (300 mg) is effective and acceptably safe in subjects aged >= 65 years with moderate to severe psoriasis, with quality-of-life benefits, despite an increased prevalence of cardiovascular and metabolic comorbidities in this population.
subcutaneous methotrexate in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a critical appraisal.$$$ aim: warren et al. set out to assess the effect of an intensified dosing schedule of subcutaneous methotrexate in patients with moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis., setting and design: this was a prospective, double-blind, randomized (3 : 1), placebo-controlled study, conducted across 16 centres in germany, france, the netherlands and the u.k., study exposure: methotrexate-naive adults with a diagnosis of moderate-to-severe chronic plaque psoriasis for at least 6 months before baseline were randomly assigned to receive weekly subcutaneous injections of either methotrexate at a starting dose of 17.5 mg, or placebo for 16 weeks (first phase). dose escalation to 22.5 mg per week was implemented after 8 weeks if patients did not achieve >= 50% improvement in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 50). treatment was combined with folic acid 5 mg per week. the first phase of the study was followed by an open-label period from 16 to 52 weeks (second phase), in which both groups received weekly methotrexate injections. at week 24, dose escalation to 22.5 mg per week was possible in patients not achieving pasi 50., outcomes: psoriasis severity was measured using pasi. the authors also used two other psoriasis severity measures and two quality-of-life measures, looked at safety indices and performed a substudy analysing paired skin biopsies at baseline and week 16 (histopathology, immunohistochemistry and expression of interleukin-17a, interferon-gamma and tumour necrosis factor-alpha)., primary outcome measures: the primary outcome was the proportion of patients reaching pasi 75 at week 16., results: in total 120 patients were included in this trial, most of whom were middle-aged white men with long-standing psoriasis, and the mean body mass index was 30.1 kg m-2 . pasi 75 was achieved in 41% of patients receiving methotrexate vs. 10% of patients receiving placebo (relative risk 3.93, 95% confidence interval 1.31-11.81.
differential effects of secukinumab vs. ustekinumab for treatment of psoriasis on quality of life, work productivity and activity impairment: a structural equation modelling analysis.$$$ background: the appearance and lifelong, chronic nature of psoriasis result in considerable burden to patients, such as sleep impairment, depressive symptoms, negative self-esteem and reduced work productivity., objectives: to examine direct and indirect (mediated) effects of secukinumab vs. ustekinumab on quality of life, work productivity and activity impairment based on psoriasis severity and symptoms., methods: analyses were based on data from the clear study. structural equation modelling examined the effects of secukinumab vs. ustekinumab on the dermatology life quality index (dlqi) and on the work productivity and activity impairment (wpai) questionnaire using psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) severity and symptoms (pain, itching and scaling) as potential mediators. analyses were conducted primarily for patients achieving a pasi 90 response (90% or greater reduction in pasi from baseline) at week 16 (repeated at week 52) and for pasi 50, 75 and 100., results: results at weeks 16 and 52 showed that the effect of treatment on change in dlqi score was mediated by the pasi 90 response and by improvements in itching, pain, and scaling. achieving any pasi response as early as week 16 directly resulted in significantly better wpai scores. at week 52, both pasi response and improvement in scaling directly resulted in significantly better wpai scores. pain, itching and scaling were correlated (r = 0.51-0.68).
early and sustained efficacy with apremilast monotherapy in biological-naive patients with psoriatic arthritis: a phase iiib, randomised controlled trial (active).$$$ objective: evaluate apremilast efficacy across various psoriatic arthritis (psa) manifestations beginning at week 2 in biological-naive patients with psa., methods: patients were randomised (1:1) to apremilast 30 mg twice daily or placebo. at week 16, patients whose swollen and tender joint counts had not improved by >=10% were eligible for early escape. at week 24, all patients received apremilast through week 52., results: among 219 randomised patients (apremilast: n=110.
the comparative efficacy of brodalumab in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis: a systematic literature review and network meta-analysis.$$$ purpose: to evaluate the relative efficacy of brodalumab compared with approved biologic therapies and apremilast for moderate-to-severe psoriasis., methods: we searched medline, embase, and cochrane for randomized controlled trials reporting induction phase responses. the primary analysis examined the proportion of patients achieving psoriasis area severity index (pasi) 50, 75, 90, or 100 responses using a random-effects bayesian multinomial likelihood model with probit link, with and without adjustment for variation in study-level placebo responses., results: a total of 54 studies were included. based on pasi 100 response, the most efficacious therapies were brodalumab 210 mg every two weeks (q2w) and ixekizumab. brodalumab 210 mg q2w was significantly more efficacious than adalimumab, apremilast, brodalumab 140 mg q2w, etanercept, infliximab, secukinumab, and ustekinumab. results were consistent for pasi 50, 75, and 90 outcomes and all sensitivity analyses., conclusions: our findings are consistent with pivotal trials which indicate that high levels of complete clearance can be achieved with brodalumab. based on existing evidence, induction-phase efficacy of brodalumab is similar to ixekizumab and superior to other approved therapies, including anti-tnfs, apremilast, secukinumab, and ustekinumab.
comparison of adalimumab and etanercept for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis: an indirect comparison using individual patient data from randomized trials.$$$ objectives: to compare outcomes between adalimumab and etanercept in the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis., methods: study groups included patients randomized to adalimumab or placebo (reveal and champion trials) and those randomized to etanercept or placebo (m10-114 and m10-315 trials). week 12 outcomes were compared between patients receiving adalimumab and those receiving etanercept after adjusting for cross-trial differences in patient characteristics using propensity score weighting and after subtracting effects of placebo. outcomes included proportion of patients achieving 75% or more, 90% or more, and 100% reductions from baseline in the psoriasis area and severity index (pasi75, pasi90, pasi100, respectively), symptom resolution (pruritus = 0.
dimethyl fumarate: a review in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.$$$ fumaric acid esters (faes) have been used in the treatment of psoriasis in some european countries for over 20 years, and are recommended in the european guidelines for the management of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. dimethyl fumarate (skilarence r.
safety and efficacy of guselkumab in japanese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized, placebo-controlled, ascending-dose study.$$$ background: the interleukin (il)-23/il-17 pathway is central in the pathogenesis of psoriasis. the favourable efficacy and safety of guselkumab, an il-23-specific monoclonal antibody, has been demonstrated in global phase iii studies of plaque psoriasis., objectives: to evaluate the safety, efficacy and pharmacokinetics of single-dose subcutaneous guselkumab in japanese patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., methods: patients with >= 10% of total body surface area involvement and a psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) >= 12 were randomized (5 : 1) to receive guselkumab or placebo in four cohorts of this double-blind, placebo-controlled, single ascending-dose, single-centre study. safety, pharmacokinetics and clinical response were monitored at baseline and specific time points over a 24-week follow-up period., results: to week 24, 55% (11/20) of patients in the guselkumab group and 50% (2/4) in the placebo group experienced >=1 adverse event (ae). no deaths, serious aes or aes leading to treatment discontinuation were reported. maximum clinical response was seen at week 16 with pasi 75 (>= 75% improvement from baseline pasi) response in two of five (10 mg), four of five (30 mg and 300 mg) and three of five (100 mg) patients.
safety and efficacy of apremilast through 104 weeks in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis who continued on apremilast or switched from etanercept treatment: findings from the liberate study.$$$ background: apremilast, an oral phosphodiesterase-4 inhibitor, has demonstrated efficacy in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis., objective: to evaluate long-term efficacy and safety of apremilast in biologic-naive patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and safety of switching from etanercept to apremilast in the phase 3b liberate trial., methods: two hundred fifty patients were randomized to placebo, apremilast 30 mg bid or etanercept 50 mg qw through week 16.
matching-adjusted indirect comparison of efficacy in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis treated with ixekizumab vs. secukinumab.$$$ background: head-to-head randomized studies comparing ixekizumab and secukinumab in the treatment of psoriasis are not available., objectives: to assess efficacy and quality of life using matching-adjusted indirect comparisons for treatment with ixekizumab vs. secukinumab., methods: psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) improvement of at least 75%, 90% and 100% and dermatology life quality index (dlqi) 0/1 response rates for approved dosages of ixekizumab (160 mg at week 0, then 80 mg every two weeks for the first 12 weeks) and secukinumab (300 mg at weeks 0, 1, 2, 3 and 4, then 300 mg every 4 weeks) treatment were compared using data from active (etanercept and ustekinumab) and placebo-controlled studies. comparisons were made using the bucher (bu) method and two modified versions of the signorovitch (sg) method (sg total and sg separate). subsequently, results based on active treatment common comparators were combined using generic inverse-variance meta-analysis., results: in the meta-analysis of studies with active comparators, pasi 90 response rates were 12.7% [95% confidence interval (ci) 5.5-19.8, p = 0.0005], 10.0% (95% ci 2.1-18.0, p = 0.01) and 11.2% (95% ci 3.2-19.1, p = 0.006) higher and pasi 100 response rates were 11.7% (95% ci 5.9-17.5, p < 0.001), 12.7% (95% ci 6.0-19.4, p < 0.001) and 13.1% (95% ci 6.3-19.9, p < 0.001) higher for ixekizumab compared with secukinumab using bu, sg total and sg separate methods. pasi 75 results were comparable when sg methods were used and favoured ixekizumab when the bu method was used. week 12 dlqi 0/1 response rates did not differ significantly., conclusions: ixekizumab had higher pasi 90 and pasi 100 responses at week 12 compared with secukinumab using adjusted indirect comparisons. copyright © 2017 the authors. british journal of dermatology published by john wiley & sons ltd on behalf of british association of dermatologists.
treating moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis with guselkumab: a review of phase ii and phase iii trials.$$$ objective: guselkumab, an anti-interleukin-23 monoclonal antibody was recently approved for the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. this article will review the available phase ii and phase iii guselkumab clinical trial data., data sources: a pubmed search was conducted using the terms guselkumab, interleukin-23, psoriasis, adalimumab, and ustekinumab (january 2014 to august 2017)., study selection and data extraction: articles detailing the results of phase ii and phase iii clinical trials were selected for review., data synthesis: in 1 phase ii and 2 phase iii clinical trials, guselkumab was more effective than adalimumab and placebo in reducing physician's global assessment and investigator global assessment (iga) scores in those with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. in a separate phase iii trial, transitioning to guselkumab treatment was more effective than continued ustekinumab use in reducing iga scores in those who were minimally responsive to ustekinumab ( p = 0.001). trial results did not reveal specific patterns in adverse event (ae) incidence.
immunosuppression/infections across indications.$$$ there is increasing use of cytokine inhibitors (including biologics) in the treatment of psoriasis as their efficacy and safety have been demonstrated. cytokines are important signaling molecules evolved to coordinate a response to infectious threat. in this study, we review available trial, registry and cohort study data pertaining to the immunosuppressive effects of these medications when used to treat psoriasis. the risk of infection associated with these medications is small. special considerations include the use of these agents in the setting of granulomatous infections, viral hepatitis, human immunodeficiency virus infection, fungal infection and in the perioperative state. copyright © 2018 s. karger ag, basel.
fumaric acid esters in combination with a 6-week course of narrowband ultraviolet b provides an accelerated response compared with fumaric acid esters monotherapy in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a randomized prospective clinical study.$$$ background: fumaric acid esters (fae) are safe and effective in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis but have a slow onset of action. a short-term combination with narrowband ultraviolet b (nb-uvb) may substantially accelerate the therapeutic response in the induction phase of treatment., objectives: to assess the synergistic effect of a 6-week course of nb-uvb phototherapy in addition to fae in adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., methods: in this randomized, assessor-masked trial, patients with a psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) of >= 10 and a body surface area affected of >= 10 were randomized either to monotherapy with fae (n = 16) or a combination of fae with nb-uvb (n = 14). the primary outcome parameter of the study was the mean pasi reduction after 6 weeks of treatment. in addition, the pasi 75 response (>= 75% improvement from baseline pasi), the psoriasis log-based area and severity index (plasi) and the dermatology life quality index (dlqi) were assessed as secondary outcome measures., results: in total, 30 patients (19 men, 11 women.
the impact of biologic agents on health-related quality of life outcomes in patients with psoriasis.$$$ introduction: psoriasis is a common, immune-mediated skin disease often associated with significant physical and psychosocial impairment. antipsoriatic biologic agents offer patients unparalleled treatment potential in regard to greater skin clearance and overall improved quality of life. evaluation of the therapeutic efficacy of biologic agents on the full psoriasis disease burden must account for their impact on both physical symptoms, as well as patient-reported, health-related quality of life (hrqol) measurements. areas covered: results from numerous clinical trials demonstrate the significant clinical efficacy of biological agents targeting tumor necrosis factor-alpha (tnf-alpha) and the interleukin (il)-12/23 and il-17 immune pathways. however, relatively limited data is available evaluating their full effect on quality of life outcomes. this review will discuss the most relevant and up-to-date clinical data on hrqol measurements related to treatment with these aforementioned biologic agents. expert commentary: patient-reported outcomes (i.e. dermatology life quality index) are being used with increasing frequency in clinical trials, and provide valuable information on the impact of psoriasis on numerous aspects of day-to-day living. these outcomes must also be incorporated in clinical practice, in addition to physical assessment of disease severity, treatment decisions, and therapeutic response in the psoriasis patient population.
a systematic review of active comparator controlled clinical trials in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis.$$$ purpose: interleukin (il)-17 and il-23 inhibitors are the newest biologic agents used in the management of moderate-to-severe psoriasis. active comparator studies allow for direct comparison of different biologic agents. we sought to systematically investigate the efficacy of newer biologic agents compared to earlier biologics., materials and methods: we conducted a literature search for randomized control trials that compared the efficacy of a biologic agent with an active comparator. articles from january 1 2010 to june 26 2017 were searched. reference lists were also reviewed for studies for inclusion., results: twelve studies were included, a majority being phase iii trials. all of the studies compared the efficacy of il-17 and il-23 inhibitors with adalimumab, etanercept, or ustekinumab with the exception of one study that compared the efficacy of ustekinumab with etanercept. il-17 and il-23 inhibitors consistently demonstrate superior efficacy over tnf inhibitors and ustekinumab as assessed by 75%, 90%, and 100% improvement in baseline psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) scores at week 12., conclusions: overall, il-17 and il-23 inhibitors appear to demonstrate superior efficacy and more rapid clinical improvement when compared to older biologic agents. this review may help predict patient outcomes, manage patient expectations, and biologic agent utilization.
a new class of biologic agents facing the therapeutic paradigm in psoriasis: anti-il-23 agents.$$$ introduction: psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease whose pathogenesis is driven by multiple cytokine-mediated pathways. in this immunologic setting, the centrality of the il-23/il-17 axis and its therapeutic relevance has emerged., areas covered: this review is aimed at collecting preliminary data on il23p19 blockers developed for the treatment of plaque psoriasis. three agents, guselkumab, risankizumab, and tildrakizumab, are currently being tested in phase iii trials, while ly2525623 is currently being tested in phase ii trials. treatment with these agents resulted in a marked improvement in disease severity, confirming the pathogenic relevance of il-23 in psoriasis., expert opinion: selective neutralization of il-23 is an advantageous strategy for treating psoriasis. preliminary data from phase ii and iii trials have shown the capability of this therapeutic class in inducing complete clearance or almost complete clearance in many patients: the highest pasi 90 rates were achieved by guselkumab, tildrakizumab, and risankizumab in 73.3%, 74% and 77% of cases, respectively. moreover, the highest pasi 100 rates were achieved in 33%, 14%, and 48% of patients treated with guselkumab, tildrakizumab, and risankizumab, respectively. further studies are needed to confirm this remarkable efficacy over long-term treatment periods.
trial characteristics as contextual factors when evaluating targeted therapies in patients with psoriatic disease: a meta-epidemiologic study.$$$ objective: to assess the importance of trial characteristics as contextual factors when evaluating the treatment effect of targeted therapies for patients with psoriatic disease., methods: we identified randomized controlled trials (rcts) evaluating targeted therapies approved for psoriatic arthritis (psa) and psoriasis (8 biologics and apremilast). the effect of targeted therapies was analyzed in the 2 psoriatic conditions combined by using drug retention as a common outcome, and separately by using the american college of rheumatology 20% improvement criteria (acr20) for psa and the psoriasis area severity index 75% improvement score (pasi75) for psoriasis. we explored potential effect modification of trial characteristics in stratified and meta-regression analyses. odds ratios (ors) were calculated and compared among the trial eligibility criteria via the ratio of ors., results: forty-eight psa and psoriasis trials (51 comparisons.
effect of secukinumab on quality of life and psoriasis-related symptoms: a comparative analysis versus ustekinumab from the clear 52-week study.$$$ background: secukinumab has demonstrated greater sustained skin clearance than ustekinumab through week 52, greater improvement in symptoms and health-related quality of life, and comparable safety profile., objective: to assess the impact of secukinumab versus that of ustekinumab on complete relief from psoriasis-related symptoms, time to response in terms of health-related quality of life, and cumulative benefit among patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., methods: psoriasis-related pain, itching, and scaling and the dermatology life quality index (dlqi) score were compared between treatments on the basis of time to complete relief of symptoms and time to dlqi response in the clear trial. cumulative benefit over 52 weeks based on psoriasis area and severity index score, symptom relief, and dlqi response were evaluated by area under the curve analysis., results: significantly more patients treated with secukinumab achieved complete relief of pain at weeks 16 and 52 (all p < .05). complete relief of itching and scaling occurred significantly faster with secukinumab (median, 4 weeks faster for itching and 8 weeks faster for scaling [p < .001]). response as measured by the dlqi was 4 weeks faster with secukinumab (p < .0001). cumulative benefits were greater with secukinumab (all p < .05)., limitations: analyses were post hoc., conclusion: this patient-reported outcome analysis confirms greater and sustained benefits of secukinumab versus those of ustekinumab treatment on patients' lives. copyright © 2017 american academy of dermatology, inc. published by elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
review of il-17 inhibitors for psoriasis.$$$ background: the development of biologic agents directed against distinct cytokines and receptors has advanced the therapeutic options available for psoriasis patients. evidence from preclinical studies suggests that il-17 may contribute to the pathogenesis of psoriasis. objective: the objective was to review the safety and efficacy profile for each il-17 inhibitor by evaluating phase iii clinical trial data. methods: we reviewed the results of phase iii clinical trials for the il-17 inhibitors secukinumab, ixekizumab, and brodalumab. results: at week 12, the proportion of patients reaching psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 75) was above 60% for the most efficacious dose of each agent with favorable and comparable safety profiles. the most commonly reported adverse events were nasopharyngitis, headache, and upper respiratory tract infection. conclusions: the clinical improvement among psoriasis patients on il-17 inhibitors is similar or superior to the improvement seen with commercially produced biologic agents available accompanied by a favorable short-term safety profile. the results of the phase iii trials indicate that il-17 inhibitors are effective therapeutic options for psoriasis patients.
apremilast for the treatment of moderate-to-severe palmoplantar psoriasis: results from a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study.$$$ background: palmoplantar psoriasis is a variant of psoriasis vulgaris which can severely impair quality of life., objectives: the main objectives of this double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study were to assess the efficacy and impact on quality of life and work productivity of apremilast for the treatment of moderate-to-severe palmoplantar psoriasis., methods: a total of 100 patients with moderate-to-severe palmoplantar psoriasis were randomized to either apremilast 30 mg bid or placebo for 16 weeks. at week 16, all patients received apremilast 30 mg bid until week 32. the primary endpoint was the proportion of patients who achieved a palmoplantar psoriasis physician global assessment (pppga) of 0/1 at week 16., results: there was no significant difference in the proportion of patients who achieved a pppga of 0/1 at week 16 between patients randomized to apremilast (14%) and placebo (4%.
guselkumab for psoriasis: a critical appraisal of phase iii studies.$$$ biologic therapies have raised the frontiers of accepted treatment efficacy for severe psoriasis. guselkumab is an igg1 monoclonal antibody that binds to the p19 subunit and inhibits il-23. in three phase iii randomized, active comparator and placebo controlled trials, guselkumab demonstrated superior efficacy and a comparable safety profile when assessed against adalimumab and ustekinumab. critical appraisal highlighted uncertainties over risk of bias from missing details in the trial publications that would be overcome with the provision of accompanying trial protocols, as well as the need for a head-to-head trial against an il-17 inhibitor. overall, guselkumab is a promising addition to the biologic options for psoriasis due to its high efficacy, safe profile, low immunogenicity and efficacy in ustekinumab and adalimumab nonresponders.
adalimumab for nail psoriasis: efficacy and safety from the first 26 weeks of a phase 3, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.$$$ background: previous clinical trials have not evaluated improvement in nail psoriasis as a primary end point., objective: this phase 3 trial evaluated the safety and efficacy of adalimumab in patients with moderate-to-severe fingernail psoriasis and moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis., methods: patients were randomized 1:1 to 40 mg adalimumab every other week or placebo. the primary efficacy end point was at least 75% improvement in total-fingernail modified nail psoriasis severity index (napsi75) response rate at week 26. ranked secondary end point scores evaluated at week 26 were total-fingernail napsi and modified napsi, nail pain, nail psoriasis physical functioning severity, brigham scalp nail inverse palmo-plantar psoriasis index, and physician's global assessment (fingernail psoriasis)., results: of the 217 randomized patients (108 received placebo and 109 received adalimumab), 188 (86.6%) completed 26 weeks of treatment (period a) or escaped early to the open-label period. the study met the primary end point (response rate of 3.4% with placebo vs 46.6% with adalimumab [p < .001]) and all ranked secondary end points. the serious adverse event rates (placebo vs adalimumab) in period a were 4.6% versus 7.3%.
ixekizumab treatment for psoriasis: integrated efficacy analysis of three double-blinded, controlled studies (uncover-1, uncover-2, uncover-3).$$$ background: ixekizumab, a high-affinity monoclonal antibody that selectively targets interleukin (il)-17a, is approved for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis., objectives: this analysis represents an overview of the efficacy outcomes from three phase iii psoriasis studies., methods: data were integrated from the 12-week induction period of three studies in which patients received ixekizumab 80 mg every 2 weeks (ixe q2w.
multiple switches between gp2015, an etanercept biosimilar, with originator product do not impact efficacy, safety and immunogenicity in patients with chronic plaque-type psoriasis: 30-week results from the phase 3, confirmatory egality study.$$$ background: egality was a phase iii confirmatory efficacy and safety study conducted in patients with plaque-type psoriasis as a part of totality of evidence gathered during the development of gp2015, an etanercept biosimilar., objective: to demonstrate equivalent efficacy and comparable safety and immunogenicity of gp2015 and the etanercept originator product (etn, enbrel r ) and evaluate effects of repeated switching between gp2015 and etn. results for efficacy, safety and immunogenicity during treatment period (tp) 2 (tp2) are presented pooling the two continued treatment arms (pooled continued) versus the two treatment arms with repeated switches (pooled switched)., methods: patients (n = 531) were randomized 1:1 to self-administer gp2015 or etn twice-weekly subcutaneously during tp1. patients with a >=50% improvement in psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 50) at week 12 were re-randomized for tp2 to continue the same treatment at once-weekly dosing or to undergo three consecutive treatment switches between gp2015 and etn until week 30. patients continued the last-assigned treatment during tp2, until week 52., results: mean (standard deviation [sd]) pasi scores at baseline were similar in patients who underwent multiple switches compared to those with continued treatments during tp2. during tp2, pasi 50, pasi 75 and pasi 90 response rates, percent change from baseline in pasi scores and all other efficacy parameters were similar between the pooled switched and pooled continued treatment groups at all time points. the incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events including injection site reactions was comparable between the pooled switched (36.7%) and pooled continued (34.9%) groups. none of the patients in either treatment group were positive for binding anti-drug antibodies in tp2., conclusion: treatment efficacy, safety and immunogenicity were similar between the pooled continued and pooled switched treatments during tp2, indicating that there are no effects in the short term on clinical data of multiple switches between gp2015 and etn. copyright © 2017 the authors. journal of the european academy of dermatology and venereology published by john wiley & sons ltd on behalf of european academy of dermatology and venereology.
efficacy of guselkumab in subpopulations of patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: a pooled analysis of the phase iii voyage 1 and voyage 2 studies.$$$ background: significant advances have been made in the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis with biological therapies.
long-term impact of ixekizumab on psoriasis itch severity: results from a phase iii clinical trial and long-term extension.$$$ itching is a prevalent plaque psoriasis symptom. ixekizumab, an il-17a antagonist, has demonstrated rapid, significant improvements in itch severity over 12 weeks in phase iii psoriasis trials (uncover-1, uncover-2). we assessed the long-term (through 60 weeks) effect of ixekizumab maintenance therapy (80-mg ixekizumab every 4 weeks [ixeq4w]) on itch severity, using the itch numeric rating scale, in psoriasis patients who received ixekizumab, placebo, or etanercept for 12 weeks in the phase iii uncover-3 trial. after 12 weeks, patients either continued or switched to ixeq4w. mean improvements in itch severity achieved with 12 weeks of ixekizumab (-4.7 to -5.1) were maintained through 60 weeks with ixeq4w (-4.9 to -5.0). patients who initially received placebo or etanercept experienced rapid itch severity improvements after switching to ixekizumab at week 12 (week 12, placebo: -0.6.
a systematic review and meta-analysis of efficacy and safety of novel interleukin inhibitors in the management of psoriatic arthritis.$$$ objective: the aim of this study was to systemically review the efficacy and safety of inhibitors of interleukin 6 (il-6): clazakizumab, il-12/23: ustekinumab, and il-17a: secukinumab, brodalumab, and ixekizumab in psoriatic arthritis (psa)., methods: the literature search was conducted using medline, embase, cochrane library, scopus, and web of science. we included randomized controlled trials that assessed the efficacy of il inhibitors and reported american college of rheumatology 20 response at 24 weeks. meta-analysis was done using random-effects model utilizing the dersimonian and laird method. quality assessment was done using robotreviewer cochrane risk-of-bias assessment tool. heterogeneity was assessed with q statistic and quantified with i. publication bias was assessed with a funnel plot., results: eight studies including 2722 subjects demonstrate the efficacy of il inhibitors clazakizumab, secukinumab, ixekizumab, brodalumab, and ustekinumab in the treatment of psa. the american college of rheumatology 20/50/70 risk ratios were 2.02 (95% confidence interval [ci], 1.65-2.47.
impact of ixekizumab on facial psoriasis and related quality of life measures in moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients: 12-week results from two phase iii trials.$$$ background: facial psoriasis was reported in 17-68% of patients with psoriasis and shown to have a negative impact on patients' personal and health-related quality of life (hrqol)., objectives: to explore the association of facial psoriasis with patients' hrqol and to assess the relationship between ixekizumab (ixe) and improvement in facial psoriasis and changes in hrqol., methods: this work reports the combined results of two phase iii multicentre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, active-comparator trials in patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis. patients received placebo, etanercept (etn.
improvements in psoriasis within different body regions vary over time following treatment with ixekizumab.$$$ background: ixekizumab is a high-affinity monoclonal antibody that selectively targets interleukin-17 a., objective: examine the efficacy of ixekizumab in clearing psoriasis within different body regions., methods: data from 3 placebo- (pbo) or pbo- and etanercept (etn)-controlled trials were integrated. patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis were randomized to 12 weeks of pbo (uncover-1, -2, -3, n = 792.
efficacy and safety of guselkumab in patients with psoriasis who have an inadequate response to ustekinumab: results of the randomized, double-blind, phase iii navigate trial.$$$ background: guselkumab, an anti-interleukin-23 monoclonal antibody, has demonstrated significant efficacy in phase iii psoriasis trials., objectives: to evaluate the efficacy and safety of guselkumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who had an inadequate response to ustekinumab., methods: in this phase iii, randomized, double-blind study, 871 patients received open-label ustekinumab (45 mg or 90 mg) at weeks 0 and 4. at week 16, 268 patients with an inadequate response to ustekinumab [investigator's global assessment (iga) >= 2] were randomized (double-blind) to guselkumab 100 mg or to continue ustekinumab.
number needed to treat and costs per responder among biologic treatments for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in japan.$$$ background: biologics have been shown to improve the outcomes of patients with psoriasis but their cost is an issue., objective: determine the number needed to treat (nnt) to achieve a 75%/90% reduction in the psoriasis area and severity index (pasi-75/90) and evaluate the incremental cost per pasi-75/90 responder (cpr) relative to placebo in japan., methods: a network meta-analysis was conducted to estimate the relative probabilities of achieving pasi-75/90 and nnts. drug costs were assessed based on pharmaceutical and medical device agency-approved dosing. the cpr was estimated for a short-term induction period and first year of treatment., results: compared with placebo, the pasi-75 nnt was 1.27 for adalimumab 80 mg, 1.29 for secukinumab 150 mg, 1.36 for secukinumab 300 mg, 1.57 for adalimumab 40 mg, 1.68 for ustekinumab 90 mg, 1.97 for ustekinumab 45 mg and 2.00 for infliximab 5 mg/kg. the short-term pasi-75 cpr relative to placebo was $5,062 for secukinumab 150 mg, $8209 for adalimumab 40 mg, $10,654 for secukinumab 300 mg, $11,754 for adalimumab 80 mg, $15,407 for ustekinumab 45 mg, $19,147 for infliximab 5 mg/kg and $26,257 for ustekinumab 90 mg. a similar ranking was observed for one-year pasi-75 cprs and pasi-90 nnts and cprs., conclusion: adalimumab 40 mg/80 mg and secukinumab 150 mg/300 mg were the most efficacious and cost-efficient for patients with psoriasis in japan.
interleukin-17 inhibition: role in psoriasis and inflammatory bowel disease.$$$ introduction: interleukin 17 (il-17) antagonism provides a highly effective approach for treating psoriasis. exacerbations of inflammatory bowel disease have been reported in anti-il-17 psoriasis trials., aim: to characterize the relationship between il-17 inhibition and inflammatory bowel disease., methods: a review of english-language articles was performed. search terms included il-17, psoriasis, inflammatory bowel disease, secukinumab, ixekizumab and brodalumab., results: il-17 a inhibition, il-17ra inhibition and il-17 knockout led to induction or exacerbation of colitis in mouse models. the placebo groups fared better than the treatment group in controlled trials of anti-il-17 antibody and anti-il-17 receptor for crohn's disease (cd). a brodalumab study (n = 1576) revealed one reported cd case. an ixekizumab study (n = 3736) evaluating moderate-to-severe psoriasis, four patients reported cd and seven reported uc while ixekizumab every 2 weeks led to a moderate exacerbation of uc in one patient and new-onset cd in one patient. a secukinumab study (n = 3430) revealed exposure adjusted incidence rates of 0.11 and 0.15 per 100 patient-years for cd and uc, respectively., discussion: anti-il-17 medications are associated with ibd exacerbation. caution should be used in prescribing these medications in patients with diagnosed ibd or personal history suggestive of ibd.
efficacy and safety of etanercept in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis in the presta study: analysis in patients from central and eastern europe.$$$ background: data are limited on the effectiveness of anti-tnf and other biologics on psoriatric arthritis (psa) in central and eastern europe (cee). the objective of this analysis was to evaluate the efficacy of etanercept (etn) in psa patients from cee., methods: in presta, patients were randomized to receive etn 50 mg biw or 50 mg qw for 12 weeks (double-blind phase) and etn 50 mg qw for 12 additional weeks (open label). in this analysis, only patients from czech republic, hungary, poland and serbia were included. the primary efficacy variable was the proportion of subjects achieving a physician global assessment (pga) of psoriasis status: "clear" or "almost clear" at week 12., results: in the 307 patients, 54% biw/qw compared with 40% (qw/qw) (p = .02), achieved "clear"/"almost clear" for pga of psoriasis at week 12 increasing, to 68% and 60%, respectively (p = .134) by week 24. mean improvement from baseline in pasi were 59% versus 49% (p = .005) at week 6 and 87% versus 81% (p < .05) at week 24, for the biw/qw and qw/qw groups, respectively. etn was well tolerated in both groups over 24 weeks., conclusions: both dose regimens of etn provided significant improvements in efficacy in psa treatment and were well tolerated.
comparative effectiveness of secukinumab and etanercept in biologic-naive patients with psoriatic arthritis assessed by matching-adjusted indirect comparison.$$$ objective: matching-adjusted indirect comparison (maic) can be used to assess the comparative effectiveness of two treatments indirectly using data from randomized placebo-controlled trials. this maic assessed the comparative effectiveness of secukinumab (an anti-interleukin-17a) and etanercept (a tumor necrosis factor inhibitor) in a target population of biologic-naive patients with psoriatic arthritis (psa)., methods: individual patient data pooled from future 2 (nct01752634), future 3 (nct01989468), and future 5 (nct02404350) (secukinumab: 150 mg, n=458 and 300 mg, n=461) were matched to data from the population in the nct00317499 trial (etanercept 25 mg, n=101) using maic methodology, by adjusting for clinical and demographic baseline characteristics. recalculated outcomes from future 2, 3, and 5 (150 mg, effective sample size (ess) post-matching=104.
an update on clinical safety of adalimumab in treating psoriasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis based on 20 randomized controlled trials.$$$ purpose: the current meta-analysis was conducted to better evaluate the role of adalimumab for patients with psoriasis in terms of its safety profile on the basis of eligible randomized controlled trials (rcts)., methods: the following electronic databases such as cochrane, pubmed, and embase database involving the index words were screened and identified for qualified studies updated to december 2018. associated publications and sources were hand-searched for more related details. to further analyze the main outcomes, the odds ratio (or) and mean difference (md) with its 95% confidence interval (95% ci) were utilized., results: there were a total of 20 rcts involving respective 3795 and 3266 patients in the adalimumab and control group that met our inclusion criteria. according to the aggregated results, the adalimumab group was highly associated with significant improvement in the incidence of adverse event (ae), infection, and injection site reaction on comparison of the control group. nevertheless, no remarkable differences were found between the two study groups in terms of the incidence of serious ae, serious infection as well as the discontinuation of study drug caused by ae., conclusion: adalimumab was proved to be linked to higher incidence of ae, infection, and injection site reaction during the therapy process of psoriasis based on high-quality rcts. in addition, there was no association between adalimumab therapy and serious ae, serious infection and the discontinuation of study drug caused by ae in patients harboring psoriasis according to eligible rcts. copyright © 2019 wiley periodicals, inc.
tildrakizumab in the treatment of psoriasis: latest evidence and place in therapy.$$$ psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory disorder that is clinically characterized by scaly cutaneous plaques. new evidence suggests that dysregulation of interleukin (il)-23, a key cytokine in the t-helper-17 pathway, plays a vital role in the development of psoriatic systemic inflammation. the novel biologic medication tildrakizumab is among the first drugs with specific action against il-23 that has recently been approved by the united states food and drug administration and the european medicines agency for moderate-to-severe psoriasis. tildrakizumab has been shown in large randomized controlled trials to be effective in improving skin manifestations as well as enhancing quality of life outcomes in patients with psoriasis. its simple dosing, prolonged duration of action, and mild adverse event profile make it a practical option for patients.
network meta-analysis and cost per responder of targeted immunomodulators in the treatment of active psoriatic arthritis.$$$ background: multiple targeted immunomodulators (tims) for psoriatic arthritis (psa) treatment are available, but limited studies have directly compared these agents. this study indirectly compared the efficacy of tnf-alpha, interleukins, and phosphodiesterase-4 inhibitors for treatment of active psa., methods: a systematic literature review was conducted to identify phase iii randomized controlled trials (rcts) for adalimumab, certolizumab pegol, etanercept, golimumab, infliximab, ustekinumab, secukinumab, and apremilast in active psa. joint (acr20/50/70) and skin outcomes (pasi75/90) at week 24 with each tim were estimated via a bayesian network meta-analysis, and the incremental cost per responder over the first 24 weeks of treatment was calculated. similar analyses were conducted in a subgroup of biologic-naive patients., results: seventeen rcts were identified.
efficacy of several biological therapies for treating moderate to severe psoriasis: a network meta-analysis.$$$ the aim of the present meta-analysis was to systematically assess the efficacy of the various treatments available for moderate to severe psoriasis. pubmed and embase databases were systematically searched to select relevant studies up to february 2015. odds ratios (ors) and their 95% confidence intervals (cis) were used as effect estimates. in addition, the psoriasis area and severity index (pasi) 50, pasi 75 and pasi 90 responses for the therapies were systematically assessed. a total of 33 randomized controlled trials were included in the present study. for the pasi 75 response rate, infliximab (5 mg) may be the most effective option for the treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis. furthermore, the pooled results of the pasi 50 response rate demonstrated that infliximab (5 mg) and ustekinumab (90 mg) may be superior to other drugs for treating moderate to severe psoriasis. for the pasi 90 response rate, infliximab (5 mg), ustekinumab (90 mg) and briakinumab (weeks 0 and 4, 200 mg.
spotlight on risankizumab and its potential in the treatment of plaque psoriasis: evidence to date.$$$ psoriasis is a common chronic immune-mediated skin disease, with systemic involvement and significant impact in patients' quality of life. several highly specific treatments have been developed over the years, such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha inhibitors, a nonselective il-23 inhibitor (ustekinumab), and most recently il-17 inhibitors. risankizumab is a monoclonal antibody which targets il-23p19 without binding il-12. this novel therapeutic approach is expected to have advantages over the recently approved anti-il-17 agents, such as the avoidance of candida infections and neutropenia. in addition, unlike ustekinumab, the selective inhibition of il-23 may preserve il-12-dependent functions such as protection against infections and tumor immune surveillance. risankizumab showed an excellent efficacy when compared to placebo and ustekinumab, with higher psoriasis area severity index (pasi) 75, pasi 90, and pasi 100 rates, along with a convenient every 12-week maintenance dosing regimen. overall, risankizumab was well tolerated and the most common adverse event was upper respiratory tract infection. in the near future, further data will be available not only in psoriasis but also in crohn's disease and psoriatic arthritis fields. head-to-head trials comparing risankizumab with other il-23 inhibitors and with il-17 inhibitors will be crucial to reveal the role of risankizumab in the treatment of psoriasis.
impact of ixekizumab treatment on itch and psoriasis area and severity index in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis: an integrated analysis of two phase iii randomized studies.$$$ introduction: we evaluated baseline itch and its impact on the efficacy of ixekizumab (ixe) in clearing psoriasis and improving quality-of-life measures, and we explored the relationship between itch and psoriatic skin improvement., methods: data were analyzed from two double-blind, randomized, controlled phase iii studies (uncover-2/3) comparing etanercept (etn), ixe, and placebo (pbo) in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. long-term analysis included uncover-3 data from week 0 to week 156., results: at week 12, a clinically meaningful improvement in itch [itch numeric rating scale (nrs) reduction >= 4] was seen in 70.0%, 88.6%, and 90.8% of the ixe-treated patients in the baseline itch nrs 4-6, 7-8, and 9-10 groups, respectively (all itch severity groups p < 0.001 versus etn and pbo). also, 68.9%, 67.1%, and 73.6% of the ixe-treated patients in the baseline itch nrs 4-6, 7-8, and 9-10 groups, respectively, showed an improvement of >= 90.0% in the psoriatic area and severity index (pasi) at week 12 as compared to the baseline (pasi 90) (all itch severity groups p < 0.001 versus etn and pbo). for most patients, itch reduction preceded psoriatic plaque improvement. sustained effects of ixe on itch and pasi were observed during 3 years of treatment., conclusions: regardless of baseline itch severity, ixe treatment provided a rapid improvement in itch followed by clinically meaningful improvements in psoriasis., funding: eli lilly and company., trial registration: clinicaltrials.gov identifiers, nct01597245 and nct01646177.
secukinumab is superior to ustekinumab in clearing skin in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (16-week clarity results).$$$ introduction: secukinumab, a fully human anti-interleukin-17a monoclonal antibody, has demonstrated superior efficacy to ustekinumab in the phase 3b clear study of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. here, we report 16-week results from clarity, a second head-to-head trial comparing secukinumab with ustekinumab., methods: in the phase 3b clarity study, patients were randomized 1:1 to receive subcutaneous secukinumab 300 mg or ustekinumab per label. the co-primary objectives were to demonstrate the superiority of secukinumab over ustekinumab at week 12 in relation to the proportion of patients with (1) 90% or more improvement from baseline psoriasis area and severity index (pasi 90) and (2) a score of 0/1 (clear/almost clear) on the modified investigator's global assessment (iga mod 2011 0/1). key secondary objectives were also assessed, as was dermatology life quality index (dlqi) 0/1 (no impact of skin disease on patients' quality of life) response. missing values were handled by multiple imputation except for dlqi 0/1, where last observation carried forward techniques were utilized., results: both co-primary objectives were met: secukinumab was superior to ustekinumab for the proportion of patients achieving a pasi 90 (66.5% vs. 47.9%) and iga mod 2011 0/1 response (72.3% vs. 55.4%) at week 12 (p < 0.0001). pasi 90 responses were greater with secukinumab compared to ustekinumab from as early as week 4 (16.7% vs. 4.0%) and out to week 16 (76.6% vs. 54.2%). similarly, iga mod 2011 0/1 findings were greater with secukinumab at week 4 (26.9% vs. 7.8%) and at week 16 (78.6% vs. 59.1%). dlqi 0/1 response rates were also greater with secukinumab compared to ustekinumab at week 4 (33.9% vs. 18.0%), week 12 (64.0% vs. 51.7%), and week 16 (68.4% vs. 55.9%)., conclusion: the results of this study confirm the superior efficacy of secukinumab over ustekinumab in treating patients with moderate to severe psoriasis., trial registration: clinicaltrials.gov identifier, nct02826603., funding: novartis pharma ag, basel, switzerland.
therapeutic benefit of apremilast on enthesitis and dactylitis in patients with psoriatic arthritis: a pooled analysis of the palace 1-3 studies.$$$ objective: the psoriatic arthritis long-term assessment of clinical efficacy (palace) clinical trial programme findings demonstrated that apremilast, an oral phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor, is effective for treating psoriatic arthritis (psa). enthesitis and dactylitis are difficult-to-treat features of psa leading to disability and affecting quality of life. palace 1, 2 and 3 data were pooled to assess the efficacy of apremilast on enthesitis and dactylitis outcomes in patients with these conditions at baseline., methods: patients with enthesitis (n=945) or dactylitis (n=633) at baseline were analysed after receiving double-blind treatment with placebo, apremilast 30 mg two times per day or apremilast 20 mg two times per day up to 52 weeks and continuing up to 5 years. data were analysed through 156 weeks. enthesitis was evaluated by maastricht ankylosing spondylitis enthesitis score (mases) and dactylitis via dactylitis count., results: at week 24, patients receiving apremilast 30 mg two times per day demonstrated a significantly greater mean change in enthesitis (-1.3 vs -0.9.
correction to: efficacy and safety of switching to ixekizumab in etanercept non-responders: a subanalysis from two phase iii randomized clinical trials in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (uncover-2 and -3).$$$ the article efficacy and safety of switching to ixekizumab in etanercept non-responders: a subanalysis from two phase iii randomized clinical trials in moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (uncover-2 and -3) written by andrew blauvelt.
4-year results from the rapid-psa phase 3 randomised placebo-controlled trial of certolizumab pegol in psoriatic arthritis.$$$ objective: to report the efficacy, patient-reported, radiographic and safety outcomes of 4 years' certolizumab pegol (czp) treatment in patients with psoriatic arthritis (psa)., methods: rapid-psa (nct01087788) was double-blind and placebo-controlled to week 24, dose-blind to week 48 and open-label (ol) to week 216. patients were randomised 1:1:1 to either placebo or czp 200 mg every 2 weeks (q2w) or 400 mg every 4 weeks (q4w) (following 400 mg at weeks 0/2/4). patients randomised to czp continued their assigned dose in the ol period. patients randomised to placebo were re-randomised to czp 200 mg q2w or 400 mg q4w (post-loading dose) at week 16 (early escape) or after the double-blind phase. we present observed and imputed data.
total disagreements: 181.
cost: 19.171651500000007.

Included target articles are as follow:
